1000
71, prepared the temple, Necho king of Egypt came up to fight against Char
87,nnocent blood, which Joab shed, from me, and from the house of my father. 
And the LORD
93, their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, those that were numb
81,l he honour with gold, and silver, and with precious stones, and pleasant things.
84,ster of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil. 
Wherefore ye mus
90,ring: 
And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five la
90,and mercy, let not all the trouble seem little before thee, that hath come upon us, on our
95,e abominations more than they, and hast justified thy sisters in all thine abominations which t
89,lucked off his shoe, and gave it to his neighbour: and this was a testimony in Israel. 
T
86,ether, they came and pitched together at the waters of Merom, to fight against Israel.
66,Benjamin; Bela, and Becher, and Jediael, three. 
And the sons of B
75,s, and his people, saying, Where is he that brought them up out of the sea 
76,wed unto them his hands and his side. Then were the disciples glad, when the
80,own before the Lamb, having every one of them harps, and golden vials full of od
69,he gods of the nations of other lands have not delivered their people
87,is come, and the time of the dead, that they should be judged, and that thou shouldest 
75, Sherebiah, Judah, and Mattaniah, which was over the thanksgiving, he and h
84,Israel to search out the country. 
And the king of Jericho sent unto Rahab, saying, 
66,shall declare my glory among the Gentiles. 
And they shall bring a
76,tborn that openeth the matrix among the children of Israel: therefore the Le
91,d the elders of Midian departed with the rewards of divination in their hand; and they came
65,d besought him with tears to put away the mischief of Haman the A
70, 
For we are in danger to be called in question for this day's uproar,
92,e LORD stablished the kingdom in his hand; and all Judah brought to Jehoshaphat presents; an
85,d the son of Jonathan, and with him fifty males. 
And of the sons of Elam; Jeshaiah t
89,l these nations because of you; for the LORD your God is he that hath fought for you. 
Be
77,the word which the LORD hath not spoken? 
When a prophet speaketh in the name
74,ed unto you: 
For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh fin
67,Jerusalem, even concerning all that I have brought upon it. 
And th
89, do not discern this time? 
Yea, and why even of yourselves judge ye not what is right? 

86,ster, I beseech thee, look upon my son: for he is mine only child. 
And, lo, a spirit 
80,h his clothes rent, and earth upon his head: and so it was, when he came to Davi
92,at his father, and despiseth to obey his mother, the ravens of the valley shall pick it out,
65, according to all that he had done to Lachish. 
And Joshua went u
70,our sides, and thorns in your eyes, until ye perish from off this good
80,did in like manner with their enchantments. 
For they cast down every man his ro
80,, Thou hast well seen: for I will hasten my word to perform it. 
And the word of
78,aces; thus saith the LORD of hosts, They shall build, but I will throw down; a
77,ge grow to the hurt of the kings? 
Now when the copy of king Artaxerxes' lett
80,der to bear, and became a servant unto tribute. 
Dan shall judge his people, as 
90,the leaders of this people cause them to err; and they that are led of them are destroyed.
84,hem which are saved shall walk in the light of it: and the kings of the earth do bri
72,thine anointed. 
Blessed be the LORD for evermore. Amen, and Amen. 
Lord
95,ft mine heritage; I have given the dearly beloved of my soul into the hand of her enemies. 
Min
86,nd whether we be afflicted, it is for your consolation and salvation, which is effectu
80,ch even to the sea of Jazer: the spoiler is fallen upon thy summer fruits and up
68,them, 
And tookest thy broidered garments, and coveredst them: and t
69,. 
The words of Nehemiah the son of Hachaliah. And it came to pass in
96,ll of water. 
And Gideon said unto God, Let not thine anger be hot against me, and I will speak 
90,of Israel, Surely Moab shall be as Sodom, and the children of Ammon as Gomorrah, even the 
81,ding thou shalt not build the house; but thy son which shall come forth out of th
65,he days come, saith the LORD, that I will send unto him wanderers
89, upon their loins; they shall not gird themselves with any thing that causeth sweat. 
And
84,have ye brought him to me? 
Have I need of mad men, that ye have brought this fellow
88,gates, and for the joinings; and brass in abundance without weight; 
Also cedar trees in
68,d the LORD said, Who shall persuade Ahab, that he may go up and fall
71,f the field; upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all 
85,rks of the LORD, nor the operation of his hands, he shall destroy them, and not build
84, for thy righteousness' sake bring my soul out of trouble. 
And of thy mercy cut off
88, we have forgotten the name of our God, or stretched out our hands to a strange god; 
Sh
69,hine eyelids look straight before thee. 
Ponder the path of thy feet,
81,e land, because our dwellings have cast us out. 
Yet hear the word of the LORD, O
67, land his dwellings. 
He scorneth the multitude of the city, neithe
69,p over them; and their great ones exercise authority upon them. 
But 
91,oab, trembling shall take hold upon them; all the inhabitants of Canaan shall melt away. 
F
70, not in my covenant, and I regarded them not, saith the Lord. 
For thi
70,, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully 
74,opened the book, he found the place where it was written, 
The Spirit of t
85,riends, Be not afraid of them that kill the body, and after that have no more that th
64,d to conquer. 
And when he had opened the second seal, I heard t
95,n at the judgment, than for you. 
And thou, Capernaum, which art exalted to heaven, shalt be th
89,salm, hath a doctrine, hath a tongue, hath a revelation, hath an interpretation. Let all 
89,a and Seba shall offer gifts. 
Yea, all kings shall fall down before him: all nations sha
82,ntly, when he sinneth by ignorance before the LORD, to make an atonement for him; 
94,escend, as it had been a great sheet, let down from heaven by four corners; and it came even t
84,n one, for Gath one, for Ekron one; 
And the golden mice, according to the number of
78,with Balaam. 
And God came unto Balaam, and said, What men are these with thee
74,agabah, the children of Akkub, 
The children of Hagab, the children of Sha
86,, the God of Israel, hath entered in by it, therefore it shall be shut. 
It is for the
83, land. 
And the sabbath of the land shall be meat for you; for thee, and for thy se
75,Then will the LORD drive out all these nations from before you, and ye shal
92,tranger in the land, and as a wayfaring man that turneth aside to tarry for a night? 
Why sh
95,ore; it is a leprosy sprung up in his bald head, or his bald forehead. 
Then the priest shall l
77,augh. 
Blessed are ye, when men shall hate you, and when they shall separate 
65,over Israel: and Ahab the son of Omri reigned over Israel in Sama
91,nd the LORD said, These have no master: let them return every man to his house in peace. 
A
78,ey will marry; 
Having damnation, because they have cast off their first faith
65,ced. 
So there was great joy in Jerusalem: for since the time of 
96,driven backward and put to shame that wish me evil. 
Let them be desolate for a reward of their 
81, cart; and put the jewels of gold, which ye return him for a trespass offering, i
92, smote with a rod. 
And in every place where the grounded staff shall pass, which the LORD s
93, deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria: and I will defend this ci
68, thee. 
And thou shalt return and obey the voice of the LORD, and do
90,ly, whether he be born in the land, or a stranger, the same reproacheth the LORD; and that
83,ght. 
Who would not fear thee, O King of nations? for to thee doth it appertain: fo
74, the judges shall condemn, he shall pay double unto his neighbour. 
If a m
66,e molten image, and a teacher of lies, that the maker of his work 
78,e, and as it were a day's journey on the other side, round about the camp, and
71,ch Moses put there at Horeb, when the LORD made a covenant with the chi
81,wn thy sanctuary. 
We are thine: thou never barest rule over them; they were not 
67,g, and shall come, let them shew unto them. 
Fear ye not, neither b
67,n his right mind: and they were afraid. 
They also which saw it tol
92, LORD. 
And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of my master Abraham, who hath not left destitu
87,into Capernaum; and straightway on the sabbath day he entered into the synagogue, and t
86,eturn unto me; for I have redeemed thee. 
Sing, O ye heavens; for the LORD hath done i
83,o the man clothed with linen, which had the writer's inkhorn by his side; 
And the 
74, Christ? He is antichrist, that denieth the Father and the Son. 
Whosoever
88,dge thee, saith the Lord GOD. 
Also the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of m
82, sinned, and whereby they have transgressed against me. 
And it shall be to me a n
72,with the one lamb a tenth deal of flour mingled with the fourth part of 
91,e. 
My mouth shall shew forth thy righteousness and thy salvation all the day; for I know n
64,see me, until the time come when ye shall say, Blessed is he tha
84,r the corn which they bought: and Joseph brought the money into Pharaoh's house. 
An
90,d brought him by night to Antipatris. 
On the morrow they left the horsemen to go with him
68,off them; and they break their bones, and chop them in pieces, as fo
64,t he will come and smite me, and the mother with the children. 

83,e flame went up toward heaven from off the altar, that the angel of the LORD ascend
88,y face toward the south, and drop thy word toward the south, and prophesy against the fo
69,isciples, we tarried there seven days: who said to Paul through the S
70,, because of the spoiling of the daughter of my people. 
For it is a d
83,who is the image of God, should shine unto them. 
For we preach not ourselves, but 
74,ing beside them: 
And the Sabeans fell upon them, and took them away; yea,
68,the midst of you, as ye yourselves also know: 
Him, being delivered 
75,thou shalt bring Aaron and his sons unto the door of the tabernacle of the 
78,uler; but the birthright was Joseph's:) 
The sons, I say, of Reuben the firstb
88,gainst Israel into the wilderness: and he came to Jahaz, and fought against Israel. 
And
65,was broken down. 
Then I saw, and considered it well: I looked up
65, garments smell of myrrh, and aloes, and cassia, out of the ivory
66, earth. 
Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteo
76,free: for they were employed in that work day and night. 
These chief father
67, Of a truth women have been kept from us about these three days, si
75,he heathen, saying, Gather ye together, and come against her, and rise up t
77,arkness a swaddlingband for it, 
And brake up for it my decreed place, and se
66,s covenant, 
And hath gone and served other gods, and worshipped t
76,, so that thou wilt not hear, but shalt be drawn away, and worship other god
74,lealeh, and even unto Jahaz, have they uttered their voice, from Zoar even
94,all be offended because of thee, yet will I never be offended. 
Jesus said unto him, Verily I 
92,cease. 
Though the root thereof wax old in the earth, and the stock thereof die in the groun
80,of your mouth, until the day I bid you shout; then shall ye shout. 
So the ark o
83,he king of Assyria? 
Where are the gods of Hamath and Arphad? where are the gods of
87,th of the ox that treadeth out the corn. Doth God take care for oxen? 
Or saith he it a
66,hat she may be healed; and she shall live. 
And Jesus went with hi
95, cared for my soul. 
I cried unto thee, O LORD: I said, Thou art my refuge and my portion in th
74,nded because they had hoped; they came thither, and were ashamed. 
For now
91,nd their fathers have transgressed against me, even unto this very day. 
For they are impud
66,his anger, and in his wrath: 
Even all nations shall say, Wherefor
64,out of the winepress, even unto the horse bridles, by the space 
79, abroad. 
Then from that day forth they took counsel together for to put him to
77,ail. 
The instruments also of the churl are evil: he deviseth wicked devices 
91,rder went along on the right hand unto the inhabitants of Entappuah. 
Now Manasseh had the 
86,braham that which he hath spoken of him. 
And the LORD said, Because the cry of Sodom 
85,ahanaim, that Shobi the son of Nahash of Rabbah of the children of Ammon, and Machir 
86,r cities were, the Israelites, the priests, Levites, and the Nethinims. 
And in Jerusa
78,f great fishes, an hundred and fifty and three: and for all there were so many
86,sanctify them. 
And he poured of the anointing oil upon Aaron's head, and anointed him
65,not be wiped away. 
For jealousy is the rage of a man: therefore 
72,guard came and fetched them, and brought them again into the guard chamb
65,Cornelius was departed, he called two of his household servants, 
67,youth even unto this day, and have not obeyed the voice of the LORD
68,h he hateth, have they done unto their gods; for even their sons and
95,s, and honour. 
A wise man scaleth the city of the mighty, and casteth down the strength of the
89,y creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth; that they may breed abundantly in the eart
81,ave eaten a sour grape, and the children's teeth are set on edge. 
But every one 
72,began to be sorrowful and very heavy. 
Then saith he unto them, My soul 
85,cute my judgments, and keep all my commandments to walk in them; then will I perform 
82,at we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man shall do
68,cover not thy lips, and eat not the bread of men. 
So I spake unto t
89,od for man in this life, all the days of his vain life which he spendeth as a shadow? for
87, is another man's, who shall give you that which is your own? 
No servant can serve two
93,Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his name Enos: then began men to call u
68,to almonds, with a knop and a flower in one branch; and three bowls 
85, unto him for ever. 
And David gathered all Israel together to Jerusalem, to bring up
95,and were baptized. 
For John was not yet cast into prison. 
Then there arose a question between
82, youth. 
For the LORD, the God of Israel, saith that he hateth putting away: for o
95,be ye holy in all manner of conversation; 
Because it is written, Be ye holy; for I am holy. 
A
92,tter as wormwood, sharp as a two-edged sword. 
Her feet go down to death; her steps take hol
88,thee, Israel? how shall I make thee as Admah? how shall I set thee as Zeboim? mine heart
91,ame to pass, when he had made an end of speaking, that he cast away the jawbone out of his 
88,woman, which had an issue of blood twelve years, 
And had suffered many things of many p
65,Wherefore, though I might be much bold in Christ to enjoin thee t
65,read from heaven; but my Father giveth you the true bread from he
85,rael? and my family the least of all the families of the tribe of Benjamin? wherefore
87, it thee; in the presence of the sons of my people give I it thee: bury thy dead. 
And 
93,walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood 
82,commanded Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, and Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas, the s
86,ekel: that is it which goeth toward the east of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphr
84,to the election of grace. 
And if by grace, then is it no more of works: otherwise g
65, brethren, were twelve: 
The thirteenth to Shubael, he, his sons,
93,m: and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran. 
And Abram took Sa
79, from the first day unto the last day, he read in the book of the law of God. A
66, LORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our refuge. Selah. 
84,t: and he measured the gate according to these measures. 
And the little chambers th
93,e was corn in Egypt, he sent out our fathers first. 
And at the second time Joseph was made k
94,l in that it was in thine heart: 
Notwithstanding thou shalt not build the house; but thy son 
77,o the LORD, are the sons of Aaron, and the Levites wait upon their business: 
64,and let us go up at noon. Woe unto us! for the day goeth away, f
77,e, and in all manner of workmanship, 
To devise cunning works, to work in gol
82,weth the cud among the beasts, that ye shall eat. 
Nevertheless these ye shall not
65, in the morning; and their beauty shall consume in the grave from
77, shall be a fountain opened to the house of David and to the inhabitants of J
69,on, or the stars, be not darkened, nor the clouds return after the ra
69,and his brethren, and could not come at him for the press. 
And it wa
70,ine's snout, so is a fair woman which is without discretion. 
The desi
70, 
In the first month, that is, the month Nisan, in the twelfth year of
83,hall tremble: the sun and the moon shall be dark, and the stars shall withdraw thei
90,evour them, because of their own counsels. 
And my people are bent to backsliding from me:
92,lon, saying, 
Come up unto me, and help me, that we may smite Gibeon: for it hath made peace
74,esh; and he went up with ten thousand men at his feet: and Deborah went up
90,gth unto all. 
Now therefore, our God, we thank thee, and praise thy glorious name. 
But w
74,hearken, ye people: let the earth hear, and all that is therein; the world
67,eaia his son, Baal his son, 
Beerah his son, whom Tilgathpilneser k
82,he charge of the killing of the passovers for every one that was not clean, to san
94,ore Israel. 
And the men of Israel went out of Mizpeh, and pursued the Philistines, and smote 
80, had gathered much had nothing over; and he that had gathered little had no lack
80,hall be cut off from Israel: because the water of separation was not sprinkled u
76,aid unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the salvation of the 
89,taken ought of any man's hand. 
And he said unto them, The LORD is witness against you, a
72,e the sons of the Levites after the house of their fathers. 
These likew
82,n the townclerk had appeased the people, he said, Ye men of Ephesus, what man is t
94,that is wrought under the sun is grievous unto me: for all is vanity and vexation of spirit. 

96,mament that was above the head of the cherubims there appeared over them as it were a sapphire s
86, to his companion. And the Philistines came up, and burnt her and her father with fire
65,shall shake at my presence, and the mountains shall be thrown dow
81,o you, Ye shall not have gone over the cities of Israel, till the Son of man be c
69,rtain Jew named Aquila, born in Pontus, lately come from Italy, with 
95,of the field of Edom, the earth trembled, and the heavens dropped, the clouds also dropped wate
67, no prophet, neither was I a prophet's son; but I was an herdman, a
85,emple. 
By terrible things in righteousness wilt thou answer us, O God of our salvati
80,ry glad. 
And let that man be as the cities which the LORD overthrew, and repent
90,eshimon. 
And Israel sent messengers unto Sihon king of the Amorites, saying, 
Let me pass
93,, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God. 
Give none offence, neither to the Jews, n
79,e a sign unto us. 
And both of them discovered themselves unto the garrison of 
82,it. 
For to be carnally minded is death; but to be spiritually minded is life and 
81, there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth. 
Then shall the kingdom of heaven 
64,ins, how he might betray him unto them. 
And they were glad, and
70,men of the tower of Shechem were gathered together. 
And Abimelech gat
66,ring unto the LORD. 
And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings o
88, according to all that the priests the Levites shall teach you: as I commanded them, so 
89, your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again and re
91,t, from the house of bondage; 
Who led thee through that great and terrible wilderness, whe
65,bide not in her house: 
Now is she without, now in the streets, a
68,be redeemed again; one of his brethren may redeem him: 
Either his u
70, kiss him. 
But Jesus said unto him, Judas, betrayest thou the Son of 
64,of Azur, and Pelatiah the son of Benaiah, princes of the people.
91, Mattaniah, which was over the thanksgiving, he and his brethren. 
Also Bakbukiah and Unni,
80,rlot in this place. 
And Judah said, Let her take it to her, lest we be shamed: 
93, which was clothed in purple and fine linen, and fared sumptuously every day: 
And there was 
73,he Netophathites, Ataroth, the house of Joab, and half of the Manahethite
83,u didst walk through the sea with thine horses, through the heap of great waters. 

80,chonias begat Salathiel; and Salathiel begat Zorobabel; 
And Zorobabel begat Abi
68, smote the javelin into the wall: and David fled, and escaped that n
79, he lifted up his hand against them, to overthrow them in the wilderness: 
To o
77,nto prison, charging the jailor to keep them safely: 
Who, having received su
70, peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God, and of Jes
77,he way of the wilderness of the Red sea: and the children of Israel went up h
65,en take five shekels apiece by the poll, after the shekel of the 
89,onous, and a winebibber, a friend of publicans and sinners. But wisdom is justified of he
80,r brother, and said, There is one tribe cut off from Israel this day. 
How shall
92,stines heard the noise of the shout, they said, What meaneth the noise of this great shout i
80,e went to prayer, a certain damsel possessed with a spirit of divination met us,
72,ken good concerning Israel. 
And he said unto him, I will not go; but I 
72, Light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world. 
He was in 
92,imself about from them, and wept; and returned to them again, and communed with them, and to
81,ou, who have begun before, not only to do, but also to be forward a year ago. 
No
73,on, and said unto them, Ye take too much upon you, seeing all the congreg
94,man from that day forth ask him any more questions. 
Then spake Jesus to the multitude, and to
83,ver against the separate place which was behind it, and the galleries thereof on th
79,ain, and great hailstones, fire, and brimstone. 
Thus will I magnify myself, an
81,e; 
And from Jesus Christ, who is the faithful witness, and the first begotten of
68,the land of Egypt, and the LORD brought an east wind upon the land a
85,s that were in the fields, came to Gedaliah to Mizpah, 
And said unto him, Dost thou 
73,o they sat down with him upon the ground seven days and seven nights, and
73, which it was borne up, of the one with his right hand, and of the other 
71,er people nor her kindred: for Mordecai had charged her that she should
68,ther is old, and there is not a man in the earth to come in unto us 
85,all ye that love her: rejoice for joy with her, all ye that mourn for her: 
That ye m
83, as they required. And they spoiled the Egyptians. 
And the children of Israel jour
77,ore them like two little flocks of kids; but the Syrians filled the country. 
78,nd seven years. 
And the time drew nigh that Israel must die: and he called hi
89,: 
But my mercy shall not depart away from him, as I took it from Saul, whom I put away b
91,ot a doer of the law, but a judge. 
There is one lawgiver, who is able to save and to destr
96, 
And he said, Oh let not the LORD be angry, and I will speak yet but this once: Peradventure te
96,n and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not b
76,ake the dishes thereof, and spoons thereof, and covers thereof, and bowls th
96,t not prosper in thy ways: and thou shalt be only oppressed and spoiled evermore, and no man sha
77,e evil that I thought to do unto them. 
And at what instant I shall speak con
83,pon her all this law. 
Then shall the man be guiltless from iniquity, and this woma
93,re vanity, the work of errors: in the time of their visitation they shall perish. 
The portio
74,onites. 
And the name of the Midianitish woman that was slain was Cozbi, t
91,elites, and to them which were in the cities of the Kenites, 
And to them which were in Hor
87,f are at the sea. 
So the children of Joseph, Manasseh and Ephraim, took their inherita
85,ffering of Pagiel the son of Ocran. 
On the twelfth day Ahira the son of Enan, prince
75,all be satisfied therewith: and I will no more make you a reproach among th
85,ught unto you, ye shall say, The Lord hath need of them; and straightway he will send
92,mes of the tribes of their fathers they shall inherit. 
According to the lot shall the posse
73, vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.
64,ll there, and satyrs shall dance there. 
And the wild beasts of 
96,and the ark of the covenant of the LORD followed them. 
And the armed men went before the priest
85,rofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not one. 
Their throat is an open sepul
78, and prayed, and laid his hands on him, and healed him. 
So when this was done
87,: and the outgoings thereof are in the valley of Jiphthahel: 
And Kattath, and Nahallal
70,ass after many days, that the word of the LORD came to Elijah in the t
77, no darkness at all. 
If we say that we have fellowship with him, and walk in
96,eak with him, then he heard the voice of one speaking unto him from off the mercy seat that was 
68,when he was baptized, he continued with Philip, and wondered, behold
64,l not be put to death, because she was not free. 
And he shall b
70, every one that eateth it shall bear his iniquity, because he hath pro
65,enter into life with one eye, rather than having two eyes to be c
85,he wicked shall destroy them; because they refuse to do judgment. 
The way of man is 
70,ng appoint officers in all the provinces of his kingdom, that they may
96,en it, nor the fierce lion passed by it. 
He putteth forth his hand upon the rock; he overturnet
65,on the other side Jordan; 
Because the daughters of Manasseh had 
86,riest with Urim and with Thummim. 
The whole congregation together was forty and two t
94,shall any ways make them void after that he hath heard them; then he shall bear her iniquity. 
72,are exceedingly filled with contempt. 
Our soul is exceedingly filled wi
91,and ye know in all your hearts and in all your souls, that not one thing hath failed of all
67,; and every eye shall see him, and they also which pierced him: and
67,r they are confounded, for they are brought unto shame, that seek m
95,to pass, when thy days be expired that thou must go to be with thy fathers, that I will raise u
65,e free gift is of many offences unto justification. 
For if by on
93,iples prayed him, saying, Master, eat. 
But he said unto them, I have meat to eat that ye kno
91, am reproved. 
And the LORD answered me, and said, Write the vision, and make it plain upon
87,thee with joyful lips: 
When I remember thee upon my bed, and meditate on thee in the n
82,on five trees: and they were hanging upon the trees until the evening. 
And it cam
78, them that were hanged. 
And the bones of Saul and Jonathan his son buried the
91,or beast. 
Moreover, when ye shall divide by lot the land for inheritance, ye shall offer a
70,
For every one of the house of Israel, or of the stranger that sojourn
74,Spirit, hath sent me. 
Thus saith the LORD, thy Redeemer, the Holy One of 
91, day of the ninth month, even from the day that the foundation of the LORD's temple was lai
64,eft. 
And he shall say, Where are their gods, their rock in whom
80,ther place be forsaken? 
Because my people hath forgotten me, they have burned i
93,was right in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the ways of David his father, and declined 
87,hypocrites, as it is written, This people honoureth me with their lips, but their heart
95,o. 
My brethren, be not many masters, knowing that we shall receive the greater condemnation. 

65, out of the land of Egypt. 
And Solomon stood before the altar of
86,ters, to carry him to Babylon. 
Nebuchadnezzar also carried of the vessels of the hous
96,ncerning the kingdom; but they could find none occasion nor fault; forasmuch as he was faithful,
95,them, and will make of thee a greater nation and mightier than they. 
And Moses said unto the L
74,temple, I was in a trance; 
And saw him saying unto me, Make haste, and ge
95,lations. 
And I will bring upon that land all my words which I have pronounced against it, even
68,ecome the head of the corner: 
This was the Lord's doing, and it is 
66,ebanon, as much as thou shalt need: and we will bring it to thee i
81,and shalt see, and shalt read all these words; 
Then shalt thou say, O LORD, thou
64,knowing of whom thou hast learned them; 
And that from a child t
80,rvants. 
The idols of the heathen are silver and gold, the work of men's hands. 
74,
And let them make me a sanctuary; that I may dwell among them. 
According
89,F THE EARTH. 
And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the bloo
76,oversy with Judah, and will punish Jacob according to his ways; according to
67,mandments, alway. 
And know ye this day: for I speak not with your 
65,r thy father, that he hath sent comforters unto thee? are not his
71,reign, and he reigned one year in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was
64,hast defiled thyself in thine idols which thou hast made; and th
69,th a wind from the LORD, and brought quails from the sea, and let the
91,llings. 
It shall be unto you a sabbath of rest, and ye shall afflict your souls: in the ni
75, confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to c
66,all we do unto him? 
And the angel of the LORD said unto Manoah, O
80,ed, through the pride of his countenance, will not seek after God: God is not in
86, you continue following the LORD your God: 
But if ye will not obey the voice of the L
74,place was called, The valley of Berachah, unto this day. 
Then they return
73,hee. 
And he said unto them, Depart yet for three days, then come again t
86,an sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven. 
Then the h
84,hem in Dothan. 
And when they saw him afar off, even before he came near unto them, 
86,tted, he shall die for it. 
Again, when I say unto the wicked, Thou shalt surely die; 
91,s; 
And a third part shall be at the king's house; and a third part at the gate of the foun
73,polluted with their idols. 
Thou hast walked in the way of thy sister; th
95,file the man. 
For out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, t
81, of Jeroboam the son of Nebat. 
Him that dieth of Baasha in the city shall the do
82,worshipped God, 
Saying, Amen: Blessing, and glory, and wisdom, and thanksgiving, 
90,e coupled beneath, and coupled together at the head thereof, to one ring: thus he did to b
95, I love them exceedingly. 
I have kept thy precepts and thy testimonies: for all my ways are be
69,ain. 
And they shall not take of thee a stone for a corner, nor a sto
81,on the morrow, behold, Dagon was fallen upon his face to the earth before the ark
95,all he greatly multiply to himself silver and gold. 
And it shall be, when he sitteth upon the 
83,l go down with thee into Egypt; and I will also surely bring thee up again: and Jos
92,. 
These are they that were numbered by Moses and Eleazar the priest, who numbered the child
64,people, and prayed to God alway. 
He saw in a vision evidently a
75, thy God shall choose to place his name in, there thou shalt sacrifice the 
91,d married an Ethiopian woman. 
And they said, Hath the LORD indeed spoken only by Moses? ha
85, in their mouths, 
The wrath of God came upon them, and slew the fattest of them, and
89,hed at Ijeabarim, in the wilderness which is before Moab, toward the sunrising. 
From the
79,l for the multitude of Egypt, and cast them down, even her, and the daughters o
71, their visitation. 
The voice of them that flee and escape out of the l
81,LORD this day to be thy God, and to walk in his ways, and to keep his statutes, a
79,im. 
Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, called to be an apostle, separated unto t
69,s. 
For the which cause I also suffer these things: nevertheless I am
76, that worship and that swear by the LORD, and that swear by Malcham; 
And th
73,y: the dumb ass speaking with man's voice forbad the madness of the proph
91,d were over them that were numbered, offered: 
And they brought their offering before the L
65,ves also are found sinners, is therefore Christ the minister of s
79,h the tender grape give a good smell. Arise, my love, my fair one, and come awa
68,evil. 
And we have confidence in the Lord touching you, that ye both
74,
My soul is weary of my life; I will leave my complaint upon myself; I wil
66, prophet unto Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, 
77,efore make confession unto the LORD God of your fathers, and do his pleasure:
88,hings of the Lord, that she may be holy both in body and in spirit: but she that is marr
78,rageous to keep and to do all that is written in the book of the law of Moses,
90,e in the earth. 
And the king said unto Joab, Behold now, I have done this thing: go there
96,down, and riseth not: till the heavens be no more, they shall not awake, nor be raised out of th
77,s, and the spoons, and the censers of pure gold; and the hinges of gold, both
83,im that sent me. 
He that receiveth a prophet in the name of a prophet shall receiv
89,h, saying, Let not thy God, in whom thou trustest, deceive thee, saying, Jerusalem shall 
88,of he saw a woman washing herself; and the woman was very beautiful to look upon. 
And D
90, but is mighty in you. 
For though he was crucified through weakness, yet he liveth by the
70,ll be made fat. 
A righteous man hateth lying: but a wicked man is loa
93,ds, after their nations. 
These are the families of the sons of Noah, after their generations
87,t need: and we will bring it to thee in floats by sea to Joppa; and thou shalt carry it
65,ORD. 
Seek the LORD, and his strength: seek his face evermore. 
R
75,. 
Save us, O LORD our God, and gather us from among the heathen, to give t
67,s returned unto Ai, and smote it with the edge of the sword. 
And s
86,anness of my hands hath he recompensed me. 
For I have kept the ways of the LORD, and 
91,went ye nigh the wall? then say thou, Thy servant Uriah the Hittite is dead also. 
So the m
94,conduit of the upper pool in the highway of the fuller's field; 
And say unto him, Take heed, 
86,ate of the city, and shall declare his cause in the ears of the elders of that city, t
92,nd the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away. 
And the priest shall 
73,ft together unto the fowls of the mountains, and to the beasts of the ear
83,nto thee: but if it seem ill unto thee to come with me into Babylon, forbear: behol
75,ven unto thine enemies, and thou shalt have none to rescue them. 
Thy sons 
96, in the oven, and all that is dressed in the fryingpan, and in the pan, shall be the priest's th
91,r of the judgment: and whosoever shall say to his brother, Raca, shall be in danger of the 
96, mine eyes have seen thy salvation, 
Which thou hast prepared before the face of all people; 
A 
88, 
And the coney, because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the hoof; he is unclean un
84,ilderness! 
And wherefore hath the LORD brought us unto this land, to fall by the sw
85,eaven was shut up three years and six months, when great famine was throughout all th
88,rip thee also of thy clothes, and shall take thy fair jewels, and leave thee naked and b
84,be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves. 
For if an
81,d with knowledge among you? let him shew out of a good conversation his works wit
76, 
If others be partakers of this power over you, are not we rather? Neverthe
94,l heard those words of the Philistine, they were dismayed, and greatly afraid. 
Now David was 
74,d said unto them, It is too much for you to go up to Jerusalem: behold thy
96,g the branches. 
He watereth the hills from his chambers: the earth is satisfied with the fruit 
67,on the young men, and they are dead; and I only am escaped alone to
83,mmanded to bring the book of records of the chronicles; and they were read before t
91,od, and plead my cause against an ungodly nation: O deliver me from the deceitful and unjus
81,n: nothing shall be left, saith the LORD. 
And of thy sons that shall issue from 
85,day, after so long a time; as it is said, To day if ye will hear his voice, harden no
71,ke unto the sons of Heth, saying, 
I am a stranger and a sojourner with
66,nquering, and to conquer. 
And when he had opened the second seal,
64, an hand breadth round about, and thou shalt make a golden crown
86,sgressed my covenant which I commanded them: for they have even taken of the accursed 
74,nes, though I do them a displeasure. 
And Samson went and caught three hun
64,led, in the which he separateth himself unto the LORD, he shall 
84,ck ye at my sacrifice and at mine offering, which I have commanded in my habitation;
70,ve offering of the LORD, of all the best thereof, even the hallowed pa
71,ed after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years, and begat sons and da
73,. 
So he measured the court, an hundred cubits long, and an hundred cubit
64, part nor inheritance with thee,) and the stranger, and the fath
87,in; he multiplieth words without knowledge. 
Elihu also proceeded, and said, 
Suffer me
89,t and be satisfied; that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all the work of thine hand wh
66,e a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, s
65,f itself: thou shalt give it unto the stranger that is in thy gat
85,there shall be a root of Jesse, which shall stand for an ensign of the people; to it 
66,ouse of the LORD by the hand of the priests the Levites, whom Davi
96,hardened his spirit, and made his heart obstinate, that he might deliver him into thy hand, as a
73,e prophets and the unclean spirit to pass out of the land. 
And it shall 
88,ns. 
And I will cast thee out, and thy mother that bare thee, into another country, wher
90,d were porters; and four thousand praised the LORD with the instruments which I made, said
75, a full end of thee: but I will correct thee in measure, and will not leave
94, from the cities of Judah, and from the places about Jerusalem, and from the land of Benjamin,
93,ce to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ. 
I thank my God, making 
95,d in his holy place? 
He that hath clean hands, and a pure heart; who hath not lifted up his so
72, the desires of the flesh and of the mind; and were by nature the childr
78, 
And Joshua made him sharp knives, and circumcised the children of Israel at 
80, and with thy honour all the day. 
Cast me not off in the time of old age; forsa
75,m by fifty in a cave, and fed them with bread and water.) 
And Ahab said un
75,ive none occasion to the adversary to speak reproachfully. 
For some are al
72,near unto the altar of the LORD thy God, which thou shalt make thee. 
Ne
81,he Levites, and have the oversight of them that keep the charge of the sanctuary.
85,e heart do they speak. 
The LORD shall cut off all flattering lips, and the tongue th
72,lieved on him, and said, When Christ cometh, will he do more miracles th
65, minister unto me in the priest's office. 
And they shall take go
81, in your vessels, and carry down the man a present, a little balm, and a little h
81,the firstborn son of Esau; duke Teman, duke Omar, duke Zepho, duke Kenaz, 
Duke K
70,e let all the house of Israel know assuredly, that God hath made the s
74,ght return from the country of Moab: for she had heard in the country of M
80,t against him on every side from the provinces, and spread their net over him: h
66, with the young man, even with Absalom. And all the people heard w
69,they shall tell thee, thou shalt do: thou shalt not decline from the 
85,put his hand to the plough, and looking back, is fit for the kingdom of God. 
After t
84,and maketh known to the king Nebuchadnezzar what shall be in the latter days. Thy dr
69,ed is an abomination to the LORD: but the prayer of the upright is hi
74,eft of the meat offering shall be Aaron's and his sons': it is a thing mos
92,arks: walk in the light of your fire, and in the sparks that ye have kindled. This shall ye 
82,carcase shall be unclean. 
And if any part of their carcase fall upon any sowing s
71,, and who is Apollos, but ministers by whom ye believed, even as the Lo
78,these were they thy merchants. 
The merchants of Sheba and Raamah, they were t
86,y, when he is come from the field, Go and sit down to meat? 
And will not rather say u
96,r, I pray you, all people, and behold my sorrow: my virgins and my young men are gone into capti
87,him much that he would not send them away out of the country. 
Now there was there nigh
83,u givest them their meat in due season. 
Thou openest thine hand, and satisfiest th
67, the LORD our God hath commanded you? 
Then thou shalt say unto thy
71, far off, and my salvation shall not tarry: and I will place salvation 
89,swered? and, What hath the LORD spoken? 
And the burden of the LORD shall ye mention no m
83,iel. 
And they gathered their brethren, and sanctified themselves, and came, accord
95, he whom God hath sent speaketh the words of God: for God giveth not the Spirit by measure unto
78,ehold, Rebekah came out, who was born to Bethuel, son of Milcah, the wife of N
64, LORD shall choose in one of thy tribes, there thou shalt offer 
75,ause I know thee to be expert in all customs and questions which are among 
79,among this people, that thou LORD art seen face to face, and that thy cloud sta
74, them. 
And devils also came out of many, crying out, and saying, Thou art
84,by number of names by their polls, that did the work for the service of the house of
90,of the servants, and said, Behold, I have seen a son of Jesse the Bethlehemite, that is cu
85,the people. 
And when he was in the gate of Benjamin, a captain of the ward was there
76,I have made touching the king: my tongue is the pen of a ready writer. 
Thou
92,e fatherless, when I saw my help in the gate: 
Then let mine arm fall from my shoulder blade
73,tes have sent to let you go: now therefore depart, and go in peace. 
But 
93,rdonyx; the sixth, sardius; the seventh, chrysolyte; the eighth, beryl; the ninth, a topaz; t
64,the streams in the south. 
They that sow in tears shall reap in 
88,us declare in Zion the work of the LORD our God. 
Make bright the arrows; gather the shi
65,of life; thou shalt make me full of joy with thy countenance. 
Me
86,e unto you, Pharisees! for ye love the uppermost seats in the synagogues, and greeting
86,n it. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will also destroy the idols, and I will cause their 
66,ll he turn to the Lord their God. 
And he shall go before him in t
79,commanded; 
And it be told thee, and thou hast heard of it, and enquired dilige
91,eaders and captains in the camp of the king of Assyria. So he returned with shame of face t
66,the king said unto me, (the queen also sitting by him,) For how lo
79,lover of David. 
And Solomon sent to Hiram, saying, 
Thou knowest how that Davi
86, unto the cry and the prayer which thy servant prayeth before thee: 
That thine eyes m
85,nd his life shall be unto him for a prey. 
For I have set my face against this city f
76,d ye shall find them at the end of the brook, before the wilderness of Jerue
94,selves like men, O ye Philistines, that ye be not servants unto the Hebrews, as they have been
78,. 
Him that is weak in the faith receive ye, but not to doubtful disputations.
96,the congregation, for a memorial for the children of Israel before the LORD. 
Now the children o
78, against thee. 
And he shall set engines of war against thy walls, and with hi
94,o meet me: and whatsoever he sheweth me I will tell thee. And he went to an high place. 
And G
75, tender grass of the field; and let it be wet with the dew of heaven, and l
90, stone at her. 
And again he stooped down, and wrote on the ground. 
And they which heard 
68,and of the Gershonites; Joah the son of Zimmah, and Eden the son of 
94,ames, and John the brother of James. 
And he cometh to the house of the ruler of the synagogue
73,s brought to thee; because God hath dealt graciously with me, and because
73,where she is nourished for a time, and times, and half a time, from the f
67,on the sea, they were troubled, saying, It is a spirit; and they cr
71,at turneth aside by the flocks of thy companions? 
If thou know not, O 
89,uly; he is just, he shall surely live, saith the Lord GOD. 
If he beget a son that is a r
89, matter. 
And they made an end with all the men that had taken strange wives by the first
75,nd I am gone: and mine hope hath he removed like a tree. 
He hath also kind
86,ne hand upon Judah, and upon all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off the 
76,art thou cut off!) would they not have stolen till they had enough? if the g
66,D hath laid upon it; 
And that the whole land thereof is brimstone
73,e numbered thereof, were fifty and seven thousand and four hundred. 
All 
68,rael; 
Ought ye not to know that the LORD God of Israel gave the kin
80,sts, the LORD, saith thus; Wailing shall be in all streets; and they shall say i
82,the Philistines, the remnant of the country of Caphtor. 
Baldness is come upon Gaz
86,e divided toward the four winds of heaven; and not to his posterity, nor according to 
68,ng to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not. 
Then a
67,r as the stones of the brooks. 
Yea, the Almighty shall be thy defe
71,m to do good. 
Forasmuch as there is none like unto thee, O LORD; thou 
69,for the land that thou gavest unto our fathers to eat the fruit there
94,en he was accused of the chief priests and elders, he answered nothing. 
Then said Pilate unto
73, shall the people curse, nations shall abhor him: 
But to them that rebuk
64,rink. 
For the LORD hath poured out upon you the spirit of deep 
69, he hath seen or known of it; if he do not utter it, then he shall be
70,ording to all that proceedeth out of his mouth. 
If a woman also vow a
70,ied before him, Bow the knee: and he made him ruler over all the land 
69,e people, rulers of thousands, rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties,
68,l extol thee, my God, O king; and I will bless thy name for ever and
65,of Ethiopia. 
And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that i
67,make their nests: as for the stork, the fir trees are her house. 
T
69,d carry him back to Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the k
95,ere come hither, without any delay on the morrow I sat on the judgment seat, and commanded the 
85,Nevertheless they shall be his servants; that they may know my service, and the servi
85, son? is he a pleasant child? for since I spake against him, I do earnestly remember 
70,neth; 
I know thy works: behold, I have set before thee an open door, 
73,d eight; Obededom also the son of Jeduthun and Hosah to be porters: 
And 
85,ered up his only begotten son, 
Of whom it was said, That in Isaac shall thy seed be 
83,ith abominations provoked they him to anger. 
They sacrificed unto devils, not to G
96,they shall be safe in their land, and shall know that I am the LORD, when I have broken the band
68,ng the heathen whither they come; and they shall know that I am the 
69,g to the promise. 
Now I say, That the heir, as long as he is a child
75,aham for a possession in the presence of the children of Heth, before all t
88, a cloud received him out of their sight. 
And while they looked stedfastly toward heave
83,ame unto him delicately. And Agag said, Surely the bitterness of death is past. 
An
65, took their lamps, and took no oil with them: 
But the wise took 
74,od of the Moabites, and Milcom the god of the children of Ammon, and have 
77,any question. 
And Jesus answered and said, while he taught in the temple, Ho
78, is a trespass offering: he hath certainly trespassed against the LORD. 
And t
71,w them. 
And he sought Ahaziah: and they caught him, (for he was hid in
92,of your fathers, and carry forth the filthiness out of the holy place. 
For our fathers have
90, living soul died in the sea. 
And the third angel poured out his vial upon the rivers and
76,offerings unto the LORD, on the morrow after that day, even a thousand bullo
80,ger shall sojourn with thee, and will keep the passover to the LORD, let all his
96,blood of the men that went in jeopardy of their lives? therefore he would not drink it. These th
85,necks of them that are slain, of the wicked, whose day is come, when their iniquity s
82,d, which Nebuchadnezzar took forth out of the temple which is at Jerusalem, and br
76,o is a strong LORD like unto thee? or to thy faithfulness round about thee? 
68, and all that followed the droves, saying, On this manner shall ye s
73,for all shall know me, from the least to the greatest. 
For I will be mer
91,n you, and judge; because ye have made our savour to be abhorred in the eyes of Pharaoh, an
75,to Tarsus, for to seek Saul: 
And when he had found him, he brought him unt
79,ight: they shall lay their hand upon their mouth, their ears shall be deaf. 
Th
76,id unto them, Whosoever shall receive this child in my name receiveth me: an
87,ast thou gathered thy company to take a prey? to carry away silver and gold, to take aw
94,y baskets ye took up? 
Neither the seven loaves of the four thousand, and how many baskets ye 
93,LORD God of Israel, as king Cyrus the king of Persia hath commanded us. 
Then the people of t
83,uel was laid down to sleep; 
That the LORD called Samuel: and he answered, Here am 
66, the son of Michael. 
Of the tribe of Naphtali, Nahbi the son of V
69,ses. 
And men shall dwell in it, and there shall be no more utter des
80,ord shall enter into their own heart, and their bows shall be broken. 
A little 
65, hastily unto the young man his armourbearer, and said unto him, 
81,have sinned this time: the LORD is righteous, and I and my people are wicked. 
In
94, lewdness in the sight of her lovers, and none shall deliver her out of mine hand. 
I will als
79,t of Christ. 
For it is written, As I live, saith the Lord, every knee shall bo
74,hee; he will be with thee, he will not fail thee, neither forsake thee: fe
78,, which I have commanded in my habitation; and honourest thy sons above me, to
77,d Moses sent them to the war, a thousand of every tribe, them and Phinehas th
74, giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it: 
Only if thou carefully hea
87,thers' bosom. 
What thing shall I take to witness for thee? what thing shall I liken to
70,ne; and such as are for the captivity, to the captivity. 
And I will a
82,ake heed to their way to walk in my law, as thou hast walked before me. 
Now then,
69,have seen thine adulteries, and thy neighings, the lewdness of thy wh
72,he presence of the children of Israel. 
And all Israel, and their elders
69,sseh, with all manner of instruments of war for the battle, an hundre
71,e selfsame day, as God had said unto him. 
And Abraham was ninety years
66, country of Judaea. 
And all they that heard them laid them up in 
84,joice, when thy lips speak right things. 
Let not thine heart envy sinners: but be t
84,per; for he was cut off from the house of the LORD: and Jotham his son was over the 
73,Can the children of the bridechamber mourn, as long as the bridegroom is 
85, bright clouds, and give them showers of rain, to every one grass in the field. 
For 
74,ee to hear it with thine ears? 
In that day shall thy mouth be opened to h
70,ll not offend any more: 
That which I see not teach thou me: if I have
90, and ashes. 
But it shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the judgment, than for y
74,of the forces that were with him, all the remnant of the people whom he ha
79,answer this people? 
And they spake unto him, saying, If thou wilt be a servant
95,piece: and a line of twelve cubits did compass either of them about. 
And he made two chapiters
80,ve curtains by themselves, and six curtains by themselves. 
And he made fifty lo
65, of hosts, and I will burn her chariots in the smoke, and the swo
73,iest. 
And Bezaleel the son Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah, m
65,year with the blood of the sin offering of atonements: once in th
86,wenty. 
I smote you with blasting and with mildew and with hail in all the labours of 
84,st any person to cause him to die. 
Moreover ye shall take no satisfaction for the l
86,good in the sight of the LORD: that it may be well with thee, and that thou mayest go 
88,ven them out of the tribe of Reuben, Bezer in the wilderness with her suburbs, and Jahza
71,rom thy filthiness any more, till I have caused my fury to rest upon th
77,g things, and of fishes. 
And there came of all people to hear the wisdom of 
75, poor is separated from his neighbour. 
A false witness shall not be unpuni
66,to God: and God healed Abimelech, and his wife, and his maidservan
96, and walk by the way. 
They that are delivered from the noise of archers in the places of drawin
81,to them, Go in peace: before the LORD is your way wherein ye go. 
Then the five m
93, trumpet; and all the people said, God save king Solomon. 
And all the people came up after h
75, thee sweet spices, stacte, and onycha, and galbanum; these sweet spices wi
80,h commit such things. 
And thinkest thou this, O man, that judgest them which do
67, day of thy power, in the beauties of holiness from the womb of the
76,e nations shall see and be confounded at all their might: they shall lay the
70,l of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity; whisperers, 
Backbiters,
68,ple, and I will speak; O Israel, and I will testify against thee: I 
73,prey: and the LORD saw it, and it displeased him that there was no judgme
64,nd iniquity stoppeth her mouth. 
Behold, happy is the man whom G
86,lood thereof, shall ye not eat. 
And surely your blood of your lives will I require; a
75, made thee a god to Pharaoh: and Aaron thy brother shall be thy prophet. 
T
82,t they be no gods, which are made with hands: 
So that not only this our craft is 
84,ng which he alloweth. 
And he that doubteth is damned if he eat, because he eateth n
87,e and supplication for all saints; 
And for me, that utterance may be given unto me, th
65,out the camp. 
Wherefore Jesus also, that he might sanctify the p
96,an offering of the holy things. 
But if the priest's daughter be a widow, or divorced, and have 
84,en of Israel in the land of Canaan. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses in the plains of 
70, the houses of God in possession. 
O my God, make them like a wheel; a
80,iours, who saved them out of the hand of their enemies. 
But after they had rest
91,e to Keilah against the armies of the Philistines? 
Then David enquired of the LORD yet aga
72,were a new song before the throne, and before the four beasts, and the e
92,quity of my heels shall compass me about? 
They that trust in their wealth, and boast themse
89,: come not at your wives. 
And it came to pass on the third day in the morning, that ther
70,arrows, and death, 
So is the man that deceiveth his neighbour, and sa
68,nd she saw a well of water; and she went, and filled the bottle with
90,rds. And in the dungeon there was no water, but mire: so Jeremiah sunk in the mire. 
Now w
93,nity, and poured their whoredom upon her. 
Wherefore I have delivered her into the hand of he
65,n whose eyes a vile person is contemned; but he honoureth them th
64,wo mites. 
And he said, Of a truth I say unto you, that this poo
96,h they offer as an heave offering unto the LORD, I have given to the Levites to inherit: therefo
93, be builded, the place where they offered sacrifices, and let the foundations thereof be stro
89, let Satan stand at his right hand. 
When he shall be judged, let him be condemned: and l
68,of Israel went out of Mizpeh, and pursued the Philistines, and smote
77,ine arm fall from my shoulder blade, and mine arm be broken from the bone. 
F
68,e inhabitants of Jerusalem did according to the covenant of God, the
76,w therefore stand still, that I may reason with you before the LORD of all t
70,y land, which thou hast given to thy people for an inheritance. 
If th
87, 
Let not my lord, I pray thee, regard this man of Belial, even Nabal: for as his name 
72,Mishal with her suburbs, Abdon with her suburbs, 
Helkath with her subur
82,ticks, and laid them on the fire, there came a viper out of the heat, and fastened
86,ll send a blast upon him, and he shall hear a rumour, and return to his own land; and 
90,d in the camp of Judah were an hundred thousand and fourscore thousand and six thousand an
85,these men. 
For before these days rose up Theudas, boasting himself to be somebody; t
65,e it in those days,) saying, Shall I yet again go out to battle a
80,h; and the cock crew. 
And a maid saw him again, and began to say to them that s
80,ught to Samaria; and they buried the king in Samaria. 
And one washed the chario
92,he will never see it. 
Arise, O LORD; O God, lift up thine hand: forget not the humble. 
Whe
86,written, This people honoureth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me. 
Ho
70,ls were lifted up over against them: for the spirit of the living crea
82,crying out, and saying, Thou art Christ the Son of God. And he rebuking them suffe
72,blood, and to smite the earth with all plagues, as often as they will. 

83,ss of the LORD, that I die not: 
But also thou shalt not cut off thy kindness from 
66,t ye have not obeyed the voice of the LORD your God, nor any thing
70,hall be accepted for an offering made by fire unto the LORD. 
And whet
67,thine hand wide unto thy brother, to thy poor, and to thy needy, in
85, entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love
96, to Jehoiarib, the second to Jedaiah, 
The third to Harim, the fourth to Seorim, 
The fifth to M
73,ion. 
Woe unto you that are full! for ye shall hunger. Woe unto you that 
68, assay to commune with thee, wilt thou be grieved? but who can withh
69,h was for to come. 
He that hath ears to hear, let him hear. 
But whe
71,ts, Wickedness proceedeth from the wicked: but mine hand shall not be u
92,ers thereof roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof. Sela
92,so the Son of man suffer of them. 
Then the disciples understood that he spake unto them of 
96,om in the sight of Pharaoh king of Egypt; and he made him governor over Egypt and all his house.
82,ystery of Christ) 
Which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men, as
70,he Hivites, and of the Canaanites: and they went out to the south of J
76,ts of vengeance for clothing, and was clad with zeal as a cloak. 
According 
69,l be when the LORD shall bring thee into the land of the Canaanites, 
96,hereof cometh envy, strife, railings, evil surmisings, 
Perverse disputings of men of corrupt mi
86,day that he will not slay his servant with the sword. 
And Solomon said, If he will sh
96,atch over their cities: every one that goeth out thence shall be torn in pieces: because their t
89,ength, and glory. 
And wheresoever the children of men dwell, the beasts of the field and
85,his pillars, and their sockets, and the hanging for the door of the court, 
The pins 
80,seiah the priest, saying, 
Enquire, I pray thee, of the LORD for us; for Nebucha
72,d I will make my covenant between me and thee, and will multiply thee ex
75,giveth thee, and thou succeedest them, and dwellest in their cities, and in
70,he son of Zadok the priest, 
Elihoreph and Ahiah, the sons of Shisha, 
79,sness prosperous. 
Though thy beginning was small, yet thy latter end should gr
86,And Johanan begat Azariah, (he it is that executed the priest's office in the temple t
94,the spirit of Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and the spirit of Joshua the
94,said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, that thou hast hid these things from t
95,x troubles: yea, in seven there shall no evil touch thee. 
In famine he shall redeem thee from 
90,Israel, saying, God will surely visit you; and ye shall carry up my bones away hence with 
83, 
Mary Magdalene came and told the disciples that she had seen the LORD, and that h
74, more work for the offering of the sanctuary. So the people were restraine
87,re hath the curse devoured the earth, and they that dwell therein are desolate: therefo
78,he half part of Bethzur, unto the place over against the sepulchres of David, 
71,bread, until the one and twentieth day of the month at even. 
Seven day
77, and utterly destroyed all the souls that were therein; he left none remainin
90,right before the king, and I be pleasing in his eyes, let it be written to reverse the let
72,ainst me, let him accept an offering: but if they be the children of men
66,astaway. 
Moreover, brethren, I would not that ye should be ignora
70,ue of your pastures? and to have drunk of the deep waters, but ye must
74,e of the LORD. 
For there are set thrones of judgment, the thrones of the 
95, his wonders among all people. 
For the LORD is great, and greatly to be praised: he is to be f
64, gathered all the congregation against them unto the door of the
74,s drink. 
The Lord GOD hath sworn by his holiness, that, lo, the days shal
65,hem; but shall stay upon the LORD, the Holy One of Israel, in tru
92,mourneth by reason of affliction: LORD, I have called daily upon thee, I have stretched out 
88, of Simeon had their inheritance within the inheritance of them. 
And the third lot came
90, this place, and have burned incense in it unto other gods, whom neither they nor their fa
77, offering, for a sweet savour before the LORD: it is an offering made by fire
91,o her, Touch me not; for I am not yet ascended to my Father: but go to my brethren, and say
72,her did all their family multiply, like to the children of Judah. 
And t
72, our daughters unto you, and we will take your daughters to us, and we w
92,he knew that the most high God ruled in the kingdom of men, and that he appointeth over it w
65,r towns and her villages: 
From Ekron even unto the sea, all that
89,y shall hear of thy great name, and of thy strong hand, and of thy stretched out arm;) wh
75,. 
And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keepi
65,e to help me, mine heart shall be knit unto you: but if ye be com
73,er known, endured with much longsuffering the vessels of wrath fitted to 
65,d of Egypt unto this day, that Pharaoh should have the fifth part
91, their own hearts' lust: and they walked in their own counsels. 
Oh that my people had hear
82,se of Pharez, whom Tamar bare unto Judah, of the seed which the LORD shall give th
83,according to their language. 
And he wrote in the king Ahasuerus' name, and sealed 
91, and bring them unto me. 
And if any man say ought unto you, ye shall say, The Lord hath ne
85,u lay upon him usury. 
If thou at all take thy neighbour's raiment to pledge, thou sh
82, him to be brought into the castle, and bade that he should be examined by scourgi
90, of the high priest: and he sat with the servants, and warmed himself at the fire. 
And th
85,an; of Shebaniah, Joseph; 
Of Harim, Adna; of Meraioth, Helkai; 
Of Iddo, Zechariah; 
88,d there was also a strife among them, which of them should be accounted the greatest. 
A
76,he king of Assyria: and how shall we escape? 
The burden of the desert of th
74,lothing, and was clad with zeal as a cloak. 
According to their deeds, acc
94,l be forgiven him. 
Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may 
70,nemy, because I tell you the truth? 
They zealously affect you, but no
93,ltar, and afterward shall cause the woman to drink the water. 
And when he hath made her to d
91, his shoulder, and said unto the people that were with him, What ye have seen me do, make h
94,nto thy name. 
He is the tower of salvation for his king: and sheweth mercy to his anointed, u
90,tle, and another man take her. 
And the officers shall speak further unto the people, and 
74,hat ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city. 
The lot is cast into th
84,an saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep: from w
87, your sin. 
And Moses returned unto the LORD, and said, Oh, this people have sinned a g
73,ry like a travailing woman; I will destroy and devour at once. 
I will ma
83,itteth adultery, which taketh strangers instead of her husband! 
They give gifts to
95, brother an Hebrew, which hath been sold unto thee; and when he hath served thee six years, tho
64,d left of the poor of the people, which had nothing, in the land
84, the Korhites. 
And Eleazar Aaron's son took him one of the daughters of Putiel to w
74,nto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the 
78,ried among them more than ten days, he went down unto Caesarea; and the next d
81,n his strength: he goeth on to meet the armed men. 
He mocketh at fear, and is no
65,the land of the Chaldeans, and be as the he goats before the floc
95,, and keep his laws. Praise ye the LORD. 
Praise ye the LORD. O give thanks unto the LORD; for 
68,nto mount Sion, which is Hermon, 
And all the plain on this side Jor
82,h dwelt at Kirjatharba, and in the villages thereof, and at Dibon, and in the vill
70,men of his city shall stone him with stones, that he die: so shalt tho
72, affinity with Ahab. 
And after certain years he went down to Ahab to Sa
94,th shouting, to appoint battering rams against the gates, to cast a mount, and to build a fort
92,. 
And a certain scribe came, and said unto him, Master, I will follow thee whithersoever th
68, multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for t
69,ught thy life. 
And Moses took his wife and his sons, and set them up
83,nce of the gospel. 
What then? notwithstanding, every way, whether in pretence, or 
84,ed at his doctrine: 
For he taught them as one having authority, and not as the scri
78,ion of the land shall be for the priests the ministers of the sanctuary, which
64,ike a vessel wherein is no pleasure, saith the LORD. 
They shall
66,eft shall escape. 
And Jacob said, O God of my father Abraham, and
78,on's and Mahlon's, of the hand of Naomi. 
Moreover Ruth the Moabitess, the wif
88,all of the house, six cubits; and the breadth of every side chamber, four cubits, round 
96, them, and deliver them over before their enemies, and they carry them away captives unto a land
68,ual sacrifices, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ. 
Wherefore also i
87, money; for, behold, it was in his sack's mouth. 
And he said unto his brethren, My mon
72,ein thou trustest? 
I say, sayest thou, (but they are but vain words) I 
64, the heathen are dismayed at them. 
For the customs of the peopl
93,my life: how much more now may this Benjamite do it? let him alone, and let him curse; for th
72,believeth. 
For Moses describeth the righteousness which is of the law, 
73, to the land of their possession, whereof they were possessed, according 
95,thine hands. 
Then Job answered and said, 
Even to day is my complaint bitter: my stroke is hea
79,made darkness his secret place; his pavilion round about him were dark waters a
96,st of the fire: ye heard the voice of the words, but saw no similitude; only ye heard a voice. 

77,ween my father and thy father: behold, I have sent unto thee a present of sil
90,old them shall they see; and that which they had not heard shall they consider. 
Who hath 
76,nd thou hast not kept my covenant and my statutes, which I have commanded th
80,aise up their way against me, and encamp round about my tabernacle. 
He hath put
80,ar trees from Lebanon to the sea of Joppa, according to the grant that they had 
93,r over them all. Thou art this head of gold. 
And after thee shall arise another kingdom infe
93,wn to the grave shall come up no more. 
He shall return no more to his house, neither shall h
94, that without ceasing I have remembrance of thee in my prayers night and day; 
Greatly desirin
82,peth, their idols were upon the beasts, and upon the cattle: your carriages were h
68,er daughters, and the captivity of Samaria and her daughters, then w
86, the foundation of this house; his hands shall also finish it; and thou shalt know tha
74,in Aenon near to Salim, because there was much water there: and they came,
86,ans come out thence, till thou hast paid the uttermost farthing. 
Ye have heard that i
88,, neither shall it come to pass. 
For the head of Syria is Damascus, and the head of Dam
86,it lighter unto us; thus shalt thou say unto them, My little finger shall be thicker t
96,hich is Kirjathjearim, and Rabbah; two cities with their villages: 
In the wilderness, Betharaba
83,, whether it be by life, or by death. 
For to me to live is Christ, and to die is g
79,e, that he may do as Esther hath said. So the king and Haman came to the banque
93, ways. 
Yea, surely God will not do wickedly, neither will the Almighty pervert judgment. 
Wh
64,off from among his people. 
Sanctify yourselves therefore, and b
74,day, that it may be an holy convocation unto you: ye shall do no servile w
95, belly to eat, and fill thy bowels with this roll that I give thee. Then did I eat it; and it w
79,eserved for ever. 
For when they speak great swelling words of vanity, they all
72, his feet, until his disease was exceeding great: yet in his disease he 
84,with Israel, to wit, with all the children of Ephraim. 
But if thou wilt go, do it; 
73,hters. And the child Samuel grew before the LORD. 
Now Eli was very old, 
85,ten much; 
If I beheld the sun when it shined, or the moon walking in brightness; 
An
70,ers weights, and divers measures, both of them are alike abomination t
87,ph. 
And their border on the north side was from Jordan; and the border went up to the 
74,ple were distressed,) then the people did hide themselves in caves, and in
81,ere remaineth yet very much land to be possessed. 
This is the land that yet rema
78,ter of Laban his mother's brother, and the sheep of Laban his mother's brother
95,onnets upon them; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And he brought the bullock for the sin offering
96,hat summer is now nigh at hand. 
So likewise ye, when ye see these things come to pass, know ye 
88,the new wine, and upon the oil, and upon that which the ground bringeth forth, and upon 
65, had let the people go, the children of Israel went every man unt
89,ur rereward. 
Behold, my servant shall deal prudently, he shall be exalted and extolled, 
70,, ye men of Shechem, that God may hearken unto you. 
The trees went fo
88,em. 
And David longed, and said, Oh that one would give me drink of the water of the wel
70, in the book of the law to do them. 
But that no man is justified by t
87,nd they tied unto it a lace of blue, to fasten it on high upon the mitre; as the LORD c
82,ols of the house of Israel, pourtrayed upon the wall round about. 
And there stood
64,the east side unto the west side, Simeon shall have a portion. 

79,emoved from me as a shepherd's tent: I have cut off like a weaver my life: he w
84,aron's and his sons': it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by f
67,use me. But his armourbearer would not; for he was sore afraid. The
95,and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke. 
The sun shall be turned into darkness
68,what is that to thee? follow thou me. 
Then went this saying abroad 
74,nd the Levite that is within your gates; forasmuch as he hath no part nor 
82,en ye be gone over Jordan, that ye shall set up these stones, which I command you 
96,hath made in the earth. 
He maketh wars to cease unto the end of the earth; he breaketh the bow,
64,serve them, and to worship them, shall even be as this girdle, w
81, be to thyself, and give thy rewards to another; yet I will read the writing unto
96, life of Pharaoh surely ye are spies. 
And he put them all together into ward three days. 
And J
83,as a proselyte of Antioch: 
Whom they set before the apostles: and when they had pr
79,nd what profit hath he that hath laboured for the wind? 
All his days also he e
82,afely; even by the way that he had not gone with his feet. 
Who hath wrought and d
80,in the Lord, and his mother and mine. 
Salute Asyncritus, Phlegon, Hermas, Patro
85,, and save us, and help us: for all the kings of the Amorites that dwell in the mount
71,n me my hire, because I have given my maiden to my husband: and she cal
86,emove your necks; neither shall ye go haughtily: for this time is evil. 
In that day s
74, Isaac was weaned. 
And Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian, which she
87,rown. 
And he took him a potsherd to scrape himself withal; and he sat down among the a
77,ay to the children of Israel, Whosoever he be of the children of Israel, or o
80, that whosoever shall alter this word, let timber be pulled down from his house,
94,vants, and shaved them, and cut off their garments in the midst hard by their buttocks, and se
80, the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil f
71,e thanks unto the LORD; for he is good; for his mercy endureth for ever
67,rriages with them, and go in unto them, and they to you: 
Know for 
66,roken by the seas in the depths of the waters thy merchandise and 
71,nts to do them, which I command thee this day, to love the LORD thy God
92, be set in the ephod, and in the breastplate. 
And let them make me a sanctuary; that I may 
76,ned to take her, and he turned aside to see the carcase of the lion: and, be
73, son, to betray him; 
Jesus knowing that the Father had given all things 
72,herein your fathers have dwelt; and they shall dwell therein, even they,
72,out of it shall be at the sea. 
And as for the western border, ye shall 
86,these seven ewe lambs shalt thou take of my hand, that they may be a witness unto me, 
79,God for the holy mountain of my God; 
Yea, whiles I was speaking in prayer, eve
95,ty. 
For they shall soon be cut down like the grass, and wither as the green herb. 
Trust in th
75,d, there cometh one after me, whose shoes of his feet I am not worthy to lo
88,read to the wise, nor yet riches to men of understanding, nor yet favour to men of skill
92,alt stone them with stones, till they die. 
At the mouth of two witnesses, or three witnesse
66,captivity, saying, Thus saith the LORD concerning Shemaiah the Neh
66,nifest in our mortal flesh. 
So then death worketh in us, but life
68,t, was six hundred thousand and seventy thousand and five thousand s
88, for masteries, yet is he not crowned, except he strive lawfully. 
The husbandman that l
80,ary of the Lord? 
The young and the old lie on the ground in the streets: my vir
66,at I might gain them that are without law. 
To the weak became I a
90, had turned in unto her into the tent, she covered him with a mantle. 
And he said unto he
92,shall abide in it unto the death of the high priest, which was anointed with the holy oil. 

87,ill cover thee with my hand while I pass by: 
And I will take away mine hand, and thou 
93, sea, and perished in the waters. 
And they that kept them fled, and went their ways into the
81, rose, and revived, that he might be Lord both of the dead and living. 
But why d
86, foolish questions, and genealogies, and contentions, and strivings about the law; for
68,ering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and 
91,shake at the sound of thy fall, when the wounded cry, when the slaughter is made in the mid
69,ll not dwell within my house: he that telleth lies shall not tarry in
95,ive cubits high; and in the Egyptian's hand was a spear like a weaver's beam; and he went down 
83,, and goeth out to Cabul on the left hand, 
And Hebron, and Rehob, and Hammon, and 
73,ries' art: and they made a very great burning for him. 
And Jehoshaphat h
65,; yet leave the stump of the roots thereof in the earth, even wit
64, shall be praised. 
Give her of the fruit of her hands; and let 
79,ld them shall they see; and that which they had not heard shall they consider. 
76,debtor his pledge, hath spoiled none by violence, hath given his bread to th
73,daughter of Zion: he hath stretched out a line, he hath not withdrawn his
72,o curse mine enemies, and, behold, thou hast blessed them altogether. 
A
70, man minister, let him do it as of the ability which God giveth: that 
73,sent her away for two months: and she went with her companions, and bewai
78,e, and said, Blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy wom
66,egation, and wash them with water. 
And thou shalt put upon Aaron 
92,n of my tabernacle said not, Oh that we had of his flesh! we cannot be satisfied. 
The stran
75,inew which shrank, which is upon the hollow of the thigh, unto this day: be
77,d up his eyes, and saw a great company come unto him, he saith unto Philip, W
69,when he had thus spoken, he dismissed the assembly. 
And after the up
70,at forget God, lest I tear you in pieces, and there be none to deliver
84, the rest of the people he sent every man to his tent. 
And Jonathan smote the garri
76, things which ye behold, the days will come, in the which there shall not be
88,th, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the win
82,committed, and keep all my statutes, and do that which is lawful and right, he sha
96,ned. 
Thou hast covered with anger, and persecuted us: thou hast slain, thou hast not pitied. 
T
70,. 
And David came to Baalperazim, and David smote them there, and said
86,h war should rise against me, in this will I be confident. 
One thing have I desired o
73,ull of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering: 
One golden spoon
96,the law: but if thou judge the law, thou art not a doer of the law, but a judge. 
There is one l
90,ouse which king Solomon built for the LORD, the length thereof was threescore cubits, and 
71,easure. 
And there was a row of building round about in them, round abo
91,array against Babylon round about: all ye that bend the bow, shoot at her, spare no arrows:
85,Better is the sight of the eyes than the wandering of the desire: this is also vanity
91,hough I did repent: for I perceive that the same epistle hath made you sorry, though it wer
66,are again entangled therein, and overcome, the latter end is worse
70,ure, as though we reached not unto you: for we are come as far as to y
70,er: in the integrity of my heart and innocency of my hands have I done
70,I would take it upon my shoulder, and bind it as a crown to me. 
I wou
73, place, and concerning their mothers that bare them, and concerning their
96,ess of thy ways? 
Remember, I pray thee, who ever perished, being innocent? or where were the ri
77, will come to you. 
Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but y
77,g upon the harp. 
Wherefore should I fear in the days of evil, when the iniqu
78,D that were consecrated, and of every one that willingly offered a freewill of
96, upon my tabernacle; 
When the Almighty was yet with me, when my children were about me; 
When I
77, silver by weight, for all instruments of every kind of service: 
Even the we
74,he that hath many children is waxed feeble. 
The LORD killeth, and maketh 
75,have all men to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge of the truth. 
For
69,assed along toward the side over against Arabah northward, and went d
71,ome in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many. 
And when 
85,tion cometh; now shall be their perplexity. 
Trust ye not in a friend, put ye not con
94,and without hypocrisy. 
And the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace of them that make peac
92,r is my flesh of brass? 
Is not my help in me? and is wisdom driven quite from me? 
To him t
73,ave the light, lest darkness come upon you: for he that walketh in darkne
96, unto them, Come again unto me after three days. And the people departed. 
And king Rehoboam too
85,unds. 
And he said unto him, Well, thou good servant: because thou hast been faithful
86, way, and his sword drawn in his hand: and the ass turned aside out of the way, and we
94,oose Israel, and set them in their own land: and the strangers shall be joined with them, and 
66,and out of the earth shall others grow. 
Behold, God will not cast
86,years. 
The sons of Gershon; Libni, and Shimi, according to their families. 
And the s
86,rsons in all, of women that had not known man by lying with him. 
And the half, which 
86,y may minister unto me in the priest's office. 
And thou shalt speak unto the children
84,e unadvisedly with his lips. 
They did not destroy the nations, concerning whom the 
64,that my lovers have given me: and I will make them a forest, and
94,oss from the silver, and there shall come forth a vessel for the finer. 
Take away the wicked 
84,the land which I shall shew thee. 
Then came he out of the land of the Chaldaeans, a
79,er the angel, and prevailed: he wept, and made supplication unto him: he found 
75,i the son of Zeruiah slew of the Edomites in the valley of salt eighteen th
81,there came water thereout; and when he had drunk, his spirit came again, and he r
71,, saying, He hath made his people Israel utterly to abhor him; therefor
65,an until the even. 
And he that lieth in the house shall wash his
74,f doeth: and he will shew him greater works than these, that ye may marvel
92,l plead for him, let him be put to death whilst it is yet morning: if he be a god, let him p
85,hey all by the sword. 
According to their uncleanness and according to their transgre
81, forth, and they shall measure unto the cities which are round about him that is 
91,erusalem, in the house of the LORD, before the new court, 
And said, O LORD God of our fath
73, of mine hand hath gotten me this wealth. 
But thou shalt remember the LO
66, opened, and the ears of the deaf shall be unstopped. 
Then shall 
78,. 
He smote their vines also and their fig trees; and brake the trees of their
81,e ye heed: behold, I have foretold you all things. 
But in those days, after that
73,r streets. 
But he shall say, I tell you, I know you not whence ye are; d
92,re forty thousand and five hundred. 
And by him shall be the tribe of Manasseh: and the capt
84,le than his brethren: and his mother called his name Jabez, saying, Because I bare h
93,h the preacher; all is vanity. 
And moreover, because the preacher was wise, he still taught 
84,u shalt buy of thy neighbour, and according unto the number of years of the fruits h
80,rney; and they overtook him in the mount Gilead. 
And God came to Laban the Syri
94,le heart. 
And of Naphtali a thousand captains, and with them with shield and spear thirty and
71,ill. 
Of this man's seed hath God according to his promise raised unto 
95,he gate, which was one reed broad; and the other threshold of the gate, which was one reed broa
81,g of the LORD. 
Every one that passeth among them that are numbered, from twenty 
67,o Tarshish from the presence of the LORD, and went down to Joppa; a
80,reth him: the just upright man is laughed to scorn. 
He that is ready to slip wi
90,kened unto their voice, and did so. 
And it came to pass at the return of the year, that B
69,ebuchadnezzar sent, and brought him to Babylon, with the goodly vesse
83,n the country of Sihon king of the Amorites, and of Og king of Bashan; and he was t
81,he shall be guilty in one of these things, that he shall confess that he hath sin
89,en, MENE, MENE, TEKEL, UPHARSIN. 
This is the interpretation of the thing: MENE; God hath
78,se of the righteous is much treasure: but in the revenues of the wicked is tro
78,u understandest my thought afar off. 
Thou compassest my path and my lying dow
76,d perish at thy presence. 
For thou hast maintained my right and my cause; t
77,ore unto the king? 
And the king said unto him, Why speakest thou any more of
