1000
71,. 
And king Solomon gave unto the queen of Sheba all her desire, whatso
92, it rested, he said, Return, O LORD, unto the many thousands of Israel. 
And when the people
90,all lay their garments wherein they minister; for they are holy; and shall put on other ga
93,r of the carriage, and ran into the army, and came and saluted his brethren. 
And as he talke
87, his multitude, saith the Lord GOD. 
Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 

90,my God, neither let me see this great fire any more, that I die not. 
And the LORD said un
70,de of the river: and the border passed toward the waters of Enshemesh,
91, they shall be one in mine hand. 
And the sticks whereon thou writest shall be in thine han
65,eir ways into the city, and told every thing, and what was befall
88,ttai the Gittite, Wherefore goest thou also with us? return to thy place, and abide with
67,either pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believ
69,Judah, till he had cast them out from his presence, that Zedekiah reb
85, selfsame day, saying, 
Get thee up into this mountain Abarim, unto mount Nebo, which
75, bitter lamentation: for the spoiler shall suddenly come upon us. 
I have s
77,use of Israel: and do thou worthily in Ephratah, and be famous in Bethlehem: 
65,ve her unto Eleazar the priest, that he may bring her forth witho
79, out of this place; He shall not return thither any more: 
But he shall die in 
67,ildren of Ammon unto this day. 
And Abraham journeyed from thence t
91,two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish: 
And their meat offering an
78,hem naked unto their shame among their enemies:) 
Then Moses stood in the gate
78,erer; my God, my strength, in whom I will trust; my buckler, and the horn of m
89,people came up out of Jordan on the tenth day of the first month, and encamped in Gilgal,
90, let him be condemned: and let his prayer become sin. 
Let his days be few; and let anothe
65,nd it shall be forgiven him: and the remnant shall be the priest'
83,e whole heaven, and his lightning unto the ends of the earth. 
After it a voice roa
74,e atonement for him. 
And he shall kill the bullock before the LORD: and t
83, and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah went up to Ramothgilead. 
And the king of Israel
84,n soul. 
And Jonathan stripped himself of the robe that was upon him, and gave it to
95,bond shalt thou be in the earth. 
And Cain said unto the LORD, My punishment is greater than I 
91,, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit: 
By which also he went and 
64,cast them into the Red sea; there remained not one locust in all
92, by the king's garden; (now the Chaldeans were by the city round about:) and they went by th
88,among them. 
For the children of Joseph were two tribes, Manasseh and Ephraim: therefore
88,rscription? And they said unto him, Caesar's. 
And Jesus answering said unto them, Rende
92, Obededom also the son of Jeduthun and Hosah to be porters: 
And Zadok the priest, and his b
64,hemaiah the Nehelamite; Because that Shemaiah hath prophesied un
75, save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he ever livet
90,nd: 
But and if she depart, let her remain unmarried or be reconciled to her husband: and 
73,ept the charge of the LORD, at the commandment of the LORD by the hand of
94, by the sword. 
Their children also shall be dashed to pieces before their eyes; their houses 
82,Joshua called the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh, 
An
81, no strangers pass through her any more. 
And it shall come to pass in that day, 
85, neither lift up a cry or prayer for them: for I will not hear them in the time that 
71, in every man that knowledge: for some with conscience of the idol unto
96, say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, O my people, I will open your graves, and cause
91,it from the LORD was upon Saul, as he sat in his house with his javelin in his hand: and Da
90,your heart be also. 
Let your loins be girded about, and your lights burning; 
And ye your
78, me, that came unto me the other day. 
And Manoah arose, and went after his wi
81,, to make thyself a glorious name. 
Look down from heaven, and behold from the ha
64, unto the heathen; and will ye even sell your brethren? or shall
71,ese are the families of the Simeonites, twenty and two thousand and two
85,alt not cause the land to sin, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance.
88,ron, and to all the places where David himself and his men were wont to haunt. 
Now the 
85, shall bewail her, and lament for her, when they shall see the smoke of her burning, 
69,is people may know that thou art the LORD God, and that thou hast tur
92,eedful: and Mary hath chosen that good part, which shall not be taken away from her. 
And it
85,ef of the fathers, after the house of their fathers, and all of them by their names, 
89,ould be fellowheirs, and of the same body, and partakers of his promise in Christ by the 
76,Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which according to his abundant mercy hath 
91,of the poor of the land, of them that were not carried away captive to Babylon; 
Then they 
93,that they understand not; and shall utterly perish in their own corruption; 
And shall receiv
74,t among you all, the same shall be great. 
And John answered and said, Mas
71,And Samson said unto them, I will now put forth a riddle unto you: if y
69, pasture. 
The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and t
91,ORD, which he spake against Baasha by Jehu the prophet. 
For all the sins of Baasha, and th
69,, the God of Israel, Amend your ways and your doings, and I will caus
67,ds, but ye shall not drink wine of them. 
For I know your manifold 
82,aith the LORD, Behold, I will fill all the inhabitants of this land, even the king
67,e land of your possession ye shall grant a redemption for the land.
90,thing be lost. 
Therefore they gathered them together, and filled twelve baskets with the 
84,t not asked riches, wealth, or honour, nor the life of thine enemies, neither yet ha
93,also of Benjamin from Geba dwelt at Michmash, and Aija, and Bethel, and in their villages. 
A
93,yoke of oxen; and with thee will I break in pieces captains and rulers. 
And I will render un
80,ich was so named of the angel before he was conceived in the womb. 
And when the
80,light shall be dark in his tabernacle, and his candle shall be put out with him.
82,em out of their enemies' lands, and am sanctified in them in the sight of many nat
91,; they are quickly turned aside out of the way which I commanded them; they have made them 
65,: notwithstanding yet Jotham the youngest son of Jerubbaal was le
81,uchadnezzar sent, and brought him to Babylon, with the goodly vessels of the hous
91,our faces: the first face was the face of a cherub, and the second face was the face of a m
72,g garment? And he was speechless. 
Then said the king to the servants, B
74,he captain of the guard, saying, 
Take him, and look well to him, and do h
85,gue was glad; moreover also my flesh shall rest in hope: 
Because thou wilt not leave
68,le from Laodicea. 
And say to Archippus, Take heed to the ministry w
96, east gate of the LORD's house, which looketh eastward: and behold at the door of the gate five 
93,e Jews which believed on him, If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed; 
An
81,e length thereof two cubits; and the corners thereof, and the length thereof, and
88,ut now the LORD hath forsaken us, and delivered us into the hands of the Midianites. 
An
76, crew. 
Then led they Jesus from Caiaphas unto the hall of judgment: and it 
82,e house of the LORD, because the glory of the LORD had filled the LORD's house. 
A
77,instruments and other instruments of the oxen for wood. 
All these things did
70,y drive them out of the land: for I wot that he whom thou blessest is 
95,, that all they of the people of Israel, and of his priests and Levites, in my realm, which are
71, I and my son Solomon shall be counted offenders. 
And, lo, while she y
76, he preached unto them Jesus, and the resurrection. 
And they took him, and 
86,f thine hand, and is all thine own. 
I know also, my God, that thou triest the heart, 
93,h as there was none like it, nor shall be like it any more. 
But against any of the children 
94,our dwellings have cast us out. 
Yet hear the word of the LORD, O ye women, and let your ear r
90, son, he shall deal with her after the manner of daughters. 
If he take him another wife; 
67,nder me a recompence? and if ye recompense me, swiftly and speedily
93,hath measured the waters in the hollow of his hand, and meted out heaven with the span, and c
72,od: I will strengthen thee; yea, I will help thee; yea, I will uphold th
84,garmah traded in thy fairs with horses and horsemen and mules. 
The men of Dedan wer
87,d his sons Esau and Jacob buried him. 
Now these are the generations of Esau, who is Ed
66,day: and all the people greatly feared the LORD and Samuel. 
And a
88, saith he to Thomas, Reach hither thy finger, and behold my hands; and reach hither thy 
74,r house. 
And the woman conceived, and sent and told David, and said, I am
82,le, while the wicked is before me. 
I was dumb with silence, I held my peace, even
67, 
And the multitude crying aloud began to desire him to do as he ha
83, will not hear them: he will even hide his face from them at that time, as they hav
87,it with planes, and he marketh it out with the compass, and maketh it after the figure 
95,e visited me: I was in prison, and ye came unto me. 
Then shall the righteous answer him, sayin
70, equality, that now at this time your abundance may be a supply for th
64,y one shall know his own sore and his own grief, and shall sprea
91,o all that the LORD had given him in commandment unto them; 
After he had slain Sihon the k
86,ool's heart at his left. 
Yea also, when he that is a fool walketh by the way, his wis
95,. 
Then shall he kill the goat of the sin offering, that is for the people, and bring his blood
64,d caused them to understand the reading. 
And Nehemiah, which is
89,there a wall fell upon twenty and seven thousand of the men that were left. And Benhadad 
78,d at the shining of thy glittering spear. 
Thou didst march through the land i
94,e David, she said, He is sick. 
And Saul sent the messengers again to see David, saying, Bring
71,w Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride ad
65,firstborn of death shall devour his strength. 
His confidence sha
78,the tent of the congregation and the altar, and shalt put water therein. 
And 
81,into hell: for wickedness is in their dwellings, and among them. 
As for me, I wi
81,ith him, went to the high place that was at Gibeon; for there was the tabernacle 
71,r, and out of the tribe of Naphtali, and out of the tribe of Manasseh i
89, out of the snare of the fowlers: the snare is broken, and we are escaped. 
Our help is i
73, upon the sand: 
And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the win
74,tar round about. 
And he took the fat, and the rump, and all the fat that 
89,reat and noble Asnapper brought over, and set in the cities of Samaria, and the rest that
89,the morning. 
The first of the firstfruits of thy land thou shalt bring unto the house of
88,bosom, and shall gently lead those that are with young. 
Who hath measured the waters in
70, he be not able to restore it to him, then that which is sold shall re
78,avid blessed the LORD before all the congregation: and David said, Blessed be 
71,racy have brought thee even to the border: the men that were at peace w
88,time with them, he consented not; 
But bade them farewell, saying, I must by all means k
79,h. 
And when Jehoiakim the king, with all his mighty men, and all the princes, 
67,ere over against them in the watches. 
And Jeshua begat Joiakim, Jo
91,ace of the altar, which he had make there at the first: and there Abram called on the name 
89,indeed ye do it toward all the brethren which are in all Macedonia: but we beseech you, b
90,nsel with the old men that had stood before Solomon his father while he yet lived, saying,
88,ions in their cities were, the Israelites, the priests, Levites, and the Nethinims. 
And
72,f God! 
It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than
71, that place which he shall choose in one of thy gates, where it liketh 
64,nds asunder, and cast away their cords from us. 
He that sitteth
76,are left in all the land of Israel, and with them also to the priests and Le
84,, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed. 
For this cor
80,nfess unto thee that thine own right hand can save thee. 
Behold now behemoth, w
79,t forth the people out of the camp to meet with God; and they stood at the neth
73, hyssop that springeth out of the wall: he spake also of beasts, and of f
67,und of a trumpet. 
Sing praises to God, sing praises: sing praises 
66,armourbearer, Draw thy sword, and thrust me through therewith; les
87,en, and be snared, and be taken. 
Bind up the testimony, seal the law among my disciple
74, appeared of old unto me, saying, Yea, I have loved thee with an everlasti
88,most holy: 
And the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering, and th
90,hem, by their generations, after the house of their fathers, were bands of soldiers for wa
64,epherd seeketh out his flock in the day that he is among his she
93, Caesar, or not? 
But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypocri
80, they entered into the land to destroy it. 
And Israel was greatly impoverished 
87,ey were glad, and promised to give him money. And he sought how he might conveniently b
64,all Judah; and they carried away the stones of Ramah, and the ti
71,LORD. 
Behold, I am against thee, O thou most proud, saith the Lord GOD
67, and hast not asked for thyself long life; neither hast asked riche
75, It is written again, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God. 
Again, the de
79, it is meet for me to think this of you all, because I have you in my heart; in
70,d years, and begat sons and daughters: 
And all the days of Jared were
83,he people, and bring his blood within the vail, and do with that blood as he did wi
66,ts of Baal; let not one of them escape. And they took them: and El
76,bolished death, and hath brought life and immortality to light through the g
91,et us go to Jerusalem for fear of the army of the Chaldeans, and for fear of the army of th
80,our hearts unblameable in holiness before God, even our Father, at the coming of
78,th you, this we commanded you, that if any would not work, neither should he e
67, round about thee? 
Thou rulest the raging of the sea: when the wav
85,h is our hope; 
Unto Timothy, my own son in the faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from 
76,fore you by the sword. 
For I will have respect unto you, and make you fruit
96,w Jephthah the Gileadite was a mighty man of valour, and he was the son of an harlot: and Gilead
74,tion, because he hath defiled the sanctuary of the LORD: the water of sepa
94,ites; and I delivered them into your hand. 
And I sent the hornet before you, which drave them
90,hese. 
And the scribe said unto him, Well, Master, thou hast said the truth: for there is 
93,oh unto us, that, when it cometh among us, it may save us out of the hand of our enemies. 
So
91,he word of the Lord, with many others also. 
And some days after Paul said unto Barnabas, L
91, it were the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire: 
And he had in his hand a little book op
73, the LORD said unto Jacob, Return unto the land of thy fathers, and to th
84,d Hur went up to the top of the hill. 
And it came to pass, when Moses held up his h
72,ldren of Israel. 
And the Levites that are gone away far from me, when I
82,t the shepherd, whose own the sheep are not, seeth the wolf coming, and leaveth th
95,uching the Gentiles which believe, we have written and concluded that they observe no such thin
67, make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there. 
If I take the wings 
69,dy to distribute, willing to communicate; 
Laying up in store for the
81,r of the tribes of the sons of Jacob, unto whom the word of the LORD came, saying
95,
And he sent Judah before him unto Joseph, to direct his face unto Goshen; and they came into t
90,nd habergeons, and bows, and slings to cast stones. 
And he made in Jerusalem engines, inv
83,eeketh to kill thee: now therefore, I pray thee, take heed to thyself until the mor
82,went every one straight forward: whither the spirit was to go, they went; and they
94,ed twenty and eight. 
The men of Bethazmaveth, forty and two. 
The men of Kirjathjearim, Cheph
83, not with her. 
And the woman made haste, and ran, and shewed her husband, and said
77,nto him that striveth with his Maker! Let the potsherd strive with the potshe
64,and stone him with stones. And the children of Israel did as the
72,xhorting one another: and so much the more, as ye see the day approachin
70,ilate marvelled. 
Now at that feast he released unto them one prisoner
93,us saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I judge between cattle and cattle, between the rams and the he
67,ood that thou shouldest take hold of this; yea, also from this with
81,her went into the synagogue of the Jews. 
These were more noble than those in The
89,on, and came unto thee? 
And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say unto y
92,ne infirmities. 
The God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which is blessed for evermore,
67,f them with the sword: he that fleeth of them shall not flee away, 
86, Zion. 
How shall we sing the LORD's song in a strange land? 
If I forget thee, O Jeru
94,he king of Assyria, He shall not come into this city, nor shoot an arrow there, nor come befor
83,emorial for the children of Israel before the LORD. 
Now the children of Reuben and
83, the valley of Elah, behold, it is here wrapped in a cloth behind the ephod: if tho
90,Tychicus have I sent to Ephesus. 
The cloke that I left at Troas with Carpus, when thou co
68,n the son of David loved her. 
And Amnon was so vexed, that he fell 
81,. 
And the Egyptians will I give over into the hand of a cruel lord; and a fierce
90, that is, of their brethren, though they come out of the loins of Abraham: 
But he whose d
83,s shall he be unto his brethren. 
And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Shem; and
69, years old and nine, the LORD appeared to Abram, and said unto him, I
81, and take him by force, to make him a king, he departed again into a mountain him
70,e, and cast his throne down to the ground. 
The days of his youth hast
75,aid, bare unto Abraham: 
And these are the names of the sons of Ishmael, by
84,ning were the first day. 
And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the
68,aron, being of the families of the Kohathites, who were of the child
92,e wicked shall no more pass through thee; he is utterly cut off. 
He that dasheth in pieces 
84,ourable in thine house? 
Did I then begin to enquire of God for him? be it far from 
95,e commanded a widow woman there to sustain thee. 
So he arose and went to Zarephath. And when h
69,ilthy lucre's sake. 
One of themselves, even a prophet of their own, 
83,ssing. And he said, Hast thou not reserved a blessing for me? 
And Isaac answered a
83,as fools, but as wise, 
Redeeming the time, because the days are evil. 
Wherefore b
67,hey said, Jesus of Nazareth. 
Jesus answered, I have told you that 
87, be a tabernacle for a shadow in the day time from the heat, and for a place of refuge,
87, as though he would have gone further. 
But they constrained him, saying, Abide with us
87,pe thither, (is it not a little one?) and my soul shall live. 
And he said unto him, Se
88,unded it upon the seas, and established it upon the floods. 
Who shall ascend into the h
96,lley, because they had chariots of iron. 
And they gave Hebron unto Caleb, as Moses said: and he
69,ause of a well of water, which Abimelech's servants had violently tak
91, me. 
When I say unto the wicked, Thou shalt surely die; and thou givest him not warning, n
79, good upon me; as also the king's words that he had spoken unto me. And they sa
77, Elealeh, and Shebam, and Nebo, and Beon, 
Even the country which the LORD sm
84,jah, and Elam, and Ezer. And the singers sang loud, with Jezrahiah their overseer. 

64,th of strange gods: because he preached unto them Jesus, and the
67,e customs which Moses delivered us. 
And all that sat in the counci
64,ummin, and have omitted the weightier matters of the law, judgme
65,u forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye therefore wise as 
76, his mouth, and cursed his day. 
And Job spake, and said, 
Let the day peris
85,o his sons, and said, Gather yourselves together, that I may tell you that which shal
94,nd the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. Then Moses trembled, and durst not behold. 
Then sa
75,ites to minister before the ark of the LORD, and to record, and to thank an
68,place of the name of the LORD of hosts, the mount Zion. 
The burden 
87,over with a covering, but not of my spirit, that they may add sin to sin: 
That walk to
92,e mountain, and abode there three days, until the pursuers were returned: and the pursuers s
76,rn by the LORD that we will not give them of our daughters to wives? 
And th
80, went up some of the children of Israel, and of the priests, and the Levites, an
80,took unto me faithful witnesses to record, Uriah the priest, and Zechariah the s
66,nd ye cried to me, and I delivered you out of their hand. 
Yet ye 
93,rly in the morning, and took bread, and a bottle of water, and gave it unto Hagar, putting it
83,d fro through the earth, and, behold, all the earth sitteth still, and is at rest. 
69,to thee. Our friends salute thee. Greet the friends by name. 
Jude, t
86,y, that it shall not be numbered for multitude. 
And the angel of the LORD said unto h
67,ied for them, flowing with milk and honey, which is the glory of al
71, also stolen, and dissembled also, and they have put it even among thei
95, shall thirst again: 
But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thi
64,irgin cometh forth to draw water, and I say to her, Give me, I p
84,ey shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glor
71, lips. 
Will ye speak wickedly for God? and talk deceitfully for him? 

70,ey see; and that which they had not heard shall they consider. 
Who ha
64,d said, No. 
Then said Haggai, If one that is unclean by a dead 
85,f the house, and five on the left side of the house: and he set the sea on the right 
73,he power of the Holy Ghost. 
And I myself also am persuaded of you, my br
77, not. 
But it displeased Jonah exceedingly, and he was very angry. 
And he pr
67, were with him, Number now, and see who is gone from us. And when t
75,. 
For I will take you from among the heathen, and gather you out of all co
71,st thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father
70,le also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seein
83,y of the month, that Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon came, he and all his army, agai
88,cause he did pursue his brother with the sword, and did cast off all pity, and his anger
94,e an ark of shittim wood, and hewed two tables of stone like unto the first, and went up into 
90, are at Colosse: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Chri
94,slain and of the captives, from the beginning of revenges upon the enemy. 
Rejoice, O ye natio
64,the righteousness of saints. 
And he saith unto me, Write, Bless
83, by thine anger, and by thy wrath are we troubled. 
Thou hast set our iniquities be
68,ke unto Moses after the death of the two sons of Aaron, when they of
82,idst see the affliction of our fathers in Egypt, and heardest their cry by the Red
65,ng, Depart from me; for I am a sinful man, O Lord. 
For he was as
90,ing, and his princes, his wives, and his concubines, might drink therein. 
Then they broug
68,ye despise us, that our advice should not be first had in bringing b
84,ead, and the LORD shall reward thee. 
The north wind driveth away rain: so doth an a
82,y and two. 
And these were they which went up from Telmelah, Telharsa, Cherub, Add
90,d the land. 
The hills were covered with the shadow of it, and the boughs thereof were lik
83, set her blood upon the top of a rock, that it should not be covered. 
Therefore th
94,importunity he will rise and give him as many as he needeth. 
And I say unto you, Ask, and it 
67,nd of every one that willingly offered a freewill offering unto the
93,oses. 
And Hilkiah answered and said to Shaphan the scribe, I have found the book of the law 
86,pon me to speak unto the LORD, which am but dust and ashes: 
Peradventure there shall 
69, round about me daily like water; they compassed me about together. 

94, not when they went. 
As for the likeness of the living creatures, their appearance was like b
86,ll come to pass, that before they call, I will answer; and while they are yet speaking
71, goeth out of his mouth. 
He directeth it under the whole heaven, and h
88,d this law before all Israel in their hearing. 
Gather the people together, men and wome
65,me of the LORD thy God in vain: for the LORD will not hold him gu
85,s they that be dead of old. 
He hath hedged me about, that I cannot get out: he hath 
78,oever saith ought unto thee, bring him to me, and he shall not touch thee any 
79,rd them. 
And suddenly there was a great earthquake, so that the foundations of
95,econd month: and the priests and the Levites were ashamed, and sanctified themselves, and broug
82, pay unto the LORD your God: let all that be round about him bring presents unto h
83,I sojourn, by slaying her son? 
And he stretched himself upon the child three times
87,he Jews: wherefore I beseech thee to hear me patiently. 
My manner of life from my yout
69,e house, I will love them no more: all their princes are revolters. 

79,n faithfulness hast afflicted me. 
Let, I pray thee, thy merciful kindness be f
76, prophet, and Shimei, and Rei, and the mighty men which belonged to David, w
75,nd the Egyptians shall serve with the Assyrians. 
In that day shall Israel 
75,bba, Father, all things are possible unto thee; take away this cup from me:
70,, after which ye use to go a whoring: 
That ye may remember, and do al
69, many men died of the waters, because they were made bitter. 
And the
87,rents, unthankful, unholy, 
Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, i
77,was bright, and out of the fire went forth lightning. 
And the living creatur
71,ion of my people which are in Egypt, and have heard their cry by reason
79, to weep for her. 
And Abraham stood up from before his dead, and spake unto th
88,t be made: 
And thou shalt hang it upon four pillars of shittim wood overlaid with gold:
94,rward, bearing the tabernacle. 
And the standard of the camp of Reuben set forward according t
92, sea, under colour as though they would have cast anchors out of the foreship, 
Paul said to
85, I do to him; 
To translate the kingdom from the house of Saul, and to set up the thr
68,came unto Jeremiah the prophet, after that Hananiah the prophet had 
65, by me, to make the Gentiles obedient, by word and deed, 
Through
83,ple: let the earth hear, and all that is therein; the world, and all things that co
72,re about it, of the valiant of Israel. 
They all hold swords, being expe
84,thing, even altars to burn incense unto Baal. 
Therefore pray not thou for this peop
94,e, The north chambers and the south chambers, which are before the separate place, they be hol
95,est; and that God would grant me the thing that I long for! 
Even that it would please God to d
86,we had much work to come by the boat: 
Which when they had taken up, they used helps, 
70,ance of fire: from the appearance of his loins even downward, fire; an
94, Caleb said, He that smiteth Kirjathsepher, and taketh it, to him will I give Achsah my daught
92,e chosen me to put my name there. 
And I will take thee, and thou shalt reign according to a
96, forth is from the end of the heaven, and his circuit unto the ends of it: and there is nothing 
89,on all their heads. 
They shall cast their silver in the streets, and their gold shall be
91, I beseech you the rather to do this, that I may be restored to you the sooner. 
Now the Go
75, when he had found him, he brought him unto Antioch. And it came to pass, t
68,t set his love upon you, nor choose you, because ye were more in num
70,the ephod; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And he made the robe of the e
64,le, saying, Every son that is born ye shall cast into the river,
81,ar twelve, with their meat offering: and the kids of the goats for sin offering t
86,e: for unto this people shalt thou divide for an inheritance the land, which I sware u
85,f the face of the earth. 
Ye shall not tempt the LORD your God, as ye tempted him in 
91,not serve in the presence of his son? as I have served in thy father's presence, so will I 
81, to trouble them; that they might take the city. 
And they spake against the God 
72,ervant, Do this, and he doeth it. 
When Jesus heard these things, he mar
80,nd the judgments, which Moses spake unto the children of Israel, after they came
96, I may be glorified. 
A little one shall become a thousand, and a small one a strong nation: I t
82,nner house, he brought me forth toward the gate whose prospect is toward the east,
93,is of many offences unto justification. 
For if by one man's offence death reigned by one; mu
90, sake. 
Let me not be ashamed, O LORD; for I have called upon thee: let the wicked be asha
93, offer one young bullock for a burnt offering, for a sweet savour unto the LORD, with his mea
67,e excellent; that ye may be sincere and without offence till the da
80, appoint thee two ways, that the sword of the king of Babylon may come: both twa
66, art a great people, and hast great power: thou shalt not have one
65, purifying three and thirty days; she shall touch no hallowed thi
87,Moses because of the Ethiopian woman whom he had married: for he had married an Ethiopi
83,rb for the service of man: that he may bring forth food out of the earth; 
And wine
69, behold behind him a ram caught in a thicket by his horns: and Abraha
93,and such as are skilful of lamentation to wailing. 
And in all vineyards shall be wailing: fo
91,lem; 
And that whosoever would not come within three days, according to the counsel of the 
76,According to all that my lord the king hath commanded his servant, so shall 
75,And there was a great cry of the people and of their wives against their br
83,RD shall count, when he writeth up the people, that this man was born there. Selah.
72,s jealous for Zion with great jealousy, and I was jealous for her with g
69,t I may shew the kindness of God unto him? And Ziba said unto the kin
68,reastplate double: a span was the length thereof, and a span the bre
66,e man of God, But what shall we do for the hundred talents which I
95, their journeys by the commandment of the LORD: and these are their journeys according to their
79,me, and thy hand presseth me sore. 
There is no soundness in my flesh because o
64,lowmen were ashamed, they covered their heads. 
Yea, the hind al
79,l tremble, and the strong men shall bow themselves, and the grinders cease beca
68,he top of an hill. 
Then Abner called to Joab, and said, Shall the s
94,I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my sheep. 
He saith unto him the third time, Simon, son o
75,ll by the sword; and he that remaineth and is besieged shall die by the fam
95, wagons and the oxen, and gave them unto the Levites. 
Two wagons and four oxen he gave unto th
96,xcellency of our God. 
Strengthen ye the weak hands, and confirm the feeble knees. 
Say to them 
77,ess. 
And upon the nobles of the children of Israel he laid not his hand: als
82,and thy people are become a reproach to all that are about us. 
Now therefore, O o
66,ne head an ornament of grace: a crown of glory shall she deliver t
76,n lavers, and put five on the right hand, and five on the left, to wash in t
86, for thou art my God: thy spirit is good; lead me into the land of uprightness. 
Quick
70,hen a righteous man doth turn from his righteousness, and commit iniqu
86,very man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and
72,him to jealousy with strange gods, with abominations provoked they him t
65,he wilderness, by the fountain in the way to Shur. 
And he said, 
83, Levi after the house of their fathers; even the chief of the fathers, as they were
93,yed; and he went out, not knowing whither he went. 
By faith he sojourned in the land of prom
78,d of my beard, and sat down astonied. 
Then were assembled unto me every one t
95,flesh, when he had offered up prayers and supplications with strong crying and tears unto him t
83,elf baptized not, but his disciples,) 
He left Judaea, and departed again into Gali
94,e spirit in the midst thereof: and they have caused Egypt to err in every work thereof, as a d
67,rophets. 
For God is not the author of confusion, but of peace, as 
88,, who was dear unto him, was sick, and ready to die. 
And when he heard of Jesus, he sen
71,rael were gathered together. 
Let Reuben live, and not die; and let not
74, have in you. 
Whether any do enquire of Titus, he is my partner and fello
94,proceedeth blessing and cursing. My brethren, these things ought not so to be. 
Doth a fountai
96,sword cometh out of his gall: terrors are upon him. 
All darkness shall be hid in his secret pla
87,Babylon. 
Then said Hezekiah to Isaiah, Good is the word of the LORD which thou hast sp
68,out the spring of the day, that Samuel called Saul to the top of the
85, among them: wherefore then lift ye up yourselves above the congregation of the LORD?
69,ur peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed. 
All we li
81, turn back, dwell deep, O inhabitants of Dedan; for I will bring the calamity of 
93,on and the young lion roaring on his prey, when a multitude of shepherds is called forth agai
88,made desolate, because no man layeth it to heart. 
The spoilers are come upon all high p
89,our generations, and will offer an offering made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD
85,edad, who smote Midian in the field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of hi
88,I have heard all thy blasphemies which thou hast spoken against the mountains of Israel,
92, and rebuke strong nations afar off; and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and t
74,s; kings of people shall be of her. 
Then Abraham fell upon his face, and 
71,t to make them fly. 
Your kerchiefs also will I tear, and deliver my pe
81,hen Ahijah heard the sound of her feet, as she came in at the door, that he said,
83,horns before the ark of the LORD. 
And he said unto the people, Pass on, and compas
70, I will do marvels, such as have not been done in all the earth, nor i
64, of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in 
69,onsumed out of the land. 
And in mercy shall the throne be establishe
77,ll the Jews. 
For if thou altogether holdest thy peace at this time, then sha
91,n his left. 
And the scripture was fulfilled, which saith, And he was numbered with the tra
72,r? 
Even so hath the Lord ordained that they which preach the gospel sho
91,er can the floods drown it: if a man would give all the substance of his house for love, it
77,igures of cherubims and palm trees and open flowers, within and without. 
And
70,em upon asses, and brought them to Jericho, the city of palm trees, to
68,let him dip his foot in oil. 
Thy shoes shall be iron and brass; and
86,as lamps of fire, and his arms and his feet like in colour to polished brass, and the 
77, Gomorrah fled, and fell there; and they that remained fled to the mountain. 
94, was behind it, and the galleries thereof on the one side and on the other side, an hundred cu
81,ning work. 
Then wrought Bezaleel and Aholiab, and every wise hearted man, in who
84, will make them to lie down safely. 
And I will betroth thee unto me for ever; yea, 
91,ands on his loins, as a woman in travail, and all faces are turned into paleness? 
Alas! fo
72, evil in thy sight: that thou mightest be justified when thou speakest, 
65,. 
Send ye the lamb to the ruler of the land from Sela to the wil
79,d for that which was done. 
For the man was above forty years old, on whom this
84,stroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, from under heaven; and every thing t
72,f men, whose teeth are spears and arrows, and their tongue a sharp sword
93,ght me up also out of an horrible pit, out of the miry clay, and set my feet upon a rock, and
87, purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit. 
Now ye are clean through the word whi
82,shall put to the staves thereof: 
And they shall take all the instruments of minis
71,ght: the sun shall be darkened in his going forth, and the moon shall n
89,ed by genealogies; and, behold, they were written in the book of the kings of Israel and 
82,rought from the land of Egypt: so that thou shalt not lift up thine eyes unto them
90,my God which was good upon me; as also the king's words that he had spoken unto me. And th
85, filled me with wrinkles, which is a witness against me: and my leanness rising up in
90,tali, Kedesh in Galilee with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Hammo
73,light, except their Rock had sold them, and the LORD had shut them up? 
F
64,Thou hast said. 
And as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and 
76,ael dwelt among the Canaanites, Hittites, and Amorites, and Perizzites, and 
90,le, and had anointed it, and sanctified it, and all the instruments thereof, both the alta
76,s wakened out of his sleep. 
And said unto me, What seest thou? And I said, 
96, said, Blessed of the LORD be his land, for the precious things of heaven, for the dew, and for 
66, thy face from me? 
How long shall I take counsel in my soul, havi
82,, he said unto Moses, There is a noise of war in the camp. 
And he said, It is not
65,ets, O ye house of Israel, have ye offered to me slain beasts and
82,whose seed is in itself, upon the earth: and it was so. 
And the earth brought for
86, them that wrought fine linen, of the house of Ashbea, 
And Jokim, and the men of Choz
65, the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names
77,despiseth the word shall be destroyed: but he that feareth the commandment sh
82,Japhleti, unto the coast of Bethhoron the nether, and to Gezer; and the goings out
68,d. 
Nicodemus saith unto them, (he that came to Jesus by night, bein
74,t not a widow be taken into the number under threescore years old, having 
91,he sword, and is gathered out of many people, against the mountains of Israel, which have b
90, that is in the tent, shall be unclean seven days. 
And every open vessel, which hath no c
73,rom affliction, and maketh him families like a flock. 
The righteous shal
93,n know that the desolation thereof is nigh. 
Then let them which are in Judaea flee to the mo
91,ry. 
The LORD also spake unto Joshua, saying, 
Speak to the children of Israel, saying, App
70,t he get him fenced cities, and escape us. 
And there went out after h
84,n's heart deviseth his way: but the LORD directeth his steps. 
A divine sentence is 
85,f Hachaliah, and Zidkijah, 
Seraiah, Azariah, Jeremiah, 
Pashur, Amariah, Malchijah, 
90,epeth upon the earth after his kind, and every fowl after his kind, every bird of every so
89,a prophet among them. 
And thou, son of man, be not afraid of them, neither be afraid of 
81,poken. 
I will raise them up a Prophet from among their brethren, like unto thee,
84,l be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world? 
And Jesus answered and sa
85,d, unto the land which thou swarest unto their fathers? 
Whence should I have flesh t
94,g it to the tabernacle of the congregation: 
And the priest shall dip his finger in the blood,
80,sus had spoken unto him, and he went his way. 
And as he was now going down, his
64,d I think upon a maid? 
For what portion of God is there from ab
79, before his death. 
And he said, The LORD came from Sinai, and rose up from Sei
78,e young men that follow my lord. 
I pray thee, forgive the trespass of thine h
74,t shall be forgiven him: and the remnant shall be the priest's, as a meat 
75,he disciples to the multitude. 
And they did all eat, and were filled: and 
65,ur hearts: for the coming of the Lord draweth nigh. 
Grudge not o
65,sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him, into the ark, b
71,ultiplied. 
And it came to pass, as Peter passed throughout all quarter
69, with a great army and with much riches. 
And in those times there sh
91,d and her children; and thou art the sister of thy sisters, which lothed their husbands and
80, offereth in the high places, and him that burneth incense to his gods. 
Therefo
85,y, and the water of affliction, yet shall not thy teachers be removed into a corner a
68,their captivity, whither they have carried them captives, and pray t
74,Micah, What aileth thee, that thou comest with such a company? 
And he sai
95,f the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering, a
70,f the LORD, and for the king's house, harps also and psalteries for si
96,a, his soul draweth near unto the grave, and his life to the destroyers. 
If there be a messenge
86,in, unto every fenced city: and he gave them victual in abundance. And he desired many
75,head of Ephraim, it displeased him: and he held up his father's hand, to re
83,d, full of feathers, which had divers colours, came unto Lebanon, and took the high
67,e door of the sepulchre, and departed. 
And there was Mary Magdalen
70,nd Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and the Cherethites, and the Pelethite
71,od, the land that thou abhorrest shall be forsaken of both her kings. 

85,y taken away an house which he builded not; 
Surely he shall not feel quietness in hi
77, my spirit made diligent search. 
Will the Lord cast off for ever? and will h
70,red against Moses, saying, What shall we drink? 
And he cried unto the
86,away the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house; he
64,y may fear thee, to walk in thy ways, so long as they live in th
66,and he knoweth them that trust in him. 
But with an overrunning fl
92,e, saith the LORD. 
The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD, after that Nebuzaradan the
94,the son of Enan, prince of the children of Naphtali, offered: 
His offering was one silver cha
92,m they had let go free, to return, and brought them into subjection for servants and for han
85,ncerning Absalom. 
So the people went out into the field against Israel: and the batt
69, son of Shedeur. 
And over the host of the tribe of the children of S
78,ng me. 
And I said, Lord, they know that I imprisoned and beat in every synago
85,at fashioneth it, What makest thou? or thy work, He hath no hands? 
Woe unto him that
74,ews came to Martha and Mary, to comfort them concerning their brother. 
Th
81,ite the king only: 
And I will bring back all the people unto thee: the man whom 
69,ny nations,) before him whom he believed, even God, who quickeneth th
89,ought low through oppression, affliction, and sorrow. 
He poureth contempt upon princes, 
83,, Is this thy voice, my son David? And Saul lifted up his voice, and wept. 
And he 
78,h; Dishon. And the sons of Dishon; Amram, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran. 
88,em, which they shall not be able to escape; and though they shall cry unto me, I will no
64,hich ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things wh
85,m mount Shapher, and encamped in Haradah. 
And they removed from Haradah, and pitched
85,ife in the cave of the field of Machpelah before Mamre: the same is Hebron in the lan
93,e shall do unto the child that shall be born. 
And God hearkened to the voice of Manoah; and 
75,: thou shalt be desolate, O mount Seir, and all Idumea, even all of it: and
94,l to carry out thereby: he shall cover his face, that he see not the ground with his eyes. 
My
79,tted any thing worthy of death, I refuse not to die: but if there be none of th
68, sent to carry him, the spirit of Jacob their father revived: 
And I
89,ll I have any pity. 
A third part of thee shall die with the pestilence, and with famine 
91,ndments which thou hast commanded me: I have not transgressed thy commandments, neither hav
91, 
One kid of the goats for a sin offering: 
And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxe
77,ruction of wisdom; and before honour is humility. 
The preparations of the he
77,ear hither, that I may speak with thee. 
And when he was come near unto her, 
79, and the younger arose, and lay with him; and he perceived not when she lay dow
69, high priest asked them, 
Saying, Did not we straitly command you tha
70,y God. 
Thou shalt not oppress an hired servant that is poor and needy
93,o the LORD, are the sons of Aaron, and the Levites wait upon their business: 
And they burn u
64,hold, his reward is with him, and his work before him. 
He shall
73,ve not hearkened unto me; how then shall Pharaoh hear me, who am of uncir
95,hey were amazed, they answered no more: they left off speaking. 
When I had waited, (for they s
73, this the son of David? 
But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This
67,pitiation for our sins. 
Beloved, if God so loved us, we ought also
69,sanctuary, for every one that went to be numbered, from twenty years 
88,make with them after those days, saith the Lord, I will put my laws into their hearts, a
84,ich belongeth to Zidon, and dwell there: behold, I have commanded a widow woman ther
69,en, Death is swallowed up in victory. 
O death, where is thy sting? O
78, plain. 
Then said he unto me, Son of man, lift up thine eyes now the way towa
94,p against us: 
Then they had swallowed us up quick, when their wrath was kindled against us: 

79,ounded also, and bear thy shame, in that thou hast justified thy sisters. 
When
84,should be hanged on the gallows. 
Wherefore they called these days Purim after the n
79,f Rezin with Syria, and of the son of Remaliah. 
Because Syria, Ephraim, and th
90,I will destroy your high places. 
And your altars shall be desolate, and your images shall
79,Jerusalem: fear not, nor be dismayed; to morrow go out against them: for the LO
90, 
The LORD's voice crieth unto the city, and the man of wisdom shall see thy name: hear ye
82,prevented me in the day of my calamity: but the LORD was my stay. 
He brought me f
74, are all as an unclean thing, and all our righteousnesses are as filthy ra
78,t could he not heal you, nor cure you of your wound. 
For I will be unto Ephra
79,s. 
Blow ye the cornet in Gibeah, and the trumpet in Ramah: cry aloud at Bethav
81,r they rebelled. 
And in the fourteenth year came Chedorlaomer, and the kings tha
76,ain king, which would take account of his servants. 
And when he had begun t
85,l me. And Eli perceived that the LORD had called the child. 
Therefore Eli said unto 
76,ath, and Nahallal, and Shimron, and Idalah, and Bethlehem: twelve cities wit
95,ered unto them. 
But it is happened unto them according to the true proverb, The dog is turned 
89,emish. 
And the meat offering shall be an ephah for a ram, and the meat offering for the 
82,e. 
Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing t
96,by him; and the Lord shall cover him all the day long, and he shall dwell between his shoulders.
66,akan to Mosera: there Aaron died, and there he was buried; and Ele
71,bededom. 
And Meshelemiah had sons and brethren, strong men, eighteen. 
79,the LORD's: but the earth hath he given to the children of men. 
The dead prais
71,ur God hath not forsaken us in our bondage, but hath extended mercy unt
85,d the residue with his feet; 
And of the ten horns that were in his head, and of the 
88,m me. 
With whomsoever thou findest thy gods, let him not live: before our brethren disc
89,o he strengthened himself, and built up all the wall that was broken, and raised it up to
83, end of the wicked shall be cut off. 
But the salvation of the righteous is of the 
73,n to the Son to have life in himself; 
And hath given him authority to ex
71,he coming of the children of Israel. 
And they departed from mount Hor,
76,all night until the morning. 
Thou mayest not sacrifice the passover within 
92,rought before the king. 
And the king said unto Esther the queen, The Jews have slain and de
89,earken unto me now therefore, O ye children, and attend to the words of my mouth. 
Let no
88,; 
(Who also, when he was in Galilee, followed him, and ministered unto him;) and many o
94,the mountains, and to the hills, to the rivers, and to the valleys, Thus saith the Lord GOD; B
73,ey called his name Esau. 
And after that came his brother out, and his ha
77,or many isles, Thus saith the Lord GOD; O Tyrus, thou hast said, I am of perf
77,unto you: but unto this man do not so vile a thing. 
But the men would not he
79,r a good man some would even dare to die. 
But God commendeth his love toward u
91,g, 
Speak unto Rehoboam the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and to all Israel in Judah and B
95, into Syria, and landed at Tyre: for there the ship was to unlade her burden. 
And finding disc
65,of the disciples multiplied in Jerusalem greatly; and a great com
85, the devil, and he will flee from you. 
Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to yo
92,em: I am the LORD which sanctify you. 
For every one that curseth his father or his mother s
79, city and place, whither he himself would come. 
Therefore said he unto them, T
88,s committed unto me, as the gospel of the circumcision was unto Peter; 
(For he that wro
82, and because they tempted the LORD, saying, Is the LORD among us, or not? 
Then ca
66,ard the voice of the living God speaking out of the midst of the f
68,h, that both they that have wives be as though they had none; 
And t
83, seats: and upon the seats I saw four and twenty elders sitting, clothed in white r
78,there is none other but he: 
And to love him with all the heart, and with all 
95,e separate place, they be holy chambers, where the priests that approach unto the LORD shall ea
75,bs, and they sprinkled the blood upon the altar. 
And they brought forth th
83, LORD. 
Let them be confounded and troubled for ever; yea, let them be put to shame
91,t he divide the inheritance with me. 
And he said unto him, Man, who made me a judge or a d
90,of them. 
And I said, Hear, I pray you, O heads of Jacob, and ye princes of the house of I
92,er for a sweet savour unto the LORD. 
And the priest of his sons that is anointed in his ste
78,er for their thirst. 
Yea, forty years didst thou sustain them in the wilderne
77,the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the 
72,he king was come to see him, Amnon said unto the king, I pray thee, let 
72,t thou given me but one lot and one portion to inherit, seeing I am a gr
82, children of Shobal were these; Alvan, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shepho, and Onam. 

82,, we bring into bondage our sons and our daughters to be servants, and some of our
66,to day? 
And Jonathan answered Saul, David earnestly asked leave o
76,at Methuselah: 
And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hu
85,hall have brought thee into the land which he sware unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to 
79,y, and I will leave you there, and melt you. 
Yea, I will gather you, and blow 
81,eavened bread unto the LORD: seven days ye must eat unleavened bread. 
In the fir
93, the God of Israel; Behold, I will bring upon Judah and upon all the inhabitants of Jerusalem
82,royed thee. 
The LORD shall bring a nation against thee from far, from the end of 
77,th his feet. 
And it came to pass after this, that the king of the children o
78,tness of his strength? I that speak in righteousness, mighty to save. 
Wherefo
67,of Israel on this side Jordan westward in all the business of the L
83,not; but slay both man and woman, infant and suckling, ox and sheep, camel and ass.
68,d, and affairs of the king. 
Now the children of Israel after their 
71, be called, The lady of kingdoms. 
I was wroth with my people, I have p
91,ces of the congregation sware unto them. 
And it came to pass at the end of three days afte
70, stretch forth mine hand against him, seeing he is the anointed of the
77,r other gods, and bowed themselves unto them: they turned quickly out of the 
94, strengthened himself, he forsook the law of the LORD, and all Israel with him. 
And it came t
91,saith the LORD; Deceive not yourselves, saying, The Chaldeans shall surely depart from us: 
80,oses in the law commanded us, that such should be stoned: but what sayest thou? 
67,nd prepared not himself, neither did according to his will, shall b
67,and after whom they have walked, and whom they have sought, and who
65,the last, which was dead, and is alive; 
I know thy works, and tr
82,rovoking the LORD God of Israel to anger with their vanities. 
Now the rest of the
94,
Thou that dwellest in the gardens, the companions hearken to thy voice: cause me to hear it. 
81,h commandment: 
It seemed good unto us, being assembled with one accord, to send 
93,
And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob; 
And Jacob bega
77,ousness. 
O Lord, open thou my lips; and my mouth shall shew forth thy praise
92,m, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering: 
One kid of the goats for a sin offerin
76, mean men. 
When thou sittest to eat with a ruler, consider diligently what 
75,ab, son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan, an engraver, and a cunning workm
95, behold, the one half of the greatness of thy wisdom was not told me: for thou exceedest the fa
86,days thou shalt eat unleavened bread: and on the seventh day shall be a solemn assembl
76,l be his father, and he shall be my son: and I will not take my mercy away f
74,ldren of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so did
91,he desires of the flesh and of the mind; and were by nature the children of wrath, even as 
88,ak and say before the LORD thy God, A Syrian ready to perish was my father, and he went 
72,urned into the host of Israel, and said, Arise; for the LORD hath delive
81,k offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according
66,abbaths, and their eyes were after their fathers' idols. 
Wherefor
91,sence of the king, to number the people of Israel. 
And they passed over Jordan, and pitche
75,unto us, and take our daughters unto you. 
And ye shall dwell with us: and 
82,y put out of the camp every leper, and every one that hath an issue, and whosoever
85,y thy dead. 
And Abraham stood up, and bowed himself to the people of the land, even 
73, fire. 
Likewise also these filthy dreamers defile the flesh, despise dom
66,begat Nahor two hundred years, and begat sons and daughters. 
And 
79,an, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, D
72,rs diseases, and cast out many devils; and suffered not the devils to sp
87,approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word 
85,er me. 
I, even I, am the LORD; and beside me there is no saviour. 
I have declared, 
74,aid unto them, Have ye not read, that he which made them at the beginning 
76,er in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worship the Father. 
Ye worship y
73, and shall change the customs which Moses delivered us. 
And all that sat
86,n the angels; thou crownedst him with glory and honour, and didst set him over the wor
79,ep back thy servant also from presumptuous sins; let them not have dominion ove
67,e. 
And Moses made a serpent of brass, and put it upon a pole, and 
71,noise of the bruit is come, and a great commotion out of the north coun
92,s before you: make haste now, for he came to day to the city; for there is a sacrifice of th
67,y shall no more be a prey to the heathen, neither shall the beast o
69, and the overseers of them were Jahath and Obadiah, the Levites, of t
78,ngers unto Asher, and unto Zebulun, and unto Naphtali; and they came up to mee
94,were numbered of them were forty and five thousand and four hundred. 
These were the numbered 
67, and passed over. 
And it came to pass, when all the people were cl
96,knocketh it shall be opened. 
Or what man is there of you, whom if his son ask bread, will he gi
84, LORD. 
Blessed be the LORD out of Zion, which dwelleth at Jerusalem. Praise ye the 
90,pray thee, my sin only this once, and intreat the LORD your God, that he may take away fro
96,ave made her many widows in the midst thereof. 
Her priests have violated my law, and have profa
94, above, shall give an offering unto the LORD. 
The rich shall not give more, and the poor shal
90,ake ye a league with us. 
This our bread we took hot for our provision out of our houses o
94,uld not stumble? 
As a beast goeth down into the valley, the Spirit of the LORD caused him to 
71, forth thy righteousness and thy salvation all the day; for I know not 
79,pierceth through snares. 
Canst thou draw out leviathan with an hook? or his to
77,e. 
What is my reward then? Verily that, when I preach the gospel, I may make
70,ll gather up him that wandereth. 
And afterward I will bring again the
88,he rising of the sun. 
And they said among themselves, Who shall roll us away the stone 
92,its broad on the one side, and six cubits broad on the other side, which was the breadth of 
80, and as she wept, she stooped down, and looked into the sepulchre, 
And seeth tw
64,he Ammonites until the heat of the day: and it came to pass, tha
91,he inhabitants of Ai. 
Only the cattle and the spoil of that city Israel took for a prey un
73,oreover I will cause to cease in Moab, saith the LORD, him that offereth 
78,into his house to fetch his pledge. 
Thou shalt stand abroad, and the man to w
74,hrough thy name. 
And he said unto them, I beheld Satan as lightning fall 
72, see him. 
And the apostles, when they were returned, told him all that 
81,of the kings of Assyria unto this day. 
Howbeit thou art just in all that is brou
86, the son of Eleazar was the ruler over them in time past, and the LORD was with him. 

72,hat were able to go forth to war; 
Those that were numbered of them, eve
76,elt therein in times past, a people great, and many, and tall, as the Anakim
74,e be haughty because of my holy mountain. 
I will also leave in the midst 
96,increase, neither shall the trees of the land yield their fruits. 
And if ye walk contrary unto 
71, to dwell in darkness, as those that have been long dead. 
Therefore is
87,ll seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come? 
In the last
91, and the fruit of thy land, the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of thy sheep. 
Cursed 
89,ame of the Lord Jesus.) 
Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy G
83,en of Ai. 
And the men of Ai smote of them about thirty and six men: for they chase
85,of Zeruiah unto the king, Why should this dead dog curse my lord the king? let me go 
96,that the LORD hath blessed me for thy sake. 
And he said, Appoint me thy wages, and I will give 
95,y should not make him known: 
That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet
75,ive him a stone? 
Or if he ask a fish, will he give him a serpent? 
If ye t
74,the women, and the little ones, of every city, we left none to remain: 
On
70,unto them from before him: but Benjamin's mess was five times so much 
71,as little which thou hadst before I came, and it is now increased unto 
89, their cities. 
Now when John had heard in the prison the works of Christ, he sent two of
64,nherit. 
According to the lot shall the possession thereof be di
75,h the sacrifice of thanksgiving unleavened cakes mingled with oil, and unle
78,t the meat cut off before our eyes, yea, joy and gladness from the house of ou
85,is prophecy against me: for Tobiah and Sanballat had hired him. 
Therefore was he hir
83, not thought to see thy face: and, lo, God hath shewed me also thy seed. 
And Josep
70, a beast, whereof men bring an offering unto the LORD, all that any ma
68,rought unto thee. 
With gladness and rejoicing shall they be brought
93,e him, she declared unto him before all the people for what cause she had touched him, and ho
84,at they shall come again into this land: for the LORD your God is gracious and merci
90,usand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty men. 
And of the hundred talents of si
95,shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them. 
And if a man take a wife and her
85,s: return unto me; for I have redeemed thee. 
Sing, O ye heavens; for the LORD hath d
93,im, they shall spend their days in prosperity, and their years in pleasures. 
But if they obe
69,hen ye shall rise up from the ambush, and seize upon the city: for th
68,shall walk with the house of Israel, and they shall come together ou
84,ide of the tabernacle, and five bars for the boards of the tabernacle for the sides 
95,ave anointed him king in Gihon: and they are come up from thence rejoicing, so that the city ra
66, and, behold, the woman his concubine was fallen down at the door 
78, the righteous should be as the wicked, that be far from thee: Shall not the J
77,lackish by reason of the ice, and wherein the snow is hid: 
What time they wa
65,saith the Lord GOD; Behold, O mount Seir, I am against thee, and 
74,ansed. 
And he straitly charged him, and forthwith sent him away; 
And sai
73,r's sister: for she is thy mother's near kinswoman. 
Thou shalt not uncov
92, thou wilt, thou canst make me clean. 
And Jesus put forth his hand, and touched him, saying
94,the while we were with them keeping the sheep. 
Now therefore know and consider what thou wilt
76,t. 
But he, being full of compassion, forgave their iniquity, and destroyed 
86,l go out in the jubile. 
Notwithstanding the cities of the Levites, and the houses of 
65,ful and right, 
And hath not eaten upon the mountains, neither ha
87, thy law. 
I am a stranger in the earth: hide not thy commandments from me. 
My soul br
83,. 
Shew thy marvellous lovingkindness, O thou that savest by thy right hand them wh
67,LORD. 
Therefore, son of man, speak unto the house of Israel, and s
94,ncreased her whoredoms: for when she saw men pourtrayed upon the wall, the images of the Chald
68,oul loveth, where thou feedest, where thou makest thy flock to rest 
74,ed and said, 
If we assay to commune with thee, wilt thou be grieved? but 
82,ay of the month, upon the mountains of Ararat. 
And the waters decreased continual
81,they watered the flocks: and a great stone was upon the well's mouth. 
And thithe
71, said, O house of Israel: for I know the things that come into your min
85,ise of the horsemen, and of the wheels, and of the chariots, when he shall enter into
94, you when he was yet in Galilee, 
Saying, The Son of man must be delivered into the hands of s
74,the people, he saluted them. 
Then answered all the wicked men and men of 
67,d chief of the governors over all the wise men of Babylon. 
Then Da
85,r, and come not nigh the door of her house: 
Lest thou give thine honour unto others,
81,the ark of the covenant of the LORD of hosts, which dwelleth between the cherubim
73, that Pilate marvelled. 
Now at that feast he released unto them one pris
90, and said unto them, Your blood be upon your own heads; I am clean; from henceforth I will
95, out of his hand. 
And David arose, and he passed over with the six hundred men that were with 
96,it shall be inhabited, as in the days of old, saith the LORD. 
But fear not thou, O my servant J
88,he days of his flesh, when he had offered up prayers and supplications with strong cryin
87,is house. 
Thou therefore, and thy sons, and thy servants, shall till the land for him,
84,med for all thy doings, wherein thou hast transgressed against me: for then I will t
86,, O God, go forth with our hosts? 
Give us help from trouble: for vain is the help of 
89,re me; I have even heard thee also, saith the LORD. 
Behold, I will gather thee to thy fa
92,d they shall be one flesh. 
And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ash
72,eloved and longed for, my joy and crown, so stand fast in the Lord, my d
92,rd: for this is right. 
Honour thy father and mother; which is the first commandment with pr
83, hypocrisies, and envies, all evil speakings, 
As newborn babes, desire the sincere
67,f God: and the twelve were with him, 
And certain women, which had 
86,o evil in his sight? thou hast killed Uriah the Hittite with the sword, and hast taken
90,hey whose iniquities are forgiven, and whose sins are covered. 
Blessed is the man to whom
90,nah prayed, and said, My heart rejoiceth in the LORD, mine horn is exalted in the LORD: my
87, the precious things of heaven, for the dew, and for the deep that coucheth beneath, 
A
73,ORD: that it may be well with thee, and that thou mayest go in and posses
81,s a famine in the days of David three years, year after year; and David enquired 
88,or charged God foolishly. 
Again there was a day when the sons of God came to present th
65,o do well unto Jerusalem and to the house of Judah: fear ye not. 
75,rth. 
And whereas the king saw a watcher and an holy one coming down from h
75, he not unto them: 
That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prop
81,ated, and spitted on: 
And they shall scourge him, and put him to death: and the 
77,s name Benammi: the same is the father of the children of Ammon unto this day
95,hine affliction? thy sorrow is incurable for the multitude of thine iniquity: because thy sins 
72,he cloud departed not from them by day, to lead them in the way; neither
69,ren of Hagaba, the children of Shalmai, 
The children of Hanan, the c
84, Thou shalt go no more out with us to battle, that thou quench not the light of Isra
94, 
O thou that art named the house of Jacob, is the spirit of the LORD straitened? are these hi
86, ye horses; and rage, ye chariots; and let the mighty men come forth; the Ethiopians a
93,women, which had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities, Mary called Magdalene, out of w
76, was not the king of Israel, that they turned back from pursuing him. 
And a
94,p with thee, which frameth mischief by a law? 
They gather themselves together against the sou
71,the day of Christ. 
Being filled with the fruits of righteousness, whic
96, face of a cherub, and the second face was the face of a man, and the third the face of a lion, 
94,friend, forsake not; neither go into thy brother's house in the day of thy calamity: for bette
93,nointed him unto the LORD to be the chief governor, and Zadok to be priest. 
Then Solomon sat
73,h I should receive a thousand shekels of silver in mine hand, yet would I
76,nto the enemy's hand. 
He gave his people over also unto the sword; and was 
69, have not delivered their people out of mine hand, so shall not the G
94,sels, and sanctify the altar: and it shall be an altar most holy. 
And thou shalt anoint the l
87,ar of God. 
Receive us; we have wronged no man, we have corrupted no man, we have defra
86, by the space of two years; so that all they which dwelt in Asia heard the word of the
90,river Euphrates. 
Who is this that cometh up as a flood, whose waters are moved as the riv
86,come to you. 
Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: becau
71,e sea. 
And all the acts of his power and of his might, and the declara
87,after that ye have known God, or rather are known of God, how turn ye again to the weak
87,ood thereof round about upon the altar. 
And he shall offer of the sacrifice of the pea
75, and wept bitterly. 
And the men that held Jesus mocked him, and smote him.
71,r his soul? 
For the Son of man shall come in the glory of his Father w
67,ause thee to err, and destroy the way of thy paths. 
The LORD stand
82,bands, and the people that is with thee: I will give thee unto the ravenous birds 
73,ing him. But Mordecai bowed not, nor did him reverence. 
Then the king's 
74,th, and turneth about unto the north; it whirleth about continually, and t
80,m. 
I drew them with cords of a man, with bands of love: and I was to them as th
89, Woman, where are those thine accusers? hath no man condemned thee? 
She said, No man, Lo
88,ere is none like me, 
Declaring the end from the beginning, and from ancient times the t
77,men of thy confederacy have brought thee even to the border: the men that wer
88,m, Thus shall it be done to the man whom the king delighteth to honour. 
Then the king s
95,nd unto the married I command, yet not I, but the Lord, Let not the wife depart from her husban
81,sorry for my sin. 
But mine enemies are lively, and they are strong: and they tha
94,broken in pieces. 
But the soldiers of the army which Amaziah sent back, that they should not 
87,with broided hair, or gold, or pearls, or costly array; 
But (which becometh women prof
90,pearance of brightness, as the colour of amber. 
And he put forth the form of an hand, and
79,em, and brought them back into the guard chamber. 
Now the rest of the acts of 
74,ll be meat for you; for thee, and for thy servant, and for thy maid, and f
64, our Lord Jesus Christ, the Lord of glory, with respect of perso
79, king of Lasharon, one; 
The king of Madon, one; the king of Hazor, one; 
The k
83,d there is hope in thine end, saith the LORD, that thy children shall come again to
91, unto Aaron, saying, 
This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD hath commanded, sayin
69,ese shall ye eat of all that are in the waters: whatsoever hath fins 
77, but do lie; behold, I will make them to come and worship before thy feet, an
64,f beast. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
Cursed be he that 
74,hurch of the firstborn, which are written in heaven, and to God the Judge 
95,n which is in him? even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the Spirit of God. 
Now we hav
67,been no rain in the land. 
And the word of the LORD came unto him, 
75,sore vexed: but thou, O LORD, how long? 
Return, O LORD, deliver my soul: o
83, our God. 
Thus shalt thou say to the prophet, What hath the LORD answered thee? an
83, I might drive you out, and that ye might perish, ye, and the prophets that prophes
96,the LORD concerning Shemaiah the Nehelamite; Because that Shemaiah hath prophesied unto you, and
72, Come up hither; than that thou shouldest be put lower in the presence o
82,ierce, saying, He stirreth up the people, teaching throughout all Jewry, beginning
64,ith. 
And David divided them into courses among the sons of Levi
81,, the fishes of the sea also shall be taken away. 
Yet let no man strive, nor rep
90,he description hither to me, that I may cast lots for you here before the LORD our God. 
B
84,m as his goodly horse in the battle. 
Out of him came forth the corner, out of him t
91,art situate at the entry of the sea, which art a merchant of the people for many isles, Thu
92,y; and be content with your wages. 
And as the people were in expectation, and all men mused
90,of lands or houses sold them, and brought the prices of the things that were sold, 
And la
81,h given unto David a wise son over this great people. 
And Hiram sent to Solomon,
73, the baptism of John. 
And he began to speak boldly in the synagogue: who
67,efore his arm brought salvation unto him; and his righteousness, it
81,
And Jesus, moved with compassion, put forth his hand, and touched him, and saith
80,h this man all these things? 
And they were offended in him. But Jesus said unto
95, bear the king tidings, how that the LORD hath avenged him of his enemies. 
And Joab said unto 
66,s unto this day. 
There was nothing in the ark save the two tables
86,ath, to bring the ark of God from Kirjathjearim. 
And David went up, and all Israel, t
78,nd, and every bond wherewith she hath bound her soul shall stand. 
But if her 
81, lo, it shall not be bound up to be healed, to put a roller to bind it, to make i
71,bihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar. 
These are the names of the sons of Aaron, 
71,e righteous. But I said, My leanness, my leanness, woe unto me! the tre
70,and all his sons, and the whole house of the Rechabites; 
And I brough
93,shan; and they hanged Haman's ten sons. 
For the Jews that were in Shushan gathered themselve
92,the revelation of Jesus Christ. 
For ye have heard of my conversation in time past in the Je
66,ut his bow abode in strength, and the arms of his hands were made 
73, scab, and for a bright spot: 
To teach when it is unclean, and when it i
95,ights. 
And against the wall of the house he built chambers round about, against the walls of t
92,sand long, over against the oblation of the holy portion: it shall be for the whole house of
96,e days of Baalim, wherein she burned incense to them, and she decked herself with her earrings a
78,lion is in the streets. 
As the door turneth upon his hinges, so doth the slot
90,h became a prey and derision to the residue of the heathen that are round about; 
Therefor
66, whithersoever Saul sent him, and behaved himself wisely: and Saul
64,pirit, which is the word of God: 
Praying always with all prayer
66,me, Thou art my servant, O Israel, in whom I will be glorified. 
T
78,ifty years old, every one that entereth into the service, for the work in the 
89,my bonds, and in the defence and confirmation of the gospel, ye all are partakers of my g
69,and Zechariah and Jehiel, rulers of the house of God, gave unto the p
84, 
The sons of Joel; Shemaiah his son, Gog his son, Shimei his son, 
Micah his son, R
95,im, they reasoned among themselves, saying, This is the heir: come, let us kill him, that the i
83,
Now therefore kill every male among the little ones, and kill every woman that hat
89,lity and power: 
In whom also ye are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands
74, made an end of speaking unto all the people all the words of the LORD the
68,to the LORD against thee, and it be sin unto thee. 
Thou shalt surel
65, days of Abijah: and the LORD struck him, and he died. 
But Abija
78,at thou takest shall not be for thine honour; for the LORD shall sell Sisera i
96,ut before the children of Israel. 
And it came to pass, when Ahab heard those words, that he ren
94,t; for the spoiler of Moab shall come upon thee, and he shall destroy thy strong holds. 
O inh
82,, and bring them unto me. 
And if any man say ought unto you, ye shall say, The Lo
82,the people that were with Saul and Jonathan: but with Saul and with Jonathan his s
76, let us go up to Zion unto the LORD our God. 
For thus saith the LORD; Sing 
92, was pressed in the spirit, and testified to the Jews that Jesus was Christ. 
And when they 
81, 
For the LORD is our defence; and the Holy One of Israel is our king. 
Then thou
66,monition reject; 
Knowing that he that is such is subverted, and s
92,like Carmel, and the hair of thine head like purple; the king is held in the galleries. 
How
81,p, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that w
94,nd unleavened wafers anointed with oil, and cakes mingled with oil, of fine flour, fried. 
Bes
70,, and to give up thine enemies before thee; therefore shall thy camp b
93,
When thus it shall be in the midst of the land among the people, there shall be as the shaki
72,ittle hills rejoice on every side. 
The pastures are clothed with flocks
76,rness, thee and all the fish of thy rivers: thou shalt fall upon the open fi
77,athan gave his artillery unto his lad, and said unto him, Go, carry them to t
87,easure. 
They shall lie down alike in the dust, and the worms shall cover them. 
Behold
74,s an iniquity to be punished by the judges. 
For it is a fire that consume
69,e follow after the things which make for peace, and things wherewith 
90,d Abram the Hebrew; for he dwelt in the plain of Mamre the Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and
88,icked. 
He that is void of wisdom despiseth his neighbour: but a man of understanding ho
83,cupieth the room of the unlearned say Amen at thy giving of thanks, seeing he under
80,ither walk after other gods to your hurt: 
Then will I cause you to dwell in thi
73,ad with you, saith the Lord GOD. 
And I will cause you to pass under the 
84,en her, and the daughters of the famous nations, unto the nether parts of the earth,
88,s instead of her husband! 
They give gifts to all whores: but thou givest thy gifts to a
65,ame mind one toward another. Mind not high things, but condescend
84,all that thy soul desireth, and shalt be king over Israel. 
And it shall be, if thou
68,, and I am the least in my father's house. 
And the LORD said unto h
91,gs, and likewise Lazarus evil things: but now he is comforted, and thou art tormented. 
And
77, thou how Ahab humbleth himself before me? because he humbleth himself before
87,s in that day, that I will seek to destroy all the nations that come against Jerusalem.
78,nd the soldiers also mocked him, coming to him, and offering him vinegar, 
And
75, the women, and she obtained grace and favour in his sight more than all th
91,at all in peace, the LORD hath not spoken by me. And he said, Hearken, O people, every one 
64,holy things: for I the LORD do sanctify them. 
And the LORD spak
85,These are the families of Judah according to those that were numbered of them, threes
88,even cubits. 
So he measured the length thereof, twenty cubits; and the breadth, twenty 
70,fferings which we also suffer: or whether we be comforted, it is for y
80,ther did I anoint myself at all, till three whole weeks were fulfilled. 
And in 
89,good and right and truth before the LORD his God. 
And in every work that he began in the
71, violence to the stranger, the fatherless, nor the widow, neither shed 
96,eth down, that thou shalt mark the place where he shall lie, and thou shalt go in, and uncover h
84,ve, and not die; and let not his men be few. 
And this is the blessing of Judah: and
85,iah hath taken away, and said to Judah and to Jerusalem, Ye shall worship before this
81, Jordan. 
The border went out from Tappuah westward unto the river Kanah; and the
84,wn with the kid; and the calf and the young lion and the fatling together; and a lit
69,the sabbaths of the LORD, and beside your gifts, and beside all your 
70,GOD! behold, I cannot speak: for I am a child. 
But the LORD said unto
80, which be disobedient, the stone which the builders disallowed, the same is made
80,themselves together to Jerusalem. 
And the thing pleased the king and all the co
80, every one from his evil way, and from the evil of your doings, and dwell in the
65,eir fall. 
Correct thy son, and he shall give thee rest; yea, he 
72,your high ways shall be desolate. 
And if ye will not be reformed by me 
70,h thee, all of them riding upon horses, a great company, and a mighty 
94,e; for the LORD hath bidden him. 
It may be that the LORD will look on mine affliction, and th
93,daliah the son of Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon made governor in the land. 
Then all the c
84, then he blessed them, 
And he spake unto them, saying, Return with much riches unto
64,, and ran toward the army to meet the Philistine. 
And David put
94,up thine enemies before thee; therefore shall thy camp be holy: that he see no unclean thing i
86, which he had, even in a scrip; and his sling was in his hand: and he drew near to the
85,nts, that ye might do them in the land whither ye go over to possess it. 
Take ye the
82,l, master; and kissed him. 
And Jesus said unto him, Friend, wherefore art thou co
70,use of the money that was returned in our sacks at the first time are 
71,y could not in three days expound the riddle. 
And it came to pass on t
86,an, and a gatherer of sycomore fruit: 
And the LORD took me as I followed the flock, a
66,ing, brethren, how that not many wise men after the flesh, not man
91, divided in the earth after the flood. 
And the whole earth was of one language, and of one
74,hou son of man, wilt thou judge, wilt thou judge the bloody city? yea, tho
73, if a stranger sojourn with you, or whosoever be among you in your genera
89,t is better for thee to enter into life with one eye, rather than having two eyes to be c
74,and make the stars thereof dark; I will cover the sun with a cloud, and th
75,their number by their polls, man by man, was thirty and eight thousand. 
Of
77,s, and art found wanting. 
PERES; Thy kingdom is divided, and given to the Me
68, by thy name, to take away our reproach. 
In that day shall the bran
91,refore unto yourselves, and to all the flock, over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you o
84, the first year of his reign I Daniel understood by books the number of the years, w
96,o the LORD, which dwelleth in Zion: declare among the people his doings. 
When he maketh inquisi
69,ut of Egypt, from twenty years old and upward, shall see the land whi
89, Joab said, Wherefore wilt thou run, my son, seeing that thou hast no tidings ready? 
But
88,t the cities of Israel, and smote Ijon, and Dan, and Abelbethmaachah, and all Cinneroth,
64,of God, and doeth his will, him he heareth. 
Since the world beg
81, were all fallen on the edge of the sword, until they were consumed, that all the
92,e edifying. 
Now, brethren, if I come unto you speaking with tongues, what shall I profit yo
90,nsomuch that many said, He is dead. 
But Jesus took him by the hand, and lifted him up; an
71, whereof shall make glad the city of God, the holy place of the taberna
71, it: except the LORD keep the city, the watchman waketh but in vain. 
I
65,JEWS. 
And with him they crucify two thieves; the one on his righ
78,ntered into a certain man's house, named Justus, one that worshipped God, whos
90, day of the month, like unto the feast that is in Judah, and he offered upon the altar. So
84,r tell I you by what authority I do these things. 
Then began he to speak to the peo
73, may be most holy: whatsoever toucheth them shall be holy. 
And thou shal
64,be burnt with fire. 
And if any of the flesh of the sacrifice of
73,ehold. 
Then said the Lord to him, Put off thy shoes from thy feet: for t
74, 
Did not he that made me in the womb make him? and did not one fashion us
80,der evil for good are mine adversaries; because I follow the thing that good is.
78,h? 
They are destroyed from morning to evening: they perish for ever without a
88,to them, Doth this offend you? 
What and if ye shall see the Son of man ascend up where 
71,fore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will fe
88,rahiah his son, 
Meraioth his son, Amariah his son, Ahitub his son, 
Zadok his son, Ahim
84,s be on the field that they do reap, and go thou after them: have I not charged the 
79,nd month, a very great congregation. 
And they arose and took away the altars t
79,rding to the writing of Solomon his son. 
And stand in the holy place according
75,ror shall not make thee afraid, neither shall my hand be heavy upon thee. 

92, of brass, he lived. 
And the children of Israel set forward, and pitched in Oboth. 
And the
76, with thirst. 
Therefore hell hath enlarged herself, and opened her mouth wi
84,vant whole that had been sick. 
And it came to pass the day after, that he went into
84,ously. 
Ye have wearied the LORD with your words. Yet ye say, Wherein have we wearie
90, it to be inhabited: I am the LORD; and there is none else. 
I have not spoken in secret, 
86,d them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and rece
91,other Benjamin, his mother's son, and said, Is this your younger brother, of whom ye spake 
66, and Jonathan the sons of Kareah, and Seraiah the son of Tanhumeth
83,to Bethphage and Bethany, at the mount of Olives, he sendeth forth two of his disci
68,ime to every purpose under the heaven: 
A time to be born, and a tim
74, the LORD passed by before him, and proclaimed, The LORD, The LORD God, me
87,all that stood by him went out from him. 
And Ehud came unto him; and he was sitting in
88,ments of their service, and all that is made for them: so shall they serve. 
At the appo
87, path of thy commandments; for therein do I delight. 
Incline my heart unto thy testimo
81,eight of one pillar was eighteen cubits; and a fillet of twelve cubits did compas
95, behold, I will save thee from afar off, and thy seed from the land of their captivity; and Jac
96, one portion of fifty, both of man and of beast, and gave them unto the Levites, which kept the 
89,the other Zillah. 
And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and 
91,ohanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces that were with him, all the re
64,ng, Yea, let him take all, forasmuch as my lord the king is come
