1000
91,his mother, and she was a widow: and much people of the city was with her. 
And when the Lo
93,n of valour. 
And there came out against them Zerah the Ethiopian with an host of a thousand 
84,oiada the priest, which stood above the people, and said unto them, Thus saith God, 
67, the daughter of the king, took Joash the son of Ahaziah, and stole
86,nd Egypt, with their gods, and their kings; even Pharaoh, and all them that trust in h
91, Gentiles; how much more their fulness? 
For I speak to you Gentiles, inasmuch as I am the 
83, good things. 
Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, tha
67,the brother of Joab, and Zebadiah his son after him: and in his cou
67,er places; 
And many of the brethren in the Lord, waxing confident 
91,whom we have oftentimes proved diligent in many things, but now much more diligent, upon th
71,ne law shall be to him that is homeborn, and unto the stranger that soj
81,em in thy skirts. 
Then take of them again, and cast them into the midst of the f
72,d let them be silent in the grave. 
Let the lying lips be put to silence
83,en unto the going down of the same my name shall be great among the Gentiles; and i
65,ld, till seven times pass over him; 
This is the interpretation, 
68, sons of Becher. 
And the number of them, after their genealogy by t
68, queen. 
And the sister of Tahpenes bare him Genubath his son, whom 
66,e! 
When thou didst terrible things which we looked not for, thou 
64,the name of the other was Eliezer; for the God of my father, sai
91,w that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will. 
An
78, and spareth not. 
The sacrifice of the wicked is abomination: how much more, 
89,rs, because they knew him not, nor yet the voices of the prophets which are read every sa
79,om as a stone. 
Thy right hand, O LORD, is become glorious in power: thy right 
94,n time to come, saying, What is this? that thou shalt say unto him, By strength of hand the LO
82,neither bread, nor parched corn, nor green ears, until the selfsame day that ye ha
70, the Canaanite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, an
96, them the next sabbath. 
Now when the congregation was broken up, many of the Jews and religious
72, lose himself, or be cast away? 
For whosoever shall be ashamed of me an
85, at rest. 
There the prisoners rest together; they hear not the voice of the oppresso
83,ng of the day, and compassed the city after the same manner seven times: only on th
70,ity, and, behold, it was burned with fire; and their wives, and their 
76,s and the legs in water; and Moses burnt the whole ram upon the altar: it wa
85,ey shall speak with the enemies in the gate. 
Blessed is every one that feareth the L
95,lease God that thou mayest curse me them from thence. 
And Balak brought Balaam unto the top of
81, the height in the breadth was five cubits, answerable to the hangings of the cou
69, thee, my brother Jonathan: very pleasant hast thou been unto me: thy
76,y thee, speak unto the king; for he will not withhold me from thee. 
Howbeit
94, of their death, living in widowhood. 
Then said the king to Amasa, Assemble me the men of Jud
89,nor regard man; 
Yet because this widow troubleth me, I will avenge her, lest by her cont
72,nd of the world; and the reapers are the angels. 
As therefore the tares
80,RD your God did for you in Egypt before your eyes? 
Unto thee it was shewed, tha
93, substance. 
The king by judgment establisheth the land: but he that receiveth gifts overthro
65,chief of the priests, Sherebiah, Hashabiah, and ten of their bret
84,look we for another? 
When the men were come unto him, they said, John Baptist hath 
94, as the Anakims; but the LORD destroyed them before them; and they succeeded them, and dwelt i
72,ye? for sinners also lend to sinners, to receive as much again. 
But lov
89,the siege in Jerusalem? 
Doth not Hezekiah persuade you to give over yourselves to die by
75, was at Joppa a certain disciple named Tabitha, which by interpretation is 
95,d rest, they did evil again before thee: therefore leftest thou them in the land of their enemi
64,t were of the Pharisees' part arose, and strove, saying, We find
67,, there shall ye give him his inheritance, saith the Lord GOD. 
Now
76,e flesh, with fear and trembling, in singleness of your heart, as unto Chris
64,d in the streets, that they may have glory of men. Verily I say 
70,osoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him,
96, and given them to me. 
And it came to pass at the time that the cattle conceived, that I lifted
93,take away sins. 
Wherefore when he cometh into the world, he saith, Sacrifice and offering th
89,too little for us, from which we are not cleansed until this day, although there was a pl
89,e and evil beasts, and they shall bereave thee: and pestilence and blood shall pass throu
91,e: smite therefore upon thy thigh. 
Because it is a trial, and what if the sword contemn ev
76,that young man is. 
And the king was much moved, and went up to the chamber 
78,on, and not of commandment. 
For I would that all men were even as I myself. B
89,, by a statute for ever. 
And the priest, whom he shall anoint, and whom he shall consecr
68,self cometh to the grave. It was a cave, and a stone lay upon it. 
J
84,Behold, I will set my face against you for evil, and to cut off all Judah. 
And I wi
78,house of our God, was allied unto Tobiah: 
And he had prepared for him a great
78, keep yourselves from the accursed thing, lest ye make yourselves accursed, wh
85,red: 
His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thir
92, well set hair baldness; and instead of a stomacher a girding of sackcloth; and burning inst
93, a pitcher of water: follow him. 
And wheresoever he shall go in, say ye to the goodman of th
73,o him again? 
For of him, and through him, and to him, are all things: to
76,halt thou be brought down with the trees of Eden unto the nether parts of th
70,, and Satan came also among them. 
And the LORD said unto Satan, Whenc
90, of the earth: 
And all these blessings shall come on thee, and overtake thee, if thou sha
91,David how the men were served. And he sent to meet them: for the men were greatly ashamed. 
73,have I no power to deliver? behold, at my rebuke I dry up the sea, I make
74,ot despise a thief, if he steal to satisfy his soul when he is hungry; 
Bu
87,l die by the sword; their sons and their daughters shall die by famine: 
And there shal
94, they whom ye slew at Tabor? And they answered, As thou art, so were they; each one resembled 
70,e children are my children, and these cattle are my cattle, and all th
92, the house of David apart, and their wives apart; the family of the house of Nathan apart, a
95,d fruit. 
For every tree is known by his own fruit. For of thorns men do not gather figs, nor o
64,ew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and said, I h
95, a glad father: but a foolish son is the heaviness of his mother. 
Treasures of wickedness prof
67,ome ye down, and fetch it up to you. 
And the men of Kirjathjearim 
92,Therefore, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will even do according to thine anger, and accor
84, corn blasted before it be grown up. 
But I know thy abode, and thy going out, and t
77,and serve us. 
And the Philistine said, I defy the armies of Israel this day;
72,f the priest again. 
And if the priest see that, behold, the scab spread
85,ter, or as a fool to the correction of the stocks; 
Till a dart strike through his li
89,r the priest took the brasen censers, wherewith they that were burnt had offered; and the
69,ut off concerning the former conversation the old man, which is corru
84, offering, of the sabbaths, of the new moons, for the set feasts, and for the holy t
64,the seed of copulation, shall be washed with water, and be uncle
87,Perez that dwelt at Jerusalem were four hundred threescore and eight valiant men. 
And 
95,for your state. 
For all seek their own, not the things which are Jesus Christ's. 
But ye know 
89,hundred and thirty. 
The priests: the children of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine h
85,t thou art the same, and thy years shall not fail. 
But to which of the angels said h
76,abernacle toward the east, even before the tabernacle of the congregation ea
84, that time forth began Jesus to shew unto his disciples, how that he must go unto Je
75,uge for the slayer; and Gezer with her suburbs, 
And Kibzaim with her subur
90,ts. 
And when he had begun to reckon, one was brought unto him, which owed him ten thousan
83,rding to that which is in mine heart and in my mind: and I will build him a sure ho
85, the inheritance of them. 
And the third lot came up for the children of Zebulun acco
73, heart, having no necessity, but hath power over his own will, and hath s
89, son of Abinoam on that day, saying, 
Praise ye the LORD for the avenging of Israel, when
69,ithin: he that is in the field shall die with the sword; and he that 
94, him; and not on him only, but on me also, lest I should have sorrow upon sorrow. 
I sent him 
91,are appointed to destruction. 
Open thy mouth, judge righteously, and plead the cause of th
70,hat he hath heard them; then he shall bear her iniquity. 
These are th
66,LORD plead with all flesh: and the slain of the LORD shall be many
96,hat believed not? 
So we see that they could not enter in because of unbelief. 
Let us therefore
93,d the prophet Gad said unto David, Abide not in the hold; depart, and get thee into the land 
83,, Legion: because many devils were entered into him. 
And they besought him that he
69, Jezreel, and Jokdeam, and Zanoah, 
Cain, Gibeah, and Timnah; ten cit
86,gat sons and daughters. 
And Nahor lived nine and twenty years, and begat Terah: 
And 
83,n, which had been brought up with Herod the tetrarch, and Saul. 
As they ministered
75, bosom again. And he put his hand into his bosom again; and plucked it out 
81,ein ye go. 
Then the five men departed, and came to Laish, and saw the people tha
94,led in us. 
For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the s
68, peace. 
And it came to pass afterward, that he went throughout ever
85, for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan: now therefore, we pray thee, let thy s
85,es in mount Sinai. 
And these are the names of the sons of Aaron; Nadab the firstborn
64,ye compare unto him? 
The workman melteth a graven image, and th
78,y to his face? and who shall repay him what he hath done? 
Yet shall he be bro
94,ee of Esther confirmed these matters of Purim; and it was written in the book. 
And the king A
70,e. 
And they took the things which Micah had made, and the priest whic
75, scorneth the horse and his rider. 
Hast thou given the horse strength? has
77,ning the Levites, so did they unto them. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, sayi
71, with all the congregation? 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Sp
65,h of every side chamber, four cubits, round about the house on ev
94,ORD spake unto Joshua the son of Nun, Moses' minister, saying, 
Moses my servant is dead; now 
73,modad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah, 
Hadoram also, and Uzal, 
88,
And so it was, when the cloud was a few days upon the tabernacle; according to the comm
67,asen shields, and committed them unto the hands of the chief of the
78,uld do. 
And when we departed from Horeb, we went through all that great and t
76,athered the rulers of the city, and went up to the house of the LORD. 
And t
82,d unto Moses, See, I have made thee a god to Pharaoh: and Aaron thy brother shall 
83,f Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem; 
And say thou unto them, Thus saith t
75, them no more at all. 
The merchants of these things, which were made rich 
83,hou puttest thine hand unto. 
For the poor shall never cease out of the land: there
79, Of the fruit of thy body will I set upon thy throne. 
If thy children will kee
65,is hands. 
And he smote them from Aroer, even till thou come to M
88,ter into the kingdom of heaven. 
Ye have heard that it was said of them of old time, Tho
84,hu, and seventy of the elders of Israel: 
And they saw the God of Israel: and there 
92, like the noise of a flame of fire that devoureth the stubble, as a strong people set in bat
92, the children of Israel went on dry land in the midst of the sea. 
And Miriam the prophetess
71,ophet, saying, 
Behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring f
94,and pearls! 
For in one hour so great riches is come to nought. And every shipmaster, and all 
90,rusalem. 
In the eighteenth year of the reign of Josiah was this passover kept. 
After all
83,ultitude of men and cattle therein: 
For I, saith the LORD, will be unto her a wall
72,liver him that smote his brother, that we may kill him, for the life of 
72,, because he hath brought up an evil name upon a virgin of Israel: and s
91,pon the water, and made the children of Israel drink of it. 
And Moses said unto Aaron, Wha
70,bed? and not to be set on a candlestick? 
For there is nothing hid, wh
88,e word of the LORD came to me, saying. 
Son of man, behold, they of the house of Israel 
73,ed: 
But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the 
79,as upon him. 
Now his parents went to Jerusalem every year at the feast of the 
93,s, and divers washings, and carnal ordinances, imposed on them until the time of reformation.
82, them. 
Evil men understand not judgment: but they that seek the LORD understand a
70,n said Paul unto him, God shall smite thee, thou whited wall: for sitt
66,le. 
For it was of the LORD to harden their hearts, that they shou
68,ophesying of Haggai the prophet and Zechariah the son of Iddo. And t
64,les in the ark which I had made; and there they be, as the LORD 
69,vers to run like oil, saith the Lord GOD. 
When I shall make the land
65,ved come into his garden, and eat his pleasant fruits. 
I am come
96,: 
And I will clothe him with thy robe, and strengthen him with thy girdle, and I will commit th
84,
But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground. 
94,which is good for nothing. 
For as the girdle cleaveth to the loins of a man, so have I caused
95,established for evermore. 
According to all these words, and according to all this vision, so d
79,d. 
But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God
90,rit like a dove descending upon him: 
And there came a voice from heaven, saying, Thou art
89,And the servant took ten camels of the camels of his master, and departed; for all the go
93,, mine honour, be not thou united: for in their anger they slew a man, and in their selfwill 
80,ou unto thee of all food that is eaten, and thou shalt gather it to thee; and it
66,he day is holy; neither be ye grieved. 
And all the people went th
92, strength unto thy holy habitation. 
The people shall hear, and be afraid: sorrow shall take
81,ays unequal? 
When a righteous man turneth away from his righteousness, and commi
75,r hair, and made them swear by God, saying, Ye shall not give your daughter
95,they may make a league with thee, and that thou mayest reign over all that thine heart desireth
73,ll I make thine enemies thy footstool. 
David therefore calleth him Lord,
71,structed for the building of the house of God. The length by cubits aft
67,o the LORD. 
And that which is left of the meat offering shall be A
78,s. And they made Solomon the son of David king the second time, and anointed h
68,ayest remember, and be confounded, and never open thy mouth any more
66,of the youth. 
Happy is the man that hath his quiver full of them:
95,nd in every place where the grounded staff shall pass, which the LORD shall lay upon him, it sh
68,be despised. 
He that is despised, and hath a servant, is better tha
67,them: the pleasant places for their silver, nettles shall possess t
74, let him glorify God on this behalf. 
For the time is come that judgment m
79, them of Israel on this side Jordan westward in all the business of the LORD, a
66,ned in our sacks at the first time are we brought in; that he may 
78,cording to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment. 
Then said some of th
67,the law of her husband. 
So then if, while her husband liveth, she 
66,ding to all that I have commanded thee, and shalt observe my statu
72, they have iron chariots, and though they be strong. 
And the whole cong
93,ong wilt thou not depart from me, nor let me alone till I swallow down my spittle? 
I have si
82,y people after their language, and to the Jews according to their writing, and acc
69,nto you, That in heaven their angels do always behold the face of my 
94,ed like the rivers; and he saith, I will go up, and will cover the earth; I will destroy the c
74,e body, the church: who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead; tha
86,eth them out of the hand of the wicked. 
Light is sown for the righteous, and gladness
88,from me? it is not so. 
And David sware moreover, and said, Thy father certainly knoweth
94,for I have desired it. 
I will abundantly bless her provision: I will satisfy her poor with br
89,d oil, unto them of Zidon, and to them of Tyre, to bring cedar trees from Lebanon to the 
73,s my beloved, and this is my friend, O daughters of Jerusalem. 
Whither i
81,heir tribes. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; Let it suffice you, O princes of Israel: r
77,em into thine hand; there shall not a man of them stand before thee. 
Joshua 
93,praised and honoured him that liveth for ever, whose dominion is an everlasting dominion, and
87,ar, or whether they will forbear: for they are most rebellious. 
But thou, son of man, 
77, from them. 
They have dealt treacherously against the LORD: for they have be
70, fourth kingdom upon earth, which shall be diverse from all kingdoms, 
73,ul sware to her by the LORD, saying, As the LORD liveth, there shall no p
69,nister in the priest's office in his father's stead, shall make the a
86, the wind boisterous, he was afraid; and beginning to sink, he cried, saying, Lord, sa
81,e, except ye utter by the tongue words easy to be understood, how shall it be kno
95,. 
And now, O Lord our God, that hast brought thy people forth out of the land of Egypt with a 
68, to thresh her: yet a little while, and the time of her harvest shal
94,n by the door is the shepherd of the sheep. 
To him the porter openeth; and the sheep hear his
77,ur God is one Lord: 
And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart,
69,rbs they shall eat it. 
Eat not of it raw, nor sodden at all with wat
91,rderer rising with the light killeth the poor and needy, and in the night is as a thief. 
T
94,on of Kore, the son of Ebiasaph, the son of Korah, and his brethren, of the house of his fathe
82,. 
The iniquity of Ephraim is bound up; his sin is hid. 
The sorrows of a travaili
83,ah an inheritor of my mountains: and mine elect shall inherit it, and my servants s
82,as the stars of the sky in multitude, and as the sand which is by the sea shore in
66,his sons, and upon the thumb of their right hand, and upon the gre
71,w the chief captain and the soldiers, they left beating of Paul. 
Then 
81,e this day in your generations by an ordinance for ever. 
In the first month, on 
83,icing. 
And when he cometh home, he calleth together his friends and neighbours, sa
75,ous cloth; thou shalt say unto it, Get thee hence. 
Then shall he give the 
68, of destruction. 
In that day shall there be an altar to the LORD in
73, and wheat, and beasts, and sheep, and horses, and chariots, and slaves, 
91,s which they have committed. 
Also, thou son of man, the children of thy people still are t
71, into the village over against you, and straightway ye shall find an as
91,desire, your mourning, your fervent mind toward me; so that I rejoiced the more. 
For thoug
90,ry man unto his city. 
Now there was a man of Benjamin, whose name was Kish, the son of Ab
64,l multiply him exceedingly; twelve princes shall he beget, and I
89,p my saying, he shall never taste of death. 
Art thou greater than our father Abraham, wh
76,disciples, we tarried there seven days: who said to Paul through the Spirit,
87,rom you, with all malice: 
And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one 
73,ng thou mayest kill and eat flesh in all thy gates, whatsoever thy soul l
86, there any God beside thee, according to all that we have heard with our ears. 
And wh
64,n travelling into a far country, who called his own servants, an
89,t he polled it: because the hair was heavy on him, therefore he polled it:) he weighed th
73,Philistines: and they slew of the army in the field about four thousand m
85, give thee there a trembling heart, and failing of eyes, and sorrow of mind: 
And thy
74,eliverance in the earth; neither have the inhabitants of the world fallen.
83,rdan, where John was baptizing. 
The next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him, and
65,not come of myself, but he that sent me is true, whom ye know not
74,ts; all joy is darkened, the mirth of the land is gone. 
In the city is le
68,esor, where those that were left behind stayed. 
But David pursued, 
79, and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love; and he that dwelleth i
90, me. 
The LORD grant you that ye may find rest, each of you in the house of her husband. T
86,e. 
But there are some of you that believe not. For Jesus knew from the beginning who 
82,creepeth upon the earth. 
For I am the LORD that bringeth you up out of the land o
64,ai; Zechariah the son of Bebai, and with him twenty and eight ma
67,ge for the slayer; and Beeshterah with her suburbs; two cities. 
An
69, spoken concerning him; The virgin, the daughter of Zion, hath despis
87,th the LORD, they shall bring out the bones of the kings of Judah, and the bones of his
84,raitened, and his own counsel shall cast him down. 
For he is cast into a net by his
95,s: of Areli, the family of the Arelites. 
These are the families of the children of Gad accordi
76,, Thou art my father, my God, and the rock of my salvation. 
Also I will mak
66,rt thou any thing better than Balak the son of Zippor, king of Moa
74,all his children throughout all the countries of Judah and Benjamin, unto 
87,rth mourn, and they shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power 
94,amber to the highest by the midst. 
I saw also the height of the house round about: the founda
87,l flesh shall know that I the LORD am thy Saviour and thy Redeemer, the mighty One of J
94,d children, and all that he had, and payment to be made. 
The servant therefore fell down, and
82, children of Israel? saith the LORD. 
But ye gave the Nazarites wine to drink; and
79,ptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: 
94,e ground. 
But the angel of the LORD did no more appear to Manoah and to his wife. Then Manoah
91,lory of God by us. 
Now he which stablisheth us with you in Christ, and hath anointed us, i
66,and took every man his men that were to come in on the sabbath, wi
64,rding to his wickedness. 
And when Saul's son heard that Abner w
91, be a great multitude, and there are with your golden calves, which Jeroboam made you for g
87,deal truly; he is just, he shall surely live, saith the Lord GOD. 
If he beget a son th
91,Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his stead, and strengthened himself against Israel. 
And he 
95, a lock of mine head; and the spirit lifted me up between the earth and the heaven, and brought
96,el out of the land which I have given them; and this house, which I have hallowed for my name, w
95,ist: 
To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be kno
91,e rested themselves upon the words of Hezekiah king of Judah. 
After this did Sennacherib k
76,cast dust on their heads, and cried, weeping and wailing, saying, Alas, alas
69,u hast gone aside to another instead of thy husband, and if thou be d
92,uth? 
Then Baruch answered them, He pronounced all these words unto me with his mouth, and I
89,, even for the children of Naphtali according to their families. 
And their coast was fro
89,for the LORD, and the other lot for the scapegoat. 
And Aaron shall bring the goat upon w
88,zron, and Carmi. 
And the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Z
83,er. 
Now the rest of the acts of Nadab, and all that he did, are they not written i
78,s.) 
For our conversation is in heaven; from whence also we look for the Savio
79, And he judged Israel twenty years. 
And there was a man of mount Ephraim, whos
69,d to David. 
And David said, Solomon my son is young and tender, and 
95,ne hands together, and I will cause my fury to rest: I the LORD have said it. 
The word of the 
69,to judge me after the law, and commandest me to be smitten contrary t
88,t stumble? 
As a beast goeth down into the valley, the Spirit of the LORD caused him to 
67, thy lord. 
Then he which had received the one talent came and said
86,tead of well set hair baldness; and instead of a stomacher a girding of sackcloth; and
77,, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door
74,e left side of the temple, along by the altar and the temple, by the king 
74,though they called them to the most High, none at all would exalt him. 
Ho
72,ing, Fight ye not with small or great, save only with the king of Israel
78, up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber. 
But he that entereth in
87,ed, according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses. 
And when they came unto th
80,aid, Go up; for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the king. 
And Jehosh
92, great men were bound in chains. 
Thou also shalt be drunken: thou shalt be hid, thou also s
90,Their webs shall not become garments, neither shall they cover themselves with their works
68,em, to keep the dedication with gladness, both with thanksgivings, a
75,y be turned away from thy city Jerusalem, thy holy mountain: because for ou
90,one member suffer, all the members suffer with it; or one member be honoured, all the memb
94,hine heart: and all the increase of thine house shall die in the flower of their age. 
And thi
81,ers may be multiplied in the land of Egypt. 
And Moses and Aaron did all these wo
65,h his voice; great things doeth he, which we cannot comprehend. 

90,n Hebrew, one of his brethren. 
And he looked this way and that way, and when he saw that 
68,rom the vessels of cups, even to all the vessels of flagons. 
In tha
96, that war in your members? 
Ye lust, and have not: ye kill, and desire to have, and cannot obtai
71,ith unto him, Follow me. 
Then Peter, turning about, seeth the disciple
77,ntreat for thee, and for thy servants, and for thy people, to destroy the fro
67,e LORD thy God. Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his mother's milk. 

86,ts are no spies. 
And he said unto them, Nay, but to see the nakedness of the land ye 
72,d thigh with a great slaughter: and he went down and dwelt in the top of
79,ght hand of falsehood: 
That our sons may be as plants grown up in their youth;
87,he street, to them that went over. 
Awake, awake; put on thy strength, O Zion; put on t
95,ckcloth, and wallow thyself in ashes: make thee mourning, as for an only son, most bitter lamen
81, Ephesdammim. 
And Saul and the men of Israel were gathered together, and pitched
78,D your God. 
Now Korah, the son of Izhar, the son of Kohath, the son of Levi, 
69,im not see his days? 
Some remove the landmarks; they violently take 
74,d we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren. 
But whoso hath this wo
95,ges: 
Zenan, and Hadashah, and Migdalgad, 
And Dilean, and Mizpeh, and Joktheel, 
Lachish, and 
84, of the Gadites; and Golan in Bashan, of the Manassites. 
And this is the law which 
67,after you. But she told not her husband Nabal. 
And it was so, as s
77,: it shall have a binding of woven work round about the hole of it, as it wer
86,nto thine handmaid, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me, and he sha
91,ld first have been spoken to you: but seeing ye put it from you, and judge yourselves unwor
87,it. 
But they, supposing him to have been in the company, went a day's journey; and the
74,cease: for the virgin daughter of my people is broken with a great breach,
96,rs; and the space of the seven sabbaths of years shall be unto thee forty and nine years. 
Then 
95,llor, from his city, even from Giloh, while he offered sacrifices. And the conspiracy was stron
69,efore me, as the breach of waters. Therefore he called the name of th
84,t weep now: for ye shall laugh. 
Blessed are ye, when men shall hate you, and when t
80,Mordecai: wherefore Haman sought to destroy all the Jews that were throughout th
64,r upon the wood that is on the fire which is upon the altar: 
Bu
92,f our solemnities: thine eyes shall see Jerusalem a quiet habitation, a tabernacle that shal
91,will bereave them of children, I will destroy my people since they return not from their wa
76,condemneth not himself in that thing which he alloweth. 
And he that doubtet
91,rist hath suffered for us in the flesh, arm yourselves likewise with the same mind: for he 
95,y the carcase. 
And, behold, men passed by, and saw the carcase cast in the way, and the lion s
87,e LORD of hosts. 
Therefore it is come to pass, that as he cried, and they would not he
92,usness, it sustained him. 
For he put on righteousness as a breastplate, and an helmet of sa
72, on whomsoever it shall fall, it will grind him to powder. 
And the chie
95,e put to the worse before the enemy, because they have sinned against thee; and shall return an
79,ed unto him. 
And as the lame man which was healed held Peter and John, all the
70,to death: but be ye with the king when he cometh in, and when he goeth
82,Canaanites spread abroad. 
And the border of the Canaanites was from Sidon, as tho
69,, as soon as he came nigh unto the camp, that he saw the calf, and th
94, milk, they were more ruddy in body than rubies, their polishing was of sapphire: 
Their visag
68,not pass over it? 
But this people hath a revolting and a rebellious
73,it: 
And they took it, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and the k
69, seven empty ears blasted with the east wind shall be seven years of 
87, him, and he healed them all; 
And charged them that they should not make him known: 
T
79,ow I had not been beforetime sad in his presence. 
Wherefore the king said unto
92,shall the Lord, the Lord of hosts, send among his fat ones leanness; and under his glory he 
86,y name, and he followeth not us: and we forbad him, because he followeth not us. 
But 
93, passed over before the LORD unto battle, to the plains of Jericho. 
On that day the LORD mag
64,s lifted up on high, because of his people Israel. 
And David to
65,of the children of Heth, even of all that went in at the gate of 
85,nd upon all them that believe: for there is no difference: 
For all have sinned, and 
91, 
Then thou shalt say unto them, I presented my supplication before the king, that he would
92,ich is in the end of the year, when thou hast gathered in thy labours out of the field. 
Thr
66,d you. 
And they departed quickly from the sepulchre with fear and
79,greatly; and a great company of the priests were obedient to the faith. 
And St
85,emission of sins. 
While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them
91,adiah the son of Jehiel, and with him two hundred and eighteen males. 
And of the sons of S
78,at the man of the earth may no more oppress. 
In the LORD put I my trust: how 
93,all devour the palaces thereof. 
Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Edom, and f
79,swear by God: but he stiffened his neck, and hardened his heart from turning un
85,nd he said unto me, Take it, and eat it up; and it shall make thy belly bitter, but i
84, in the gate. And all the people came before the king: for Israel had fled every man
91,and ye shall know that I am the LORD. 
For thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou hast clapp
87,LORD, to do after all that is written in this book. 
And Hilkiah, and they that the kin
84, who met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him; 
To who
86,ake thee. 
Neither shalt thou set thee up any image; which the LORD thy God hateth. 
T
71,hy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne? why then 
96,his own works were evil, and his brother's righteous. 
Marvel not, my brethren, if the world hat
91,here was a garden; and in the garden a new sepulchre, wherein was never man yet laid. 
Ther
96,me, saith the LORD. 
Your fathers, where are they? and the prophets, do they live for ever? 
But
93,rmost basket there was of all manner of bakemeats for Pharaoh; and the birds did eat them out
89,y servants come. 
We are all one man's sons; we are true men, thy servants are no spies. 
79,id, Hath the LORD indeed spoken only by Moses? hath he not spoken also by us? A
84,that I may impart unto you some spiritual gift, to the end ye may be established; 
T
74,ecause of the children of Israel. 
And Moab said unto the elders of Midian
84,te had mingled with their sacrifices. 
And Jesus answering said unto them, Suppose y
75, all his vessels, and the shewbread, 
The candlestick also for the light, a
68,what is good; and what doth the LORD require of thee, but to do just
85,d Moses said unto him, As soon as I am gone out of the city, I will spread abroad my 
92,e wind shall eat up all thy pastors, and thy lovers shall go into captivity: surely then sha
79,s always in remembrance. 
For we have not followed cunningly devised fables, wh
77,the LORD. And Nathan said unto David, The LORD also hath put away thy sin; th
64,unto him, I pray thee, if I have found favour in thine eyes, tar
85,and Paul I know; but who are ye? 
And the man in whom the evil spirit was leaped on t
73,r; yet he knoweth it not in great extremity: 
Therefore doth Job open his
64, ears. 
God understandeth the way thereof, and he knoweth the pl
70,all be sanctified in her. 
For I will send into her pestilence, and bl
90,rusalem and to the house of Judah: fear ye not. 
These are the things that ye shall do; Sp
93, as touching the dead, that they rise: have ye not read in the book of Moses, how in the bush
93,handle not: feet have they, but they walk not: neither speak they through their throat. 
They
78,ou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, 
Honour thy father and 
66,(that is, in my flesh,) dwelleth no good thing: for to will is pre
86, the like gift as he did unto us, who believed on the Lord Jesus Christ; what was I, t
92,Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come from God: for no man can do these miracles that 
91,s of water for the congregation, and for the altar of the LORD, even unto this day, in the 
79,over against their younger brethren. 
Moreover David and the captains of the ho
71, oppressed any, hath not withholden the pledge, neither hath spoiled by
94,h upon Uzzah: and he called the name of the place Perezuzzah to this day. 
And David was afrai
68,, and Jashubilehem. And these are ancient things. 
These were the po
96,RD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he also is flesh: yet his days sha
66,out of all Manasseh, and pursued after the Midianites. 
And Gideon
79,ngs of the children of Israel, which they offer unto the LORD; 
Or suffer them 
86, slew a lion in a pit in a snowy day. 
And he slew an Egyptian, a man of great stature
91,aid, Balaam the son of Beor hath said, and the man whose eyes are open hath said: 
He hath 
83,neyard. 
And Jezebel his wife said unto him, Dost thou now govern the kingdom of Is
86, highway of the upright is to depart from evil: he that keepeth his way preserveth his
67,we go up to Jerusalem; and the Son of man shall be delivered unto t
86, looked on his disciples, he rebuked Peter, saying, Get thee behind me, Satan: for tho
88,filed withal, and it be hid from him; when he knoweth of it, then he shall be guilty. 
O
95, great things and unsearchable; marvellous things without number: 
Who giveth rain upon the ear
70,l of love until the morning: let us solace ourselves with loves. 
For 
92,srael. 
Then said Absalom, Call now Hushai the Archite also, and let us hear likewise what h
70, a young man's feet, whose name was Saul. 
And they stoned Stephen, ca
82,ng be swallowed up, and all the people that are with him. 
Now Jonathan and Ahimaa
69, people shall hear, and fear, and do no more presumptuously. 
When th
84,erish, but have eternal life. 
For God so loved the world, that he gave his only beg
80,yourselves; for ye saw no manner of similitude on the day that the LORD spake un
77, wall, and the beam out of the timber shall answer it. 
Woe to him that build
74,rs come to thee, would they not leave some gleaning grapes? if thieves by 
85,h of the sacrifice of peace offerings, which pertain unto the LORD, even that soul sh
91,al fathers over against their younger brethren. 
Moreover David and the captains of the hos
89,and forgetteth the covenant of her God. 
For her house inclineth unto death, and her path
94,g refuse ye to keep my commandments and my laws? 
See, for that the LORD hath given you the sa
84,ng his sons. 
And Samuel said, How can I go? if Saul hear it, he will kill me. And t
94,: come unto the marriage. 
But they made light of it, and went their ways, one to his farm, an
70,behold, he keepeth the sheep. And Samuel said unto Jesse, Send and fet
95,re is one kind of flesh of men, another flesh of beasts, another of fishes, and another of bird
79,dments, and his judgments, and his testimonies, as it is written in the law of 
86,f him abideth in you, and ye need not that any man teach you: but as the same anointin
76,res, 
And said unto them, Thus it is written, and thus it behoved Christ to 
80,r: and he said, Smite the lintel of the door, that the posts may shake: and cut 
64,a the son of Hadlai, stood up against them that came from the wa
67,rve me; for I wait on thee. 
Redeem Israel, O God, out of all his t
64,was come near, he beheld the city, and wept over it, 
Saying, If
83, he called his son Joseph, and said unto him, If now I have found grace in thy sigh
69,ver. 
As the mountains are round about Jerusalem, so the LORD is roun
91,profit, that we might be partakers of his holiness. 
Now no chastening for the present seem
73,ss, into her place, where she is nourished for a time, and times, and hal
74,ll give few: every one shall give of his cities unto the Levites according
74, create: for, behold, I create Jerusalem a rejoicing, and her people a joy
78,es, The stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the 
72, bare you on eagles' wings, and brought you unto myself. 
Now therefore,
77,ellious nation that hath rebelled against me: they and their fathers have tra
78,And all king Solomon's drinking vessels were of gold, and all the vessels of t
84,the children of Koz, the children of Barzillai; which took a wife of the daughters o
91,the bottle in the sight of the men that go with thee, 
And shalt say unto them, Thus saith 
88, of cedar, among thy merchandise. 
The ships of Tarshish did sing of thee in thy market:
65, and again, a little while, and ye shall see me? 
Verily, verily,
72, drink offering. 
And on the seventh day ye shall have an holy convocati
67,in thee they eat upon the mountains: in the midst of thee they comm
85,had spoken unto Moses, and did the signs in the sight of the people. 
And the people 
66,the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Amorites, and the Perizzites, an
66,nd she put her widow's garments off from her, and covered her with
69,ians shall lothe to drink of the water of the river. 
And the LORD sp
69,ed them; and frogs, which destroyed them. 
He gave also their increas
81,rinces of Moab abode with Balaam. 
And God came unto Balaam, and said, What men a
94,l darken the earth in the clear day: 
And I will turn your feasts into mourning, and all your 
93,ah, first and last, did Isaiah the prophet, the son of Amoz, write. 
So Uzziah slept with his
74, and forty nights; and every living substance that I have made will I dest
74,to their will. 
And as they led him away, they laid hold upon one Simon, a
96,ss was excellent, stood before thee; and the form thereof was terrible. 
This image's head was o
64,st month. 
And over the course of the second month was Dodai an 
96,n; why do ye wrong one to another? 
But he that did his neighbour wrong thrust him away, saying,
80,ight shew forth all longsuffering, for a pattern to them which should hereafter 
96,ief men. 
And with them, by their generations, after the house of their fathers, were bands of s
93,, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites. 
Now therefore, behold, the cry of the children of Isra
88,elf known unto his brethren. 
And he wept aloud: and the Egyptians and the house of Phar
64, as in heaven, so in earth. 
Give us day by day our daily bread.
70,nd he shall go forth by the way thereof. 
But when the people of the l
65, who is so faithful among all thy servants as David, which is the
85,stone that I have laid before Joshua; upon one stone shall be seven eyes: behold, I w
92,was ordained of God to be the Judge of quick and dead. 
To him give all the prophets witness
71, 
If his loins have not blessed me, and if he were not warmed with the 
89,epcote, from following the sheep, to be ruler over my people, over Israel: 
And I was wit
94,e city that is in the midst of the river, and all the plain of Medeba unto Dibon; 
And all the
78,d upon her on every side; and they shall know that I am the LORD. 
And there s
69,ll upon the name of the LORD. 
This is the book of the generations of
81, be taken away, and the abomination that maketh desolate set up, there shall be a
74,in were hooks, an hand broad, fastened round about: and upon the tables wa
70, me: destruction unto them! because they have transgressed against me:
80, wise teacheth his mouth, and addeth learning to his lips. 
Pleasant words are a
91,nd have made a king over you. 
And now, behold, the king walketh before you: and I am old a
94, them, This is the bread which the LORD hath given you to eat. 
This is the thing which the LO
94,trength, yet from me shall spoilers come unto her, saith the LORD. 
A sound of a cry cometh fr
64,the land had rest, and he had no war in those years; because the
79, man, endued with understanding, of Huram my father's, 
The son of a woman of t
79,is by the brink of the river of Arnon, and from the city that is by the river, 
64,e, because thou art his wife: how then can I do this great wicke
95,er nor their gold shall be able to deliver them in the day of the LORD's wrath; but the whole l
66,ke a flock by the hand of Moses and Aaron. 
Give ear, O my people,
88,g hither the ephod. 
Then said David, O LORD God of Israel, thy servant hath certainly h
85,were Romans. 
And they came and besought them, and brought them out, and desired them
91,, as a shepherd putteth on his garment; and he shall go forth from thence in peace. 
He sha
94,m a quiet habitation, a tabernacle that shall not be taken down; not one of the stakes thereof
68,of his foreskin shall be circumcised. 
And she shall then continue i
75,es a fountain of tears, that I might weep day and night for the slain of th
68,unto them. 
And the people gave a shout, saying, It is the voice of 
88,, to pass over Jordan, and the priests bearing the ark of the covenant before the people
96,e of my God, over and above all that I have prepared for the holy house. 
Even three thousand ta
67,tribe of Asher, were forty and one thousand and five hundred. 
Of t
81,ome. 
And I looked, and there was none to help; and I wondered that there was non
78, the tongue of the Chaldeans. 
And the king appointed them a daily provision o
88,n. 
For in many things we offend all. If any man offend not in word, the same is a perfe
82,ch were come against Judah; and they were smitten. 
For the children of Ammon and 
67,hall come, and shall not keep silence: a fire shall devour before h
78,ay that it was taken up. 
For the cloud of the LORD was upon the tabernacle by
64,
Then saith Pilate unto him, Speakest thou not unto me? knowest 
84, the wicked live, become old, yea, are mighty in power? 
Their seed is established i
70,n Shaphan the scribe told the king, saying, Hilkiah the priest hath gi
93,on it: according to the number of the days that thou shalt lie upon it thou shalt bear their 
83,. 
All the days of his separation shall he eat nothing that is made of the vine tre
90,im into my mother's house, and into the chamber of her that conceived me. 
I charge you, O
74,t loveth abundance with increase: this is also vanity. 
When goods increas
87, Give me here John Baptist's head in a charger. 
And the king was sorry: nevertheless f
67,of the children of Israel, and of the priests, and the Levites, and
67,l shew forth thy praise. 
For thou desirest not sacrifice; else wou
71, shoes and clouted upon their feet, and old garments upon them; and all
79,RD sware unto your fathers to give unto them and to their seed, a land that flo
92,ad sent unto them, and as it was written in the letters which she had sent unto them. 
They 
83,issolve doubts: now if thou canst read the writing, and make known to me the interp
81,g, behold, Dagon was fallen upon his face to the ground before the ark of the LOR
86,e was Oded: and he went out before the host that came to Samaria, and said unto them, 
65, for the fathers: every man shall be put to death for his own sin
75,not that such a man as I can certainly divine? 
And Judah said, What shall 
89,ot cleansed, nor rained upon in the day of indignation. 
There is a conspiracy of her pro
75,ir speeches deceive the hearts of the simple. 
For your obedience is come a
74,: and as many as touched were made perfectly whole. 
Then came to Jesus sc
64,inhabitant. 
The word which came unto Jeremiah from the LORD in 
82,h blessed: 
Therefore God give thee of the dew of heaven, and the fatness of the e
89,upplication be accepted before thee, and pray for us unto the LORD thy God, even for all 
79,eir fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and up
68,ide thee: neither is there any rock like our God. 
Talk no more so e
75,ng spake and said unto Daniel, Thy God whom thou servest continually, he wi
84,he poor for a pair of shoes; 
That pant after the dust of the earth on the head of t
80,at believeth not shall be damned. 
And these signs shall follow them that believ
65,? how then should I hold up my face to Joab thy brother? 
Howbeit
69,d my statutes, they have not walked in them. 
Therefore thus saith th
81, for a father of many nations have I made thee. 
And I will make thee exceeding f
95,ldren, were in bondage under the elements of the world: 
But when the fulness of the time was c
73,l appoint him captains over thousands, and captains over fifties; and wil
95,ced city shall be desolate, and the habitation forsaken, and left like a wilderness: there shal
64, said unto Gideon, The people are yet too many; bring them down 
84,h not folly to them. 
They are of those that rebel against the light; they know not 
88, him as an usurer, neither shalt thou lay upon him usury. 
If thou at all take thy neigh
84,. 
And the priest shall take from the meat offering a memorial thereof, and shall bu
87,ay, that I will break the bow of Israel, in the valley of Jezreel. 
And she conceived a
74,mine hand, as thou hast said, 
Behold, I will put a fleece of wool in the 
88,t should make a sound, and with musical instruments of God. And the sons of Jeduthun wer
75,nd you went over Jordan, and came unto Jericho: and the men of Jericho foug
90, now I have found favour in thy sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant: 
Let 
79,l toward the south, or toward the north, in the place where the tree falleth, t
90,ome as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal. 
And though I have the gift of prophecy, and 
78,hered together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go out unto the 
86, and call not upon the LORD. 
There were they in great fear: for God is in the generat
68,e were many coming and going, and they had no leisure so much as to 
96,ouse died together. 
And when all the men of Israel that were in the valley saw that they fled, 
78, on one side, and it had three ribs in the mouth of it between the teeth of it
69,ixed with miry clay, they shall mingle themselves with the seed of me
93,oxen, the chief of the things which should have been utterly destroyed, to sacrifice unto the
68, and waxed very mighty. 
And it came to pass, because the midwives f
77,king kissed Absalom. 
And it came to pass after this, that Absalom prepared h
81,o the world, that we might live through him. 
Herein is love, not that we loved G
80,he blood of sprinkling, that speaketh better things that that of Abel. 
See that
74,t, while Apollos was at Corinth, Paul having passed through the upper coas
81,use of God was in Shiloh. 
And it came to pass in those days, when there was no k
84,e evil: and now, we pray thee, forgive the trespass of the servants of the God of th
91,d up, and bowed himself to the people of the land, even to the children of Heth. 
And he co
82,s with great power and glory. 
And then shall he send his angels, and shall gather
85,p for it, four kingdoms shall stand up out of the nation, but not in his power. 
And 
83, shew of their countenance doth witness against them; and they declare their sin as
66,t. 
And the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to t
86,. 
Now therefore why tempt ye God, to put a yoke upon the neck of the disciples, which
80,er; lest the king be swallowed up, and all the people that are with him. 
Now Jo
81,the stones in which the plague is, and they shall cast them into an unclean place
87,sumption, and with a fever, and with an inflammation, and with an extreme burning, and 
89,prophet unto Ahab king of Israel, saying, Thus saith the LORD, Hast thou seen all this gr
75,ays' journey. 
And Jonah began to enter into the city a day's journey, and 
88,able to gainsay nor resist. 
And ye shall be betrayed both by parents, and brethren, and
80, 
Judge me, O LORD my God, according to thy righteousness; and let them not rejo
84,aying, Hast thou not heard that Adonijah the son of Haggith doth reign, and David ou
67, at his side. 
It shall devour the strength of his skin: even the f
93,hese things: neither have I written these things, that it should be so done unto me: for it w
82,began to enter into the city a day's journey, and he cried, and said, Yet forty da
69,the testimony into the ark, and set the staves on the ark, and put th
83,h is at Jerusalem, every one to his place, and place them in the house of God. 
Now
92, begotten Son into the world, that we might live through him. 
Herein is love, not that we l
73, an hundred, and the greatest over a thousand. 
These are they that went 
67,e that formed them will shew them no favour. 
And it shall come to 
73,e midst of the seas. 
Thy rowers have brought thee into great waters: the
65,at lapped will I save you, and deliver the Midianites into thine 
70,ererath, and to the border of Abelmeholah, unto Tabbath. 
And the men 
64,venth year, the year of release, is at hand; and thine eye be ev
64,vision of the king's meat, and of the wine which he drank: so no
75,all make an atonement for them, and it shall be forgiven them. 
And he shal
87,r, the river Euphrates. 
Behold, I have set the land before you: go in and possess the 
77,do of Bethlehem, 
Shammah the Harodite, Elika the Harodite, 
Helez the Paltit
68,neither shalt thou serve their gods; for that will be a snare unto t
85,against the city, and take it: lest I take the city, and it be called after my name. 
84,dureth for a while: for when tribulation or persecution ariseth because of the word,
89,o a city to fight against it, then proclaim peace unto it. 
And it shall be, if it make t
79, 
Then Esther the queen answered and said, If I have found favour in thy sight,
90, 
And when they came unto the borders of Jordan, that are in the land of Canaan, the child
96,Ought not Christ to have suffered these things, and to enter into his glory? 
And beginning at M
78,aith one of his disciples, Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, which should betray hi
77,petual end: and thou hast destroyed cities; their memorial is perished with t
71,led a spunge full of vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to dri
70,shoot at them with an arrow; suddenly shall they be wounded. 
So they 
64,take counsel together, 
Saying, God hath forsaken him: persecute
93,e having knowledge, and having understanding; 
They clave to their brethren, their nobles, an
85,be beaten, that the judge shall cause him to lie down, and to be beaten before his fa
70, cities, or country, they laid the sick in the streets, and besought h
75,aid, Whose daughter art thou? tell me, I pray thee: is there room in thy fa
73,he door, and my bowels were moved for him. 
I rose up to open to my belov
92,the four corners of the court; and, behold, in every corner of the court there was a court. 
88,is unsearchable. 
One generation shall praise thy works to another, and shall declare th
65,ins of gold before the oracle; and he overlaid it with gold. 
And
67,y righteousness: thou hast enlarged me when I was in distress; have
92, golden city ceased! 
The LORD hath broken the staff of the wicked, and the sceptre of the r
81,srael to sin, to provoke the LORD God of Israel to anger with their vanities. 
No
75, eyes. 
And there was a young man out of Bethlehemjudah of the family of Ju
87,that time when Jeroboam went out of Jerusalem, that the prophet Ahijah the Shilonite fo
79,d stamped upon him: and there was none that could deliver the ram out of his ha
85,hee, and against thy two friends: for ye have not spoken of me the thing that is righ
66,g drunk old wine straightway desireth new: for he saith, The old i
87,e hand, in the fruit of thy body, and in the fruit of thy cattle, and in the fruit of t
68,he synagogue on the sabbath day, and sat down. 
And after the readin
87,me of them also murmured, and were destroyed of the destroyer. 
Now all these things ha
68,hat shall humble himself shall be exalted. 
But woe unto you, scribe
76,o them, Shed no blood, but cast him into this pit that is in the wilderness,
90,he ground; and it shall burn, and shall not be quenched. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts, th
80,ouse, and thou shalt not dwell therein: thou shalt plant a vineyard, and shalt n
70,t his hoar head go down to the grave in peace. 
But shew kindness unto
81, enemies round about me: therefore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of j
86,nto Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the city of Davi
74, was for the utter court, was gallery against gallery in three stories. 
A
94,they were afraid. 
They also which saw it told them by what means he that was possessed of the
79, they tempted and provoked the most high God, and kept not his testimonies: 
Bu
90, then she left speaking unto her. 
So they two went until they came to Bethlehem. And it c
88,seven lambs of the first year without blemish: 
And their meat offering shall be of flou
83, out to battle against the children of Israel. 
And the children of Benjamin were n
79,destroyed them not: yea, many a time turned he his anger away, and did not stir
70,y departed from Rithmah, and pitched at Rimmonparez. 
And they departe
67,nd said, Israel is fled before the Philistines, and there hath been
68,uild the ruined places, and plant that that was desolate: I the LORD
69,she saw that she was stedfastly minded to go with her, then she left 
81,nsters draw out the breast, they give suck to their young ones: the daughter of m
85,D; If my covenant be not with day and night, and if I have not appointed the ordinanc
72, behold, the plague hath not spread in the house, after the house was pl
88,bridegroom, 
And saith unto him, Every man at the beginning doth set forth good wine; an
69,l alone saw the vision: for the men that were with me saw not the vis
93,no gift; waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ: 
Who shall also confirm you unto th
94, seven stars; I know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead. 
Be watc
77,o forgive; and plenteous in mercy unto all them that call upon thee. 
Give ea
74,two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else 
79,e left of them, and shall enjoy her sabbaths, while she lieth desolate without 
76, went into the province of Judea, to the house of the great God, which is bu
81,urety of a better testament. 
And they truly were many priests, because they were
66,water, and cool my tongue; for I am tormented in this flame. 
But 
90,t by sight:) 
We are confident, I say, and willing rather to be absent from the body, and 
65, cloud and in the sea; 
And did all eat the same spiritual meat; 
64,ome up, ye horses; and rage, ye chariots; and let the mighty men
85,life: and their dead bodies shall be for meat unto the fowls of the heaven, and to th
69,, so their root shall be as rottenness, and their blossom shall go up
88,n? 
They say unto him, He will miserably destroy those wicked men, and will let out his 
89,t it be granted to the Jews which are in Shushan to do to morrow also according unto this
90,meth, that shall burn as an oven; and all the proud, yea, and all that do wickedly, shall 
93,er's sister to wife; and she bare him Aaron and Moses: and the years of the life of Amram wer
92,unto me, Behold, I have begun to give Sihon and his land before thee: begin to possess, that
77,liezer the son of Dodavah of Mareshah prophesied against Jehoshaphat, saying,
74,s princes, and the bones of the priests, and the bones of the prophets, an
64,him not. 
For, behold, the day cometh, that shall burn as an ove
88, through the abundance of the revelations, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, t
70, as the noon day: 
And the LORD shall guide thee continually, and sati
67,r they that were nigh them, even unto Issachar and Zebulun and Naph
93,t the doors. 
Unto you, O men, I call; and my voice is to the sons of man. 
O ye simple, unde
93,e in thy borders, and filleth thee with the finest of the wheat. 
He sendeth forth his comman
82,abominations of his eyes, and defile not yourselves with the idols of Egypt: I am 
77,im, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Com
74, a woollen garment, or a linen garment; 
Whether it be in the warp, or woo
80, grass of the earth. 
Thou shalt come to thy grave in a full age, like as a shoc
94,so under the sun, and it seemed great unto me: 
There was a little city, and few men within it
83,ass after forty years, that Absalom said unto the king, I pray thee, let me go and 
96,ng a noise with psalteries and harps. 
And it came to pass, as the ark of the covenant of the LO
65,nt as the cedars. 
His mouth is most sweet: yea, he is altogether
81, they shall not profit this people at all, saith the LORD. 
And when this people,
67,teousness to the upright in heart. 
Let not the foot of pride come 
95,terly fall: 
But they that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up w
64,th. 
He will fulfil the desire of them that fear him: he also wi
81, MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH. 
And I saw the woman drunken wi
66,nd, and devoured the fruit of their ground. 
He smote also all the
67,ire, wanting nothing. 
If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of Go
69,ithout the vail. 
And he set the bread in order upon it before the LO
78, of God, God dwelleth in him, and he in God. 
And we have known and believed t
72,. 
The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying, 
Son of man, prophes
84,ht, bring not railing accusation against them before the Lord. 
But these, as natura
88, say, It shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon by the sword, and by th
95, and cry mightily unto God: yea, let them turn every one from his evil way, and from the violen
73,rstanding. 
Wise men lay up knowledge: but the mouth of the foolish is ne
86,d, I frame evil against you, and devise a device against you: return ye now every one 
67,o them such things as they required. And they spoiled the Egyptians
81,st. 
And I will punish him and his seed and his servants for their iniquity; and 
84,l grievously upon the head of the wicked. 
The anger of the LORD shall not return, u
94,t were in the valley saw that they fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, then they forso
82,ursed be he that lieth with his sister, the daughter of his father, or the daughte
81,to scorn, knowing that she was dead. 
And he put them all out, and took her by th
89,and he fell upon his face to the earth. 
So David prevailed over the Philistine with a sl
83, a fool. 
Also, that the soul be without knowledge, it is not good; and he that has
70, must the Son of man be lifted up: 
That whosoever believeth in him sh
79,e shall be in the midst thereof. 
Moreover from the possession of the Levites, 
84,upon all these. 
Yet thou sayest, Because I am innocent, surely his anger shall turn
67,its of thy labours, which thou hast sown in the field: and the feas
82,n or escape. 
And the king of Ai they took alive, and brought him to Joshua. 
And 
81, who hath given to David the king a wise son, endued with prudence and understand
91,not numbered among them. 
For the LORD had spoken unto Moses, saying, 
Only thou shalt not 
65, ye were not born; and there shall ye die. 
But to the land where
72,dren of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh bu
65,ervice thereof. 
And Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest shall be
66,t; for thou hast brought thy servant into a covenant of the LORD w
73,erfect toward him. Herein thou hast done foolishly: therefore from hencef
76, when he cometh, he shall smite the land of Egypt, and deliver such as are f
70,place. 
Blessed are ye that sow beside all waters, that send forth thi
75,to us in the sight of the kings of Persia, to give us a reviving, to set up
96, the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And he made the court: on the south side south
85, and Rebekah his wife conceived. 
And the children struggled together within her; and
93,e priest, who was also chief governor in the house of the LORD, heard that Jeremiah prophesie
79, thy bottle: are they not in thy book? 
When I cry unto thee, then shall mine e
79,I will exalt him. 
The LORD is a man of war: the LORD is his name. 
Pharaoh's c
95,ew a trumpet, and they retired from the city, every man to his tent. And Joab returned to Jerus
88,nd of Egypt, saying, The Lord GOD liveth. 
Behold, I will watch over them for evil, and 
65, by a pillar of fire, to give them light in the way wherein they 
84,earth, and plenty of corn and wine: 
Let people serve thee, and nations bow down to 
76, the body. 
And God hath both raised up the Lord, and will also raise up us 
96, therefore obtained help of God, I continue unto this day, witnessing both to small and great, s
82,an upon his house, but it shall not stand: he shall hold it fast, but it shall not
94,he tabernacle on this side and on that side, to cover it. 
And thou shalt make a covering for 
64,nd they fell all seven together, and were put to death in the da
64,eir horses, and burnt their chariots with fire. 
And Joshua at t
90,r of his people shall trust in it. 
The burden of Moab. Because in the night Ar of Moab is
89, death, and shall deliver him to the Gentiles: 
And they shall mock him, and shall scourg
76,e; 
Which the LORD commanded to be given them of the children of Israel, in 
82,nt. 
Blessed be the LORD God of our fathers, which hath put such a thing as this i
82,t the wisdom of this world, nor of the princes of this world, that come to nought:
87,n; neither are they plagued like other men. 
Therefore pride compasseth them about as a
92,issus, which are in the Lord. 
Salute Tryphena and Tryphosa, who labour in the Lord. Salute 
68,or the horse of Pharaoh went in with his chariots and with his horse
70,ye with the king when he cometh in, and when he goeth out. 
So the Lev
66,into the fire, and into the waters, to destroy him: but if thou ca
75,or you, ye thought evil against me; but God meant it unto good, to bring to
92,d it was covered with cedar from one side of the floor to the other. 
And his house where he
69, of Jotham, and all his wars, and his ways, lo, they are written in t
88,t the king of Israel stayed himself up in his chariot against the Syrians until the even
91, I do the part of a kinsman to thee, as the LORD liveth: lie down until the morning. 
And s
79,I love thee, when thine heart is not with me? thou hast mocked me these three t
86,e words of the men of Judah were fiercer than the words of the men of Israel. 
And the
64,h the heads of the people, he executed the justice of the LORD, 
91, speak in thine audience, and hear the words of thine handmaid. 
Let not my lord, I pray th
88, them, He that hath ears to hear, let him hear. 
And when he was alone, they that were a
81, a soul commit a trespass, and sin through ignorance, in the holy things of the L
89,em they shall slay and persecute: 
That the blood of all the prophets, which was shed fro
91,ks thereof, and the bars thereof, and the wall of the pool of Siloah by the king's garden, 
67,ssions among you in the land of Canaan. 
And the children of Gad an
83,Ramothgilead to battle, or shall I forbear? And they said, Go up; for God will deli
80,unto him. 
And Benhadad the king of Syria gathered all his host together: and th
68,eastplate, and gird him with the curious girdle of the ephod: 
And t
86,e is found some good thing toward the LORD God of Israel in the house of Jeroboam. 
Mo
66,em, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be loved 
77,way for nought? they that rule over them make them to howl, saith the LORD; a
67, of unleavened bread, cakes of fine flour mingled with oil, and waf
78, himself. 
And as Obadiah was in the way, behold, Elijah met him: and he knew 
95,nd I shall place you in your own land: then shall ye know that I the LORD have spoken it, and p
86, name of his two sons Mahlon and Chilion, Ephrathites of Bethlehemjudah. And they came
95,captivity, and will surely cover thee. 
He will surely violently turn and toss thee like a ball
65,ht be fellowhelpers to the truth. 
I wrote unto the church: but D
87, been no rain in the land. 
And the word of the LORD came unto him, saying, 
Arise, get
87,s' daughters were among thy honourable women: upon thy right hand did stand the queen i
84,Speak unto the priests the sons of Aaron, and say unto them, There shall none be def
80, unto him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause? 
And he 
93,ech, because of Sarah Abraham's wife. 
And the LORD visited Sarah as he had said, and the LOR
94,r his whelps, and strangled for his lionesses, and filled his holes with prey, and his dens wi
73,ORD hath blessed. 
I will greatly rejoice in the LORD, my soul shall be j
70, man think that he shall receive any thing of the Lord. 
A double mind
64,the LORD went his way, as soon as he had left communing with Abr
67,ve of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eter
74,, O LORD of hosts, that judgest righteously, that triest the reins and the
88,rness, into her place, where she is nourished for a time, and times, and half a time, fr
94,ey be consumed. 
Wherefore then didst thou not obey the voice of the LORD, but didst fly upon 
94,h did sing of thee in thy market: and thou wast replenished, and made very glorious in the mid
86,s. 
After that he brought me toward the south, and behold a gate toward the south: and
72,he had thus spoken, he kneeled down, and prayed with them all. 
And they
86,d to Cyprus. 
And when they were at Salamis, they preached the word of God in the syna
92,il of your doings. 
Declare ye in Judah, and publish in Jerusalem; and say, Blow ye the trum
85,s to be here: and let us make three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and
76,here happened to be there a man of Belial, whose name was Sheba, the son of 
74,vants to righteousness unto holiness. 
For when ye were the servants of si
78,ves, and dress it first; for ye are many; and call on the name of your gods, b
93,ing, in singleness of your heart, as unto Christ; 
Not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but a
91,se of the sons of Obededom: they and their sons and their brethren, able men for strength f
68, breadth of one curtain: the eleven curtains were of one size. 
And 
92,All thy commandments are faithful: they persecute me wrongfully; help thou me. 
They had alm
75,ll surely be put to death. 
Wherefore the children of Israel shall keep the
81,nd the carved images, and the molten images, he brake in pieces, and made dust of
92,, 
Forasmuch as this people refuseth the waters of Shiloah that go softly, and rejoice in Re
66,know that I shall not be ashamed. 
He is near that justifieth me; 
72,a sacrifice made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD: one bullock, 
89,avid over Israel and over Judah, from Dan even to Beersheba. 
And he could not answer Abn
70, thy face against the daughters of thy people, which prophesy out of t
66, they that have done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation. 
I 
64,me, saying, 
Son of man, speak unto the elders of Israel, and sa
72,ceive of you his standing. 
For the inhabitant of Maroth waited carefull
86,, and of the hazel and chesnut tree; and pilled white strakes in them, and made the wh
91,m all the multitude of the Jews have dealt with me, both at Jerusalem, and also here, cryin
72,t fear thee, O King of nations? for to thee doth it appertain: forasmuch
72,de an end of eating the grass of the land, then I said, O Lord GOD, forg
77,younger before the firstborn. 
Fulfil her week, and we will give thee this al
85,iece of new cloth on an old garment: else the new piece that filled it up taketh away
84,e shall shake his hand against the mount of the daughter of Zion, the hill of Jerusa
95,ks among them that came up to worship at the feast: 
The same came therefore to Philip, which w
81,ORD their God am with them, and that they, even the house of Israel, are my peopl
92,d the sons of Shimei were, Jahath, Zina, and Jeush, and Beriah. These four were the sons of 
70,hall not take shame. 
O thou that art named the house of Jacob, is the
84,every morning, the sixth part of an ephah, and the third part of an hin of oil, to t
70,ew, because they came down to take away their cattle. 
And Ephraim the
66, away, and they shall be afraid out of their close places. 
The LO
66,he priest, that they may minister unto him. 
And they shall keep h
76,red. Fear not therefore: ye are of more value than many sparrows. 
Also I sa
65, for the family of the remnant of the sons of Kohath. 
Unto the s
69,estowed on the churches of Macedonia; 
How that in a great trial of a
88,stand,) then let them that be in Judaea flee to the mountains: 
And let him that is on t
82,ned cakes of the dough which they brought forth out of Egypt, for it was not leave
78,r court of the house of the LORD, and for the porch of the house. 
And king So
91,th Shallum. 
And the sons of Jehoiakim: Jeconiah his son, Zedekiah his son. 
And the sons o
76, heart. 
Nevertheless I tell you the truth; It is expedient for you that I g
76,he LORD had smitten him. 
And Uzziah the king was a leper unto the day of hi
86, thine arm they shall be as still as a stone; till thy people pass over, O LORD, till 
82,e in their coasts on the north. 
Ye shall therefore describe the land into seven p
88,tites, and the Girgashites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites; and I delivered them into yo
67,ced against it, even all that is written in this book, which Jeremi
91, 
Which holdeth our soul in life, and suffereth not our feet to be moved. 
For thou, O God,
95, down a storm of wind on the lake; and they were filled with water, and were in jeopardy. 
And 
81,For Herod feared John, knowing that he was a just man and an holy, and observed h
81,ORD your God which I command you. 
Your eyes have seen what the LORD did because 
79,teeth. 
Now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land unto the n
85,er and ever: he hath made a decree which shall not pass. 
Praise the LORD from the ea
96, following them, after that they be destroyed from before thee; and that thou enquire not after 
71,rnished: there make ready. 
And they went, and found as he had said unt
78,re, and his bands loosed from off his hands. 
And he found a new jawbone of an
75, in. 
Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye devour widows
87,ung children to him, that he should touch them: and his disciples rebuked those that br
81,be of gold, upon the four sockets of silver. 
And thou shalt hang up the vail und
89,se. 
And I turned, and lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and, behold, there came four char
70,ake up, my glory; awake, psaltery and harp: I myself will awake early.
71,whom Nebuchadnezzar had carried away captive from Jerusalem to Babylon;
73,e officers among them of Israel on this side Jordan westward in all the b
77, when thou mockest, shall no man make thee ashamed? 
For thou hast said, My d
92,the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron saying, 
Cut ye not off the tribe of the families o
80,e up with her husband to offer the yearly sacrifice. 
And Eli blessed Elkanah an
73, and dissembled also, and they have put it even among their own stuff. 
T
95,beon had made peace with Israel, and were among them; 
That they feared greatly, because Gibeon
65,ore mighty thunderings and hail; and I will let you go, and ye sh
69,lful in all wisdom, and cunning in knowledge, and understanding scien
70, the LORD. 
And the LORD sent Nathan unto David. And he came unto him,
72, were brought forth, or ever thou hadst formed the earth and the world, 
70,e faith which is by him hath given him this perfect soundness in the p
66,shalt thou burn with fire without the camp: it is a sin offering. 
73,d, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life
91,hen Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron, and said, Intreat the LORD, that he may take away t
72,g of Babylon, and serve him and his people, and live. 
Why will ye die, 
84,hom coming, as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God, and
64, LORD thy God, to observe to do all his commandments and his sta
87,af; and our iniquities, like the wind, have taken us away. 
And there is none that call
91, over me: when my foot slippeth, they magnify themselves against me. 
For I am ready to hal
66, day. 
And Pethahiah the son of Meshezabeel, of the children of Ze
64,gdom inferior to thee, and another third kingdom of brass, which
64,rk of the house of the LORD. 
Then stood Jeshua with his sons an
90, and said, If I have found favour in thy sight, O king, and if it please the king, let my 
73,of the children of Israel upon his heart before the LORD continually. 
An
84, smote the Philistines from Geba until thou come to Gazer. 
Again, David gathered to
75,s evil to come upon them: 
Behold the mounts, they are come unto the city t
76,n high stature; and his top was among the thick boughs. 
The waters made him
79,the way, and the ass and the lion standing by the carcase: the lion had not eat
71,ny fellowship of the Spirit, if any bowels and mercies, 
Fulfil ye my j
96,as the LORD had commanded Moses concerning the Levites, so did they unto them. 
And the LORD spa
70,
One thing have I desired of the LORD, that will I seek after; that I 
94, will never leave thee, nor forsake thee. 
So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, a
80,claration of your ready mind: 
Avoiding this, that no man should blame us in thi
93,The thistle that was in Lebanon sent to the cedar that was in Lebanon, saying, Give thy daugh
86,rsued after your fathers with chariots and horsemen unto the Red sea. 
And when they c
75,lands. 
Serve the LORD with gladness: come before his presence with singing
91,ESUS OF NAZARETH THE KING OF THE JEWS. 
This title then read many of the Jews: for the plac
85,infinite. 
The LORD lifteth up the meek: he casteth the wicked down to the ground. 
S
76, midst of the hall, and were set down together, Peter sat down among them. 

79,eth wickedness also; will he not then consider it? 
For vain men would be wise,
74,had? where are the gods of Sepharvaim? and have they delivered Samaria out
85,it until the morrow: I am the LORD. 
Therefore shall ye keep my commandments, and do 
68,eneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, 
72,, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake against Baasha by Je
73, that thou mayest go with us, and fight against the children of Ammon, an
88,house; and, behold, waters issued out from under the threshold of the house eastward: fo
87,riots that were with him, saying, Fight ye not with small or great, save only with the 
82,m not: but the publicans and the harlots believed him: and ye, when ye had seen it
67,ingplace of Ephron the Hittite, before Mamre. 
And Joseph returned 
77,f Ephraim set forward according to their armies: and over his host was Elisha
74, me to make haste: forbear thee from meddling with God, who is with me, th
76,such as I love, and bring it to me, that I may eat; that my soul may bless t
95,kneiah, and Obededom, and Jeiel, the porters. 
So the singers, Heman, Asaph, and Ethan, were ap
86,hich must be hereafter. 
And immediately I was in the spirit: and, behold, a throne wa
94,ire wisely concerning this. 
Wisdom is good with an inheritance: and by it there is profit to 
69,d Balaam said unto Balak, Build me here seven altars, and prepare me 
91,word. 
So shall I have wherewith to answer him that reproacheth me: for I trust in thy word
90,is poor, and setteth his heart upon it: lest he cry against thee unto the LORD, and it be 
93,ishment of their iniquity: 
Then will I remember my covenant with Jacob, and also my covenant
72,all the prophets, which was shed from the foundation of the world, may b
69,on God made them male and female. 
For this cause shall a man leave h
83,was departed, he called two of his household servants, and a devout soldier of them
82,u or not. 
And Jacob went near unto Isaac his father; and he felt him, and said, T
94,: 
That he may incline our hearts unto him, to walk in all his ways, and to keep his commandme
81,of Israel about thirty persons: for they said, Surely they are smitten down befor
76, one tenth deal for one lamb, throughout the seven lambs: 
And one kid of th
93,rding to the will of God. 
And we know that all things work together for good to them that lo
94,hey shall search thine house, and the houses of thy servants; and it shall be, that whatsoever
88, sittest to eat with a ruler, consider diligently what is before thee: 
And put a knife 
65,ers: who received the lively oracles to give unto us: 
To whom ou
83, the border shall go on to Ziphron, and the goings out of it shall be at Hazarenan:
89, sent and gathered together all the elders of Judah and Jerusalem. 
And the king went up 
96,d before the possession of the city, from the west side westward, and from the east side eastwar
74,have seen. 
Thy fathers went down into Egypt with threescore and ten perso
81,t is to God: or whether we be sober, it is for your cause. 
For the love of Chris
93,rath of God, who liveth for ever and ever. 
And the temple was filled with smoke from the glo
79,he leader of the Aaronites, and with him were three thousand and seven hundred;
79,king in the spirit and falsehood do lie, saying, I will prophesy unto thee of w
83,God in truth: 
As ye also learned of Epaphras our dear fellowservant, who is for yo
85,in his heart, and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face, and com
84,d toward you. 
Examine yourselves, whether ye be in the faith; prove your own selves
91,nto me. 
And when Samuel saw Saul, the LORD said unto him, Behold the man whom I spake to t
89, which was the son of Naum, which was the son of Esli, which was the son of Nagge, 
Which
73,ers be filled with thy wealth; and thy labours be in the house of a stran
72,is fallen; she shall no more rise: she is forsaken upon her land; there 
65,nd smote the nail into his temples, and fastened it into the grou
80,ack. 
Remember Lot's wife. 
Whosoever shall seek to save his life shall lose it;
69,m twofold more the child of hell than yourselves. 
Woe unto you, ye b
73, Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard had let him go from Ramah, when he 
70,hers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give thee great and goodl
93, Israel stoned him with stones, that he died. But king Rehoboam made speed to get him up to h
78,with me. 
And in all the land of your possession ye shall grant a redemption f
80,nceive mischief, and bring forth vanity, and their belly prepareth deceit. 
Then
75,there was war between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all their days. 
And Rehoboam s
70, reigned Abijam over Judah. 
Three years reigned he in Jerusalem. and 
66,elve gates were twelve pearls: every several gate was of one pearl
93, trumpets, and the LORD set every man's sword against his fellow, even throughout all the hos
69,thou ravished always with her love. 
And why wilt thou, my son, be ra
83,the fat and the rump, and the fat that covereth the inwards, and the caul above the
66,nd the men of Israel said unto the Hivites, Peradventure ye dwell 
86,ep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches. 
83,teous is only good: but the expectation of the wicked is wrath. 
There is that scat
92,erning other matters, it shall be determined in a lawful assembly. 
For we are in danger to 
80,O my lord the king: let my supplication, I pray thee, be accepted before thee; t
66,, even every good piece, the thigh, and the shoulder; fill it with
91,ee? 
For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should 
86,nd Zorah, and Aijalon, and Hebron, which are in Judah and in Benjamin fenced cities. 

73,bimelech said, I wot not who hath done this thing; neither didst thou tel
64, the wayfaring man that was come unto him; but took the poor man
68,to her, lest we be shamed: behold, I sent this kid, and thou hast no
79,ay, I am no prophet, I am an husbandman; for man taught me to keep cattle from 
92,quench not the light of Israel. 
And it came to pass after this, that there was again a batt
65,tion go out from him, then he shall wash all his flesh in water, 
96,eth out rivers among the rocks; and his eye seeth every precious thing. 
He bindeth the floods f
75, of Egypt to cease by the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon. 
He and h
77,according to the writing of David king of Israel, and according to the writin
66, also we speak, not in the words which man's wisdom teacheth, but 
67,they had eaten them up, it could not be known that they had eaten t
84,es, saying, 
Go in, speak unto Pharaoh king of Egypt, that he let the children of Is
95, 
Let the LORD, the God of the spirits of all flesh, set a man over the congregation, 
Which ma
70,ner; The apostles and elders and brethren send greeting unto the breth
84,braham: and Abraham returned unto his place. 
And there came two angels to Sodom at 
94,ly. 
This is the law of the beasts, and of the fowl, and of every living creature that moveth 
95, my people; there shall they be called the children of the living God. 
Esaias also crieth conc
76,ave gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens und
96,. 
Now in the twelfth month, that is, the month Adar, on the thirteenth day of the same, when th
69,h the son of Ishmael, the ruler of the house of Judah, for all the ki
69,orter; and on the side of their oppressors there was power; but they 
88,hould praise the beauty of holiness, as they went out before the army, and to say, Prais
88,late might not be loosed from the ephod; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And he made the r
67,, saith God, I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh: and your 
96,eardest them from heaven; and many times didst thou deliver them according to thy mercies; 
And 
66, and it shall be, that of whom I say unto thee, This shall go with
65,ch king of Ellasar, Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of 
