1000
73,others to hope that they would confirm the word. 
Have ye not seen a vain
81,ons which came against Jerusalem shall even go up from year to year to worship th
95, that is faithful in that which is least is faithful also in much: and he that is unjust in the
66,ity of his covetousness was I wroth, and smote him: I hid me, and 
95,el: and all the rest also of Israel were of one heart to make David king. 
And there they were 
75,ts, that with all boldness they may speak thy word, 
By stretching forth th
73,ces, and dissolving of doubts, were found in the same Daniel, whom the ki
82,is like Carmel, and the hair of thine head like purple; the king is held in the ga
83, of Saul, went out from Mahanaim to Gibeon. 
And Joab the son of Zeruiah, and the s
70,nd none of you shall go out at the door of his house until the morning
95,hearing, and their eyes they have closed; lest at any time they should see with their eyes and 
74,words in your ears. 
Then said the princes and all the people unto the pri
94,er I baptized any other. 
For Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the gospel: not wit
86,eard him gladly. 
And he said unto them in his doctrine, Beware of the scribes, which 
95,nto a place called Gethsemane, and saith unto the disciples, Sit ye here, while I go and pray y
69,ich thou shalt give unto the LORD thy God, according as the LORD thy 
81, whom they knew not, to new gods that came newly up, whom your fathers feared not
69,ople, and Chub, and the men of the land that is in league, shall fall
90,e LORD will smite with a scab the crown of the head of the daughters of Zion, and the LORD
91,, they said among themselves, This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and let us seize on 
95,e whole weeks were fulfilled. 
And in the four and twentieth day of the first month, as I was b
69,wn thine harvest in thy field, and hast forgot a sheaf in the field, 
95,preparation for it. So David prepared abundantly before his death. 
Then he called for Solomon 
67,d the Jews' passover was nigh at hand: and many went out of the cou
79, saw him saying unto me, Make haste, and get thee quickly out of Jerusalem: for
93,f things not seen as yet, moved with fear, prepared an ark to the saving of his house; by the
92,icaiah said, As the LORD liveth, what the LORD saith unto me, that will I speak. 
So he came
78,the south country, and dwelled between Kadesh and Shur, and sojourned in Gerar
79,th appeared to all men, 
Teaching us that, denying ungodliness and worldly lust
64,, saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of heaven, Come 
69,ed and said, Let not my lord suppose that they have slain all the you
83,Thus said the LORD unto me; Go and stand in the gate of the children of the people,
87,e heart in the way. 
Be not among winebibbers; among riotous eaters of flesh: 
For the 
64,st he be wise in his own conceit. 
He that sendeth a message by 
94, the book, and to loose the seals thereof? 
And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under 
70, them, How many loaves have ye? go and see. And when they knew, they s
90,in peace to Jerusalem. 
And Jehu the son of Hanani the seer went out to meet him, and said
67,eet you. 
Salute the brethren which are in Laodicea, and Nymphas, a
94,; and abode at Hazeroth. 
And Miriam and Aaron spake against Moses because of the Ethiopian wo
71,f Israel smote, and possessed their land on the other side Jordan towar
77,evil report upon the land, died by the plague before the LORD. 
But Joshua th
85,dead, nor print any marks upon you: I am the LORD. 
Do not prostitute thy daughter, t
69,ight be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying, 
Be
64, be given him. 
As for my people, children are their oppressors,
68,rfectness. 
And let the peace of God rule in your hearts, to the whi
95, Phrygia in order, strengthening all the disciples. 
And a certain Jew named Apollos, born at A
65,un, that there is one event unto all: yea, also the heart of the 
91,the tribes concerning the children of Israel, saying, This is the thing which the LORD hath
69, from you; when ye dwell among us? 
Now therefore ye are cursed, and 
70,for what son is he whom the father chasteneth not? 
But if ye be witho
79,, Thy daughter is dead; trouble not the Master. 
But when Jesus heard it, he an
93,thin thirty days, save of thee, O king, shall be cast into the den of lions? The king answere
82,tain; and the mountain burned with fire unto the midst of heaven, with darkness, c
94,eaven is like unto a man that is an householder, which bringeth forth out of his treasure thin
66, and stood on the top of an hill. 
Then Abner called to Joab, and 
90,arkness, 
A day of the trumpet and alarm against the fenced cities, and against the high t
65,voice out of the midst of the fire: we have seen this day that Go
87,edom continually: her rulers with shame do love, Give ye. 
The wind hath bound her up i
79,yria came up against him: and they came to Judah and Jerusalem, and destroyed a
88,ou be angry with us for ever? wilt thou draw out thine anger to all generations? 
Wilt t
83, prophets, rising early and sending them, saying, Oh, do not this abominable thing 
88,elp him with silver, and with gold, and with goods, and with beasts, beside the freewill
70,m, the wife of Uriah the Hittite? 
And David sent messengers, and took
74,rk shall the candlestick be made: his shaft, and his branches, his bowls, 
70,teous: for praise is comely for the upright. 
Praise the LORD with har
74,ulness thereof: 
Conscience, I say, not thine own, but of the other: for w
87, nations whither I have scattered thee, yet I will not make a full end of thee: but I w
89, who keepest covenant and mercy with thy servants that walk before thee with all their he
67,im therefore; for he offereth the bread of thy God: he shall be hol
89,y through Jesus Christ in those things which pertain to God. 
For I will not dare to spea
87, the flock; male or female, he shall offer it without blemish. 
If he offer a lamb for 
85,zar king of Babylon hath broken his bones. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, t
95, are not straitened in us, but ye are straitened in your own bowels. 
Now for a recompence in t
95, wives and my children, for whom I have served thee, and let me go: for thou knowest my service
95, dip it in the blood that is in the bason, and strike the lintel and the two side posts with th
93,est a thief, then thou consentedst with him, and hast been partaker with adulterers. 
Thou gi
75,y stay. 
He brought me forth also into a large place: he delivered me, beca
65, Lord GOD; In the day that I shall have cleansed you from all you
66,o is able to stand before this holy LORD God? and to whom shall he
88,is punishment, which was inflicted of many. 
So that contrariwise ye ought rather to for
88, This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Ephraim by their families. 
And
90,d how the chief priests and our rulers delivered him to be condemned to death, and have cr
69,for his beauty: from the sole of his foot even to the crown of his he
87,weet unto him, and every man shall draw after him, as there are innumerable before him.
71,d he said, Neither hath the LORD chosen this. 
Then Jesse made Shammah 
79, shall be for meat unto the fowls of the heaven, and to the beasts of the earth
96, arrayed Mordecai, and brought him on horseback through the street of the city, and proclaimed b
84,ly. 
And the men that held Jesus mocked him, and smote him. 
And when they had blind
75,y; for the LORD hath heard the voice of my weeping. 
The LORD hath heard my
71,an thing, and eat of the flesh of the sacrifice of peace offerings, whi
69,ngers of the land, whither they go to be among them, and will forsake
86,naan, that is, Bethel, he and all the people that were with him. 
And he built there a
87,ew it thee; 
The LORD do so and much more to Jonathan: but if it please my father to do
93,f that which is abolished: 
But their minds were blinded: for until this day remaineth the sa
66,ect of the Nazarenes: 
Who also hath gone about to profane the tem
96,nd scarlet, and fine linen, and goats' hair, 
And rams' skins dyed red, and badgers' skins, and 
84,wler. 
Go to the ant, thou sluggard; consider her ways, and be wise: 
Which having n
69,rth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye therefore wise as serpents
76,lean. 
And every thing whereupon any part of their carcase falleth shall be 
65,l by the sea, so shall he come. 
O thou daughter dwelling in Egyp
73, the wine of her fornication. 
So he carried me away in the spirit into t
78,y the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of 
80,The fourteenth to Mattithiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The 
66,of herself; first the blade, then the ear, after that the full cor
83,the altar. 
And he took the book of the covenant, and read in the audience of the p
64, as the angel of the LORD before them. 
And it shall come to pas
75,en the women captives, that were therein: they slew not any, either great o
69, man to afflict his soul? is it to bow down his head as a bulrush, an
77,he goddess of the Zidonians, and after Milcom the abomination of the Ammonite
91,e congregation. 
The works of the LORD are great, sought out of all them that have pleasure
85, but thou shalt not move a sickle unto thy neighbour's standing corn. 
When a man hat
68,ye shall afflict your souls: ye shall not do any work therein: 
But 
81, is as the shining light, that shineth more and more unto the perfect day. 
The w
94,s which are at Ephesus, and to the faithful in Christ Jesus: 
Grace be to you, and peace, from
67,sorrows shall take hold of them; they shall be in pain as a woman t
75, of the Amorites that dwell in the mountains are gathered together against 
75, with him, and hath taken an oath of him: he hath also taken the mighty of 
81,ost, and said unto them, Have her forth of the ranges: and whoso followeth her, l
90,e charge of the holy place, and the charge of the sons of Aaron their brethren, in the ser
83,o seek him. And they told David; wherefore he came down into a rock, and abode in t
89,ght a thing incredible with you, that God should raise the dead? 
I verily thought with m
65,ans. 
Praise him upon the loud cymbals: praise him upon the high 
71, have been consumed by the sword and by the famine. 
And when we burned
69,n, exalt the voice unto them, shake the hand, that they may go into t
71,my hand: and I took the grapes, and pressed them into Pharaoh's cup, an
95,led; they are gone. 
And I will make Jerusalem heaps, and a den of dragons; and I will make the
85,in until the morning; and that which remaineth of it until the morning ye shall burn 
64,h the son of Imlah, by whom we may enquire of the LORD: but I ha
72,amp; as Moses had said. 
And Moses said unto Aaron, and unto Eleazar and
95,g live for ever: why should not my countenance be sad, when the city, the place of my fathers' 
90,ake thy lewdness to cease from thee, and thy whoredom brought from the land of Egypt: so t
84,ide for mine own house also? 
And he said, What shall I give thee? And Jacob said, T
65,late, and begged the body of Jesus. Then Pilate commanded the bod
93,unto him, Shall we go and buy two hundred pennyworth of bread, and give them to eat? 
He sait
84,her I, nor my brethren, nor my servants, nor the men of the guard which followed me,
68,g together by course in praising and giving thanks unto the LORD; be
65,
There are also celestial bodies, and bodies terrestrial: but the
80,he son of Jehoiada went up, and fell upon him, and slew him: and he was buried i
75,r, and ye shall traffick in the land. 
And it came to pass as they emptied 
89, the unclean; to him that sacrificeth, and to him that sacrificeth not: as is the good, s
82, 
Now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat, and his might that he shewed, and how h
73, 
Then was the iron, the clay, the brass, the silver, and the gold, broke
86,he earth, which had heard of his wisdom. 
And Hiram king of Tyre sent his servants unt
72,sess it. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, thy days approach that t
68,nts thereof have spoken lies, and their tongue is deceitful in their
68, twenty thousand footmen, and of king Maacah a thousand men, and of 
77,r. 
And these went into Micah's house, and fetched the carved image, the epho
95,they shall shew thee, to the right hand, nor to the left. 
And the man that will do presumptuou
92, and burning instead of beauty. 
Thy men shall fall by the sword, and thy mighty in the war.
68,nto you, and do ye to them as is good in your eyes: only unto these 
75,quickly, and come to the place where thou didst hide thyself when the busin
92,be in the bald head, or bald forehead, a white reddish sore; it is a leprosy sprung up in hi
75,e light shall not be clear, nor dark: 
But it shall be one day which shall 
80,ive it unto the stranger that is in thy gates, that he may eat it; or thou mayes
94,ll be unclean: every thing also that she sitteth upon shall be unclean. 
And whosoever touchet
67, David smote the land, and left neither man nor woman alive, and to
94, merchandise. 
In the time when thou shalt be broken by the seas in the depths of the waters t
81,ive unto me. 
Likewise shalt thou do with thine oxen, and with thy sheep: seven d
86,rs. 
If there be a messenger with him, an interpreter, one among a thousand, to shew u
76,ar of Baal that thy father hath, and cut down the grove that is by it: 
And 
93, had walked: 
The same heard Paul speak: who stedfastly beholding him, and perceiving that he
84,s he fed the asses of Zibeon his father. 
And the children of Anah were these; Disho
70,upon mine altar, to burn incense, to wear an ephod before me? and did 
81,ed in white raiment; and they had on their heads crowns of gold. 
And out of the 
78, seven counsellors, to enquire concerning Judah and Jerusalem, according to th
79,hat man is he that hath planted a vineyard, and hath not yet eaten of it? let h
89,, threescore and ten persons, upon one stone, and have made Abimelech, the son of his mai
95,ound him with thongs, Paul said unto the centurion that stood by, Is it lawful for you to scour
81, thee. 
Let thine eyes look right on, and let thine eyelids look straight before 
85,for Herodias' sake, his brother Philip's wife: for he had married her. 
For John had 
85, them to eat and to drink. 
For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Beho
89,ouse of thy servant, that it may continue for ever before thee: for thou, O Lord GOD, has
67,ately all the doors were opened, and every one's bands were loosed.
64,a bullock, and an ephah for a ram, and for the lambs according a
95,the house of Jonathan the scribe: for they had made that the prison. 
When Jeremiah was entered
79,est apparel, with shamefacedness and sobriety; not with broided hair, or gold, 
90,ng how they might punish them, because of the people: for all men glorified God for that w
94,st: this shall be the portion of their cup. 
For the righteous LORD loveth righteousness; his 
83, arose. 
And it came to pass on the morrow, that the firstborn said unto the younge
96,captive: he was prince of the Reubenites. 
And his brethren by their families, when the genealog
64,rophets? 
And when he had made an end of prophesying, he came to
83,rongeth his own soul: all they that hate me love death. 
Wisdom hath builded her ho
86,miah. 
And Ebedmelech the Ethiopian said unto Jeremiah, Put now these old cast clouts 
90, light as with a garment: who stretchest out the heavens like a curtain: 
Who layeth the b
94,eloved of God, called to be saints: Grace to you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord J
82,ithout are dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murderers, and idolaters, an
67,blessed shalt thou be in the field. 
Blessed shall be the fruit of 
96,f Tappuah: but Tappuah on the border of Manasseh belonged to the children of Ephraim; 
And the c
80,e transgressed against me, even unto this very day. 
For they are impudent child
94, that hath not, even that he hath shall be taken away from him. 
But those mine enemies, which
73,le said unto Saul, Shall Jonathan die, who hath wrought this great salvat
69, that I visit them, saith the LORD; then will I bring them up, and re
75,nds he will repay recompence. 
So shall they fear the name of the LORD from
66,. 
Of the oaks of Bashan have they made thine oars; the company of
81,nding; 
That ye might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful i
91,e low; that those which mourn may be exalted to safety. 
He disappointeth the devices of th
78,ry and the prayer which thy servant prayeth before thee: 
That thine eyes may 
70,nce my sanctuary: I am the LORD. 
If ye walk in my statutes, and keep 
91, my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many for the remission of sins. 
But I sa
72,lameless. 
And account that the longsuffering of our Lord is salvation; 
74,ly mountain: let all the inhabitants of the land tremble: for the day of t
69,it upon Isaac his son; and he took the fire in his hand, and a knife;
66,e, to bring thee upon the necks of them that are slain, of the wic
82,not a greater prophet than John the Baptist: but he that is least in the kingdom o
65,ons; for what son is he whom the father chasteneth not? 
But if y
95,equest; and that God would grant me the thing that I long for! 
Even that it would please God t
88,rison, there was a sharp rock on the one side, and a sharp rock on the other side: and t
74,h is in mount Ephraim, and said, Hear me, thou Jeroboam, and all Israel; 

69,seth, the oppressors are consumed out of the land. 
And in mercy shal
93,, be this known unto you, and hearken to my words: 
For these are not drunken, as ye suppose,
77,at thy beloved may be delivered: save with thy right hand, and answer me. 
Go
65,he LORD, and he shall save thee. 
Divers weights are an abominati
65,of the same: all of it was one beaten work of pure gold. 
And he 
93,o Mephibosheth. And Ziba said, I humbly beseech thee that I may find grace in thy sight, my l
66, neither shall any man desire thy land, when thou shalt go up to a
81,ts, three times in the year, even in the feast of unleavened bread, and in the fe
94,d a knop under two branches of the same, according to the six branches that proceed out of the
86,n likewise, that they be in behaviour as becometh holiness, not false accusers, not gi
88, terrify me: 
Then would I speak, and not fear him; but it is not so with me. 
My soul i
78,ke ready two hundred soldiers to go to Caesarea, and horsemen threescore and t
85, And the child did minister unto the LORD before Eli the priest. 
Now the sons of Eli
64,wind upon the land all that day, and all that night; and when it
77,unto the Levites in the land, save cities to dwell in, with their suburbs for
75,place, and hath given us this land, even a land that floweth with milk and 
86,nd the oracle he prepared in the house within, to set there the ark of the covenant of
68,hat be clean shall eat thereof. 
But the soul that eateth of the fle
94,is our son is stubborn and rebellious, he will not obey our voice; he is a glutton, and a drun
91,rstfruits for a wave offering before the LORD, with the two lambs: they shall be holy to th
72,; he delivereth them out of the hand of the wicked. 
Light is sown for t
87,reof shall not give their light: the sun shall be darkened in his going forth, and the 
91,raid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to ex
81,ish, and encamped against it, and fought against it: 
And the LORD delivered Lach
92,it into the midst of the burning of the heifer. 
Then the priest shall wash his clothes, and
81,you, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, by the roes, and by the hinds of the field, tha
77,f the judgment: and whosoever shall say to his brother, Raca, shall be in dan
74, nine. 
The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hasupha, the 
72,e he hath found some uncleanness in her: then let him write her a bill o
75, his sons, and brought them to Jabesh, and buried their bones under the oak
84,ars: seven years reigned he in Hebron, and thirty and three years reigned he in Jeru
69,hath glorified herself, and lived deliciously, so much torment and so
94,wn his head, and worshipped the LORD. 
And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of my master Abrah
75,ear witness unto the truth. Every one that is of the truth heareth my voice
72,ho casteth firebrands, arrows, and death, 
So is the man that deceiveth 
84,thren, if ye have any word of exhortation for the people, say on. 
Then Paul stood u
89, unto the captains of the men of war which went with him, Come near, put your feet upon t
86,aid, Am I in God's stead, who hath withheld from thee the fruit of the womb? 
And she 
81,e land which the LORD thy God giveth thee. 
For all that do such things, and all 
70,and the right of the poor. 
Surely the righteous shall give thanks unt
76,s name was called JESUS, which was so named of the angel before he was conce
92,'s name was Naamah an Ammonitess. And Abijam his son reigned in his stead. 
Now in the eight
84,earning, that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope. 
No
86,of the sons of Harim; Maaseiah, and Elijah, and Shemaiah, and Jehiel, and Uzziah. 
And
77,orted after his mother's death. 
Then again Abraham took a wife, and her name
81,s day. 
There was nothing in the ark save the two tables of stone, which Moses pu
82,we follow on to know the LORD: his going forth is prepared as the morning; and he 
73,d did as Jesus commanded them, 
And brought the ass, and the colt, and pu
89,hed at his doctrine: for his word was with power. 
And in the synagogue there was a man, 
70,pirit to pass out of the land. 
And it shall come to pass, that when a
85,was given, and no stranger passed among them. 
The wicked man travaileth with pain al
78,o that there was never a son left him, save Jehoahaz, the youngest of his sons
64,re lie in wait for him of them more than forty men, which have b
95,shalt go unto the place which the LORD thy God shall choose to place his name there. 
And thou 
72, went out from the land of Egypt. 
It is a night to be much observed unt
90,e hands of the Philistines, and into the hands of the children of Ammon. 
And that year th
89,yea, also I have baked bread upon the coals thereof; I have roasted flesh, and eaten it: 
74,t Ephrathite of Bethlehemjudah, whose name was Jesse; and he had eight son
87,the names of the sons of Aaron, the priests which were anointed, whom he consecrated to
70, be restored, and brought again unto the temple which is at Jerusalem,
92,l, Thy servant kept his father's sheep, and there came a lion, and a bear, and took a lamb o
65,oncerning that he raised him up from the dead, now no more to ret
73,y servants, and upon thy people; that thou mayest know that there is none
91,t the end of the conduit of the upper pool in the highway of the fuller's field; 
And say u
92,ORD thy God from the land of Egypt will yet make thee to dwell in tabernacles, as in the day
64,ay captive into Babylon the remnant of the people that remained 
86,srael. 
And David said to Solomon, My son, as for me, it was in my mind to build an ho
93,he womb: and he shall begin to deliver Israel out of the hand of the Philistines. 
Then the w
81, things. 
Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he. 
And upon this came
69,deshbarnea.) 
And it came to pass in the fortieth year, in the eleven
92, was his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son: 
And Azel had six sons, whose names are these, 
75,d from the multitude of mountains: truly in the LORD our God is the salvati
80,n, and the Levites, and have made you priests after the manner of the nations of
95,here! or, lo there! for, behold, the kingdom of God is within you. 
And he said unto the discip
80,us, 
By a new and living way, which he hath consecrated for us, through the veil
70,y of a solemn feast. 
The LORD hath purposed to destroy the wall of th
88,n shall reign, as the LORD hath said of the sons of David. 
This is the thing that ye sh
87, and he also shall be in derision. 
For was not Israel a derision unto thee? was he fou
78, that breaketh the rock in pieces? 
Therefore, behold, I am against the prophe
65,was Nahshon the son of Amminadab. 
And over the host of the tribe
79,umblingblock, and unto the Greeks foolishness; 
But unto them which are called,
86, wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their t
78, Whom do men say that I am? 
And they answered, John the Baptist; but some say
89,
Whereunto he called you by our gospel, to the obtaining of the glory of our Lord Jesus C
73, I viewed the people, and the priests, and found there none of the sons o
88,minded. 
Be afflicted, and mourn, and weep: let your laughter be turned to mourning, and
89,e having the same spirit of faith, according as it is written, I believed, and therefore 
85,ll they give to the house of Israel according to their tribes. 
Thus saith the Lord G
84,he things that he did at Jerusalem at the feast: for they also went unto the feast. 
75, the one owed five hundred pence, and the other fifty. 
And when they had n
85, bring you to Zion: 
And I will give you pastors according to mine heart, which shall
77,hou sayest that I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came 
84,ob, and all the prophets, in the kingdom of God, and you yourselves thrust out. 
And
76,man hath done nothing amiss. 
And he said unto Jesus, Lord, remember me when
82,lly he shall go astray. 
My son, if thou be surety for thy friend, if thou hast st
73,s. 
And it came to pass at the seventh time, when the priests blew with t
74,ould it also be marvellous in mine eyes? saith the LORD of hosts. 
Thus sa
64,hereof, and all the vessels thereof, and all that serveth theret
79, and think to change times and laws: and they shall be given into his hand unti
85,aid. 
And it came to pass, that in the morning, behold, it was Leah: and he said to L
84,t; the pen of the scribes is in vain. 
The wise men are ashamed, they are dismayed a
90,, because he cursed the LORD's anointed? 
And David said, What have I to do with you, ye s
73,ea; and they went with the servants of Solomon to Ophir, and took thence 
83,them among princes, and to make them inherit the throne of glory: for the pillars o
95,im a thousand chariots, and seven thousand horsemen, and twenty thousand footmen: David also ho
96,RD, but rebel against the commandment of the LORD, then shall the hand of the LORD be against yo
76,to Solomon his son the pattern of the porch, and of the houses thereof, and 
95,of a deacon, being found blameless. 
Even so must their wives be grave, not slanderers, sober, 
77,nd set others in their stead. 
Therefore he knoweth their works, and he overt
96,ght us up out of Egypt, to kill us and our children and our cattle with thirst? 
And Moses cried
83,r his sheep go astray, and hide thyself from them: thou shalt in any case bring the
93,r hath not, from him shall be taken even that which he seemeth to have. 
Then came to him his
68, of the children of Judah. 
And they had in their inheritance Beersh
81,to king Solomon: and Solomon said unto him, Go to thine house. 
Now the days of D
85, I have given Esther the house of Haman, and him they have hanged upon the gallows, b
72,f the air. 
And there came a voice to him, Rise, Peter; kill, and eat. 

76,the name of the place Hormah. 
And they journeyed from mount Hor by the way 
82, cometh a great multitude against thee from beyond the sea on this side Syria; and
78,f from his people; he hath broken my covenant. 
And God said unto Abraham, As 
81,viseth liberal things; and by liberal things shall he stand. 
Rise up, ye women t
65,swell, and thy thigh to rot: And the woman shall say, Amen, amen.
95,d lay it on wood, and put no fire under: and I will dress the other bullock, and lay it on wood
89,t contain thee; how much less this house which I have built! 
Have respect therefore to t
75, be ye holy: for I am the LORD your God. 
And ye shall keep my statutes, an
66,n said Paul, I stand at Caesar's judgment seat, where I ought to b
64, towns, and they who are of the valley of Jezreel. 
And Joshua s
80, the LORD, and their faces toward the east; and they worshipped the sun toward t
77,o them, Ye say that I am. 
And they said, What need we any further witness? f
87,ael, and to speak against him, saying, As the gods of the nations of other lands have n
69,h; and he took Jeremiah the prophet, saying, Thou fallest away to the
95,of Araunah the Jebusite. 
And David spake unto the LORD when he saw the angel that smote the pe
81,ay you, and hear what is the word that cometh forth from the LORD. 
And they come
77,revelation, hath an interpretation. Let all things be done unto edifying. 
If
94, have passed by them. 
But when they saw him walking upon the sea, they supposed it had been a
69,er to the man according to his work. 
I went by the field of the slot
72, the third year of the reign of king Belshazzar a vision appeared unto m
89,the LORD, saying, 
Arise, and go down to the potter's house, and there I will cause thee 
82,ming of the day of God, wherein the heavens being on fire shall be dissolved, and 
95,tion; ye shall do no servile work, and ye shall keep a feast unto the LORD seven days: 
And ye 
84, me. But he said, Lord, suffer me first to go and bury my father. 
Jesus said unto h
66,even to him and to his seed throughout their generations. 
Moreove
81,and love which is in Christ Jesus. 
That good thing which was committed unto thee
77,for this is for your health: for there shall not an hair fall from the head o
67,es. 
And Jacob rent his clothes, and put sackcloth upon his loins, 
86,, as the days of heaven upon the earth. 
For if ye shall diligently keep all these com
76,ive thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you. 
Que
84, lived were nine hundred and thirty years: and he died. 
And Seth lived an hundred a
93,th that he hateth putting away: for one covereth violence with his garment, saith the LORD of
92, might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ; that we might receive the promise of the S
90, and hide thyself: 
And I will go out and stand beside my father in the field where thou a
67, Behold, Elijah is here. 
And it shall come to pass, as soon as I a
68,as he that feareth an oath. 
This is an evil among all things that a
67,
When men are cast down, then thou shalt say, There is lifting up; 
76,ould understand, brethren, that the things which happened unto me have falle
76,ad digged in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines had stopped the
96,ever. 
Gird thy sword upon thy thigh, O most mighty, with thy glory and thy majesty. 
And in thy
79, he left his garment with me, and fled out. 
And it came to pass, when his mast
94,llage, whither they went: and he made as though he would have gone further. 
But they constrai
74,always call upon God? 
I will teach you by the hand of God: that which is 
96, Babylon shall fall. 
My people, go ye out of the midst of her, and deliver ye every man his sou
69, we brought nothing into this world, and it is certain we can carry n
82,of getteth understanding. 
The fear of the LORD is the instruction of wisdom; and 
70,em go, and wilt hold them still, 
Behold, the hand of the LORD is upon
86,tion between the sanctuary and the profane place. 
Afterward he brought me to the gate
69,yed; and the LORD hath given me my petition which I asked of him: 
Th
96,venant which God made with our fathers, saying unto Abraham, And in thy seed shall all the kindr
75, up to heaven, he blessed, and brake, and gave the loaves to his disciples,
66,ng of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders, 
And with 
86,as of God. And they dwelt in their steads until the captivity. 
And the children of th
78,t the inhabitants of Babylon. 
O thou that dwellest upon many waters, abundant
71,went out from us have troubled you with words, subverting your souls, s
78,m of money of the sons of Emmor the father of Sychem. 
But when the time of th
90,brought out of Egypt, and linen yarn: the king's merchants received the linen yarn at a pr
81,es of brass upon his legs, and a target of brass between his shoulders. 
And the 
73,separated themselves from the people of the lands, doing according to the
95,agle mount up at thy command, and make her nest on high? 
She dwelleth and abideth on the rock,
90,they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah? 
And there was war b
67, atonement for the people. 
And he stood between the dead and the l
94,ashes: 
And they shall make themselves utterly bald for thee, and gird them with sackcloth, an
94,any. 
Now when the centurion, and they that were with him, watching Jesus, saw the earthquake,
67, law; they have done nothing of all that thou commandedst them to d
71,ns of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and M
96, of hosts, how long wilt thou be angry against the prayer of thy people? 
Thou feedest them with
91,image. 
And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from before Pharaoh. 
And Joseph placed his
82,he words of Nehemiah the son of Hachaliah. And it came to pass in the month Chisle
81,ought it unto his father, and said unto his father, Let my father arise, and eat 
81,ich your fathers served on the other side of the flood, and in Egypt; and serve y
77,g their beards shaven, and their clothes rent, and having cut themselves, wit
71, in his heart, To whom would the king delight to do honour more than to
73,denieth me before men shall be denied before the angels of God. 
And whos
76,e they were Ishmaelites.) 
And they answered, We will willingly give them. A
92,n, to be unto you for servants and for handmaids. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD; Ye have no
86,nctify the altar: and it shall be an altar most holy. 
And thou shalt anoint the laver
65,m, Go and shew John again those things which ye do hear and see: 
85,t should become of her. 
Now when every maid's turn was come to go in to king Ahasuer
82, of me also, as of one born out of due time. 
For I am the least of the apostles, 
91,e guard had let him go from Ramah, when he had taken him being bound in chains among all th
68,t of the cities round about unto Jerusalem, bringing sick folks, and
95,the reign of Asa. 
In the six and thirtieth year of the reign of Asa Baasha king of Israel came
72,heaven: and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven
66, unto the book of the law. 
And Ezra the scribe stood upon a pulpi
70,ll praise thee, O LORD, when they hear the words of thy mouth. 
Yea, t
87, 
That our sons may be as plants grown up in their youth; that our daughters may be as 
90,the land of Egypt, when we sat by the flesh pots, and when we did eat bread to the full; f
79,ashamed, let not mine enemies triumph over me. 
Yea, let none that wait on thee
75, have delivered them into thine hand; there shall not a man of them stand b
71, the kings of Assyria come, and find much water? 
Also he strengthened 
93,embrance. 
For they have consulted together with one consent: they are confederate against th
65,Judah; and left bearing. 
And when Rachel saw that she bare Jacob
76,f the same: all it shall be one beaten work of pure gold. 
And thou shalt ma
89,in them therefore come and be healed, and not on the sabbath day. 
The Lord then answered
74, deliver us; 
Ye also helping together by prayer for us, that for the gift
83,and with an assembly of people, which shall set against thee buckler and shield and
70, years: and he died. 
And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat 
73,nce of former things; neither shall there be any remembrance of things th
93,he was afraid of him. 
But all Israel and Judah loved David, because he went out and came in 
70,thereof was exceeding great. 
And there came one of the seven angels w
92,ner or a supper, call not thy friends, nor thy brethren, neither thy kinsmen, nor thy rich n
85, trees answered and said, These are they whom the LORD hath sent to walk to and fro t
86,ppose, seeing it is but the third hour of the day. 
But this is that which was spoken 
84,d of the sea by a perpetual decree, that it cannot pass it: and though the waves the
91,e law shall go forth of Zion, and the word of the LORD from Jerusalem. 
And he shall judge 
68,hat their fathers had done. 
For they also built them high places, a
84, voice speaking unto me, and saying in the Hebrew tongue, Saul, Saul, why persecutes
80,also among the nations, and to scatter them in the lands. 
They joined themselve
90,receive, what thank have ye? for sinners also lend to sinners, to receive as much again. 

92,rites! for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but ar
88,r a prey. 
For I have set my face against this city for evil, and not for good, saith th
80,sons of Obededom: they and their sons and their brethren, able men for strength 
94,ve heard that the kings of the house of Israel are merciful kings: let us, I pray thee, put sa
75,k, which city is Hebron. 
And Caleb drove thence the three sons of Anak, Sh
67, in the midst of the seas, thy builders have perfected thy beauty. 
92,n peace: none moved his tongue against any of the children of Israel. 
Then said Joshua, Ope
73,nt will not be corrected by words: for though he understand he will not a
81,them: and afterward I brought you out. 
And I brought your fathers out of Egypt: 
77,ne of Israel. 
Whereas thou has been forsaken and hated, so that no man went 
95,t into the sea, under colour as though they would have cast anchors out of the foreship, 
Paul 
90, was buried in Shamir. 
And after him arose Jair, a Gileadite, and judged Israel twenty an
90, 
And after her he took Maachah the daughter of Absalom; which bare him Abijah, and Attai,
68,red the whole face of the ground. 
And the LORD God formed man of th
73,merchants, and of all the kings of Arabia, and of the governors of the co
81,I be pleasing in his eyes, let it be written to reverse the letters devised by Ha
93,gates, and bars, while the land is yet before us; because we have sought the LORD our God, we
81,ab, and mount Seir, which were come against Judah; and they were smitten. 
For th
70,ou answer us, O God of our salvation; who art the confidence of all th
68,So Joshua did as Moses had said to him, and fought with Amalek: and 
69, For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched
96,ians, and oil is carried into Egypt. 
The LORD hath also a controversy with Judah, and will puni
65, God, shall bless us. 
God shall bless us; and all the ends of th
76,d with him that is mightier than he. 
Seeing there be many things that incre
68,, all ye that fear God, and I will declare what he hath done for my 
81, may know him, and the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his suffe
95,n ships to make the careless Ethiopians afraid, and great pain shall come upon them, as in the 
96,e month Adar, and to take the spoil of them for a prey. 
The copy of the writing for a commandme
84, the charge, and shall do no service. Thus shalt thou do unto the Levites touching t
65,the same John had his raiment of camel's hair, and a leathern gir
93,im another wife; her food, her raiment, and her duty of marriage, shall he not diminish. 
And
94,I will go to the battle; but put thou on thy robes. So the king of Israel disguised himself; a
89,d for ever. 
And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left in thine house shall 
67,thine heart, Wherefore come these things upon me? For the greatness
89,e strong, yea, be strong. And when he had spoken unto me, I was strengthened, and said, L
76,ORD, mine horn is exalted in the LORD: my mouth is enlarged over mine enemie
74,nd I delivered you out of their hand. 
Yet ye have forsaken me, and served
94,r father. 
They answered and said unto him, Abraham is our father. Jesus saith unto them, If y
80, eat thereof. 
A foreigner and an hired servant shall not eat thereof. 
In one h
90,rd of our deeds: but this man hath done nothing amiss. 
And he said unto Jesus, Lord, reme
64,n. 
Shem, Arphaxad, Shelah, 
Eber, Peleg, Reu, 
Serug, Nahor, Te
83,s yoke from off thee, and will burst thy bonds in sunder. 
And the LORD hath given 
81,ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not ye
84,f leprosy; then he shall be brought unto Aaron the priest, or unto one of his sons t
83,re Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim. 
And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, 
96,e to set the sole of her foot upon the ground for delicateness and tenderness, her eye shall be 
67,od was. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Thus thou shalt say unto the
71,Christ's. 
But ye know the proof of him, that, as a son with the father
73, this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord b
87,rd, lay not this sin to their charge. And when he had said this, he fell asleep. 
And S
80,mnant of Judah, that were returned from all nations, whither they had been drive
96,er: 
I call heaven and earth to witness against you this day, that ye shall soon utterly perish 
75, is overthrown by the mouth of the wicked. 
He that is void of wisdom despi
65,ah, and Eliezer. 
Of the singers also; Eliashib: and of the porte
66,re men shall be denied before the angels of God. 
And whosoever sh
79,o new thing under the sun. 
Is there any thing whereof it may be said, See, thi
65,ith kings are they on the throne; yea, he doth establish them for
93,ein. 
And Joshua returned, and all Israel with him, to Debir; and fought against it: 
And he 
81, they the body of Jesus, and wound it in linen clothes with the spices, as the ma
85,ng. 
Again, a new commandment I write unto you, which thing is true in him and in you
96, that he hath but a short time. 
And when the dragon saw that he was cast unto the earth, he per
82,d is yet before us; because we have sought the LORD our God, we have sought him, a
77, from Rameses in the first month, on the fifteenth day of the first month; on
91,
Shall I not visit for these things? saith the LORD: shall not my soul be avenged on such a
96,n. 
And he put garrisons in Edom; throughout all Edom put he garrisons, and all they of Edom bec
86,haath with her suburbs; four cities. 
And out of the tribe of Gad, Ramoth in Gilead wi
83,him. 
And he said, Art thou my very son Esau? And he said, I am. 
And he said, Brin
70,he priest read this letter in the ears of Jeremiah the prophet. 
Then 
75,m away, saying, 
Return to thine own house, and shew how great things God h
87, of righteousness, that iniquity was there. 
I said in mine heart, God shall judge the 
95, thereof, trouble thee. Belteshazzar answered and said, My lord, the dream be to them that hate
75, Ibzan, and was buried at Bethlehem. 
And after him Elon, a Zebulonite, jud
66,us from evil: For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glo
77,hariots, even nine hundred chariots of iron, and all the people that were wit
84,poor and needy seek water, and there is none, and their tongue faileth for thirst, I
86,en before him, and he with the twelfth: and Elijah passed by him, and cast his mantle 
83,hat thou sayest. 
And when he was gone out into the porch, another maid saw him, an
84,roaring of the lion, and the voice of the fierce lion, and the teeth of the young li
93,ily, verily, I say unto you, That ye shall weep and lament, but the world shall rejoice: and 
84,and my flock became meat to every beast of the field, because there was no shepherd,
96,oliness in the fear of God. 
Receive us; we have wronged no man, we have corrupted no man, we ha
71,unto the LORD glory and strength. 
Give unto the LORD the glory due unt
88,e known unto me the interpretation: but thou art able; for the spirit of the holy gods i
77,outh of Judah, even to Beersheba. 
So when they had gone through all the land
81,d plant vineyards, and eat the fruit thereof. 
And the remnant that is escaped of
80,m full of the fury of the LORD; I am weary with holding in: I will pour it out u
69,is family do I devise an evil, from which ye shall not remove your ne
74,y as thou hast given him. 
And this is life eternal, that they might know 
95,of the children of Israel, or of the strangers that sojourn among you, which hunteth and catche
89,ath, crowned with glory and honour; that he by the grace of God should taste death for ev
85,r to stand before your enemies. 
And ye shall perish among the heathen, and the land 
66,e for ever. And Moses told the words of the people unto the LORD. 
82, is your own? 
No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, 
69,of the Amalekites. And Agag came unto him delicately. And Agag said, 
69,called, and hast professed a good profession before many witnesses. 

67,d a burnt offering. 
And Samuel said to Saul, Thou hast done foolis
94, and the oxen, and the asses, and the camels, and the apparel, and returned, and came to Achis
83,s of banishment. 
All that pass by clap their hands at thee; they hiss and wag thei
86, so that the hatred wherewith he hated her was greater than the love wherewith he had 
87,en he raised him from the dead, and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly place
96,d the land into his hand. 
And Judah said unto Simeon his brother, Come up with me into my lot, 
81,nd, and thy speech shall whisper out of the dust. 
Moreover the multitude of thy 
94,them, Is it lawful to do good on the sabbath days, or to do evil? to save life, or to kill? Bu
71,me was Mark; where many were gathered together praying. 
And as Peter k
78,my servants go with thy servants in the ships. But Jehoshaphat would not. 
And
75, twelve angels, and names written thereon, which are the names of the twelv
76,orus. 
Erastus abode at Corinth: but Trophimus have I left at Miletum sick. 
72,hosen. 
And Jesus going up to Jerusalem took the twelve disciples apart 
67,aphtali. 
And it came to pass, when Baasha heard it, that he left o
69,s of the ship. And so it came to pass, that they escaped all safe to 
67, days after these sayings, he took Peter and John and James, and we
73,our fathers: that ye may dwell in the land of Goshen; for every shepherd 
81,e, that will I speak. 
So he came to the king. And the king said unto him, Micaia
83,od: sing praises unto his name; for it is pleasant. 
For the LORD hath chosen Jacob
86,reach from end to end. 
And thou shalt overlay the boards with gold, and make their ri
73,dge: for some with conscience of the idol unto this hour eat it as a thin
76,n thou heardest his words against this place, and against the inhabitants th
85,spake unto Moses, saying, 
Thou shalt also make a laver of brass, and his foot also o
83,
The LORD hath sworn by the excellency of Jacob, Surely I will never forget any of 
64, let not any iniquity have dominion over me. 
Deliver me from th
92, away from Jerusalem unto Babylon; 
Build ye houses, and dwell in them; and plant gardens, a
96,e have relieved the afflicted, if she have diligently followed every good work. 
But the younger
86, sword, judgment, or pestilence, or famine, we stand before this house, and in thy pre
95, tree, thou shalt not go over the boughs again: it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherles
82,cattle, in silver, and in gold. 
And he went on his journeys from the south even t
94,ut for a moment, worketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory; 
While we lo
71,y come unto thee on every side for thy whoredom. 
And the contrary is i
83,name of the LORD: and his father and his mother that begat him shall thrust him thr
93,her's children. 
For the zeal of thine house hath eaten me up; and the reproaches of them tha
94,veth to my jaws; and thou hast brought me into the dust of death. 
For dogs have compassed me:
76,in going: 
A lion which is strongest among beasts, and turneth not away for 
68,f man, cause Jerusalem to know her abominations, 
And say, Thus sait
95,p upon their feet, an exceeding great army. 
Then he said unto me, Son of man, these bones are 
95,here, lifting up holy hands, without wrath and doubting. 
In like manner also, that women adorn
82,hem: and they shall accept of the punishment of their iniquity: because, even beca
78,glory of the LORD had filled the house of the LORD. 
Then spake Solomon, The L
71, pass, that in the fifth year of king Rehoboam Shishak king of Egypt ca
80,bad; and what cities they be that they dwell in, whether in tents, or in strong 
82,n, having put his hand to the plough, and looking back, is fit for the kingdom of 
83,thirty and seven thousand. 
And of the Danites expert in war twenty and eight thous
77,he, knowing their thoughts, said unto them, Every kingdom divided against its
88,im, and fear not. 
They encourage themselves in an evil matter: they commune of laying s
83,the way, and hast made thy beauty to be abhorred, and hast opened thy feet to every
75,ord among all people: 
And at this house, which is high, every one that pas
77,to the house of the LORD; there was no more spirit in her. 
And she said to t
95,f the bag are his work. 
It is an abomination to kings to commit wickedness: for the throne is 
76,w therefore let not Hezekiah deceive you, nor persuade you on this manner, n
79,Bashan, which reigned in Ashtaroth and in Edrei, who remained of the remnant of
87, will sow them among the people: and they shall remember me in far countries; and they 
91,f Nebat, and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin, to provoke the LORD God of Israel 
72,thy son Joseph, God hath made me lord of all Egypt: come down unto me, t
84,to Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, the Jews' enemy. 
And the king said unto
82, the chariot in the pool of Samaria; and the dogs licked up his blood; and they wa
75,nd with Birsha king of Gomorrah, Shinab king of Admah, and Shemeber king of
76,ns, because I know that the spirit of the holy gods is in thee, and no secre
69,e priest, the scribe of the law of the God of heaven, shall require o
75,s, when Pharaoh had let the people go, that God led them not through the wa
73,uld betray him, being one of the twelve. 
After these things Jesus walked
69,sed, neither bound up, neither mollified with ointment. 
Your country
74, priest shall not seek for yellow hair; he is unclean. 
But if the scall b
90,m unto you? And they covenanted with him for thirty pieces of silver. 
And from that time 
73,and I will bring you word again, as the LORD shall speak unto me: and the
70,esh and the unleavened cakes, and lay them upon this rock, and pour ou
79,offering made by fire unto the LORD: it is a trespass offering. 
Every male amo
68,cked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap. 
For he 
69,despite against the land of Israel; 
Behold, therefore I will stretch
77,neither doth a fool understand this. 
When the wicked spring as the grass, an
90,bs, 
Aijalon with her suburbs, Gathrimmon with her suburbs; four cities. 
And out of the h
88,trength also loveth judgment; thou dost establish equity, thou executest judgment and ri
64,goldsmiths. Next unto him also repaired Hananiah the son of one 
96,nd Peleg lived after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years, and begat sons and daughters. 
And
91, have mercy on them, and he that formed them will shew them no favour. 
And it shall come t
96,g upon her beloved? I raised thee up under the apple tree: there thy mother brought thee forth: 
70, thee. 
And unto Sarah he said, Behold, I have given thy brother a tho
86,nant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant. 
And the uncircumcised man ch
83,all be your servant. 
And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he tha
87,unto you, saith the LORD of hosts. 
Be ye not as your fathers, unto whom the former pro
81,ician by nation; and she besought him that he would cast forth the devil out of h
82,nto the west side, a portion for Reuben. 
And by the border of Reuben, from the ea
90, with him a great multitude with swords and staves, from the chief priests and elders of t
66,ve trees increased, the palmerworm devoured them: yet have ye not 
95, visitation hath preserved my spirit. 
And these things hast thou hid in thine heart: I know th
83,nd over his mark, and over the number of his name, stand on the sea of glass, havin
74,cast down the people, O God. 
Thou tellest my wanderings: put thou my tear
87,d close by Crete. 
But not long after there arose against it a tempestuous wind, called
74,am the LORD your God. 
And if ye offer a sacrifice of peace offerings unto
77,o thyself, and unto the doctrine; continue in them: for in doing this thou sh
93,s evil entreated us, and afflicted us, and laid upon us hard bondage: 
And when we cried unto
68,ough kings in the day of his wrath. 
He shall judge among the heathe
77,Take heed now that ye fail not to do this: why should damage grow to the hurt
82,owed in the cities for chariots, and with the king at Jerusalem. 
And the king mad
70,Behold, we knew it not; doth not he that pondereth the heart consider 
90, increased more than all that were before me in Jerusalem: also my wisdom remained with me
65,vid, and ceased. 
And Nabal answered David's servants, and said, 
83,ttle; there is not ought left in the sight of my lord, but our bodies, and our land
92,ple had done passing out of the city. 
And the king said unto Zadok, Carry back the ark of G
86, office over the things that were made in the pans. 
And other of their brethren, of t
67,us, and labour on the day. 
So neither I, nor my brethren, nor my s
75,ons of Phinehas; Gershom: of the sons of Ithamar; Daniel: of the sons of Da
78,, the famine was sore in the city, so that there was no bread for the people o
86, and his servants, and his princes, and all his people; 
And all the mingled people, a
86,lves before the LORD, and Satan came also among them. 
And the LORD said unto Satan, W
89,ccording to all that her mother in law bade her. 
And when Boaz had eaten and drunk, and 
75,hren, they comforted them, and departed. 
Now when they had passed through 
83,some of the Pharisees from among the multitude said unto him, Master, rebuke thy di
86,his own voluntary will at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LO
86, he is a Jew, which is one inwardly; and circumcision is that of the heart, in the spi
73,kedness: neither shall evil dwell with thee. 
The foolish shall not stand
79,e Samaritans enter ye not: 
But go rather to the lost sheep of the house of Isr
87,fferings of the LORD made by fire, in the day when he presented them to minister unto t
67,hat I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel, and with t
86,p the ark, and it was lift up above the earth. 
And the waters prevailed, and were inc
71, for fear of the LORD, and for the glory of his majesty, when he ariset
93,the face of the earth: The LORD is his name. 
Are ye not as children of the Ethiopians unto m
67, a meat offering of three tenth deals of flour mingled with half an
82,, with the kidneys, it shall he take away. 
And the priest shall burn it upon the 
96, the word of righteousness: for he is a babe. 
But strong meat belongeth to them that are of ful
88,other place; peradventure it will please God that thou mayest curse me them from thence.
89,not, and cast it upon him, that he die, and was not his enemy, neither sought his harm: 

82,sed an ambushment to come about behind them: so they were before Judah, and the am
89,inst me: for then I will take away out of the midst of thee them that rejoice in thy prid
78,rue God, and eternal life. 
Little children, keep yourselves from idols. Amen.
96,ot of works, but of him that calleth;) 
It was said unto her, The elder shall serve the younger.
90,with God? God forbid. 
For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy,
96,ember it; neither shall they visit it; neither shall that be done any more. 
At that time they s
76,ople went over Jordan. And when the king was come over, the king kissed Barz
94, the custom, as the duty of every day required; 
And afterward offered the continual burnt off
86,ul of the poor from the hand of evildoers. 
Cursed be the day wherein I was born: let 
88,ss of man shall be bowed down, and the haughtiness of men shall be made low: and the LOR
85, built Shechem in mount Ephraim, and dwelt therein; and went out from thence, and bui
90,ity is taken away, and thy sin purged. 
Also I heard the voice of the Lord, saying, Whom s
78,of thy pride, 
Before thy wickedness was discovered, as at the time of thy rep
75, oath unto Isaac; 
And hath confirmed the same to Jacob for a law, and to I
77,as it were two cubits high upon the face of the earth. 
And the people stood 
70,sh my anger against them in the midst of the land of Egypt. 
But I wro
77,servant, Go up now, look toward the sea. And he went up, and looked, and said
68,Children, how hard is it for them that trust in riches to enter into
75,gistrates sent the serjeants, saying, Let those men go. 
And the keeper of 
80,es, that say to the molten images, Ye are our gods. 
Hear, ye deaf; and look, ye
80, word of the LORD came also unto me, saying, 
Thou shalt not take thee a wife, n
83,cut off his ear. 
And Jesus answered and said unto them, Are ye come out, as agains
78, of the half tribe of the children of Manasseh by their families. 
And their c
92,l see this place no more. 
The LORD hath said concerning you, O ye remnant of Judah; Go ye n
83,alled Wormwood: and the third part of the waters became wormwood; and many men died
84, utterly destroyed them all. Then all the children of Israel returned, every man to 
74,tain unto the LORD, having his uncleanness upon him, even that soul shall 
75,they went to Mattanah: 
And from Mattanah to Nahaliel: and from Nahaliel to
66,d asses, and sheep, with the edge of the sword. 
And one of the so
92,nto me one of the seven angels which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and
88,e of a broiled fish, and of an honeycomb. 
And he took it, and did eat before them. 
And
79,st, and their flesh as the dung. 
Neither their silver nor their gold shall be 
95, of their transgression, and because of their iniquities, are afflicted. 
Their soul abhorreth 
92,she shall not overtake them; and she shall seek them, but shall not find them: then shall sh
85,ne while he talked with him. 
And when Aaron and all the children of Israel saw Moses
74,evil from the north, and a great destruction. 
The lion is come up from hi
89,, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I took thee from the sheepcote, from following the sheep,
94,ake them savoury meat for thy father, such as he loveth: 
And thou shalt bring it to thy fathe
76, promise of my Father upon you: but tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem, until
70,, hath sent unto me, saying, 
Behold, there is a people come out of Eg
72,according to the number of the days that thou shalt lie upon it thou sha
68,them a saviour, and a great one, and he shall deliver them. 
And the
68,as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death? 
Th
70, I will receive you. 
And will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be m
96, thou give me, that thou mayest come in unto me? 
And he said, I will send thee a kid from the f
85,o thy seed after thee. 
And I will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, the la
65, unto Sodom, and Gomorrah, and Admah, and Zeboim, even unto Lasha
87,nd bowed herself to the ground, 
And fell at his feet, and said, Upon me, my lord, upon
82,vice in the tabernacle of the congregation; the boards of the tabernacle, and the 
67,d dissolve doubts: now if thou canst read the writing, and make kno
95,d I will set my face against you, and ye shall be slain before your enemies: they that hate you
72,e presence of the king, to number the people of Israel. 
And they passed
72,hath been already done. 
Then I saw that wisdom excelleth folly, as far 
90,not offer an offering of the LORD in his appointed season among the children of Israel? 
A
93,e molten images. 
And they brake down the altars of Baalim in his presence; and the images, t
79,LORD that formed it, to establish it; the LORD is his name; 
Call unto me, and 
87,d cause to come up against Babylon an assembly of great nations from the north country:
83,set at liberty at their pleasure, to return, and brought them into subjection, to b
92,inually, he will deliver thee. 
And a stone was brought, and laid upon the mouth of the den;
94,s. 
For he saith, By the strength of my hand I have done it, and by my wisdom; for I am pruden
89,said, I am not mad, most noble Festus; but speak forth the words of truth and soberness. 
79,are dead; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee. 
Then Job arose, and rent h
79,s? let her be shut out from the camp seven days, and after that let her be rece
84,es: was there a shield or spear seen among forty thousand in Israel? 
My heart is to
89,. 
But God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by who
71, and we entered into the man's house: 
And he shewed us how he had seen
66,of the children of Israel: 
Six of their names on one stone, and t
73,Jeshimon. 
Saul also and his men went to seek him. And they told David; w
82, thou art no more a servant, but a son; and if a son, then an heir of God through 
89,was opened immediately, and his tongue loosed, and he spake, and praised God. 
And fear c
94,
Behold, he that keepeth Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep. 
The LORD is thy keeper: the 
79,es of the kingdom of Og in Bashan, were pertaining unto the children of Machir 
88,ur bodies, and our lands: 
Wherefore shall we die before thine eyes, both we and our lan
77, the root of the righteous shall not be moved. 
A virtuous woman is a crown t
86,nd ten of their brethren with them, 
And weighed unto them the silver, and the gold, a
76, is stronger than men. 
For ye see your calling, brethren, how that not many
89,and with thy rod over the streams, over the rivers, and over the ponds, and cause frogs t
67,
And Jacob rent his clothes, and put sackcloth upon his loins, and 
64,any, they returned again to Lystra, and to Iconium, and Antioch,
72, 
Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that y
76,g of Judah, that was the first year of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon; 
The 
75,down to the ground; even with two lines measured he to put to death, and wi
92,n Jerusalem dwelt of the children of Judah, and of the children of Benjamin, and of the chil
82,he sun shall they of the standard of the camp of Judah pitch throughout their armi
83,foot thither out of all cities, and outwent them, and came together unto him. 
And 
87,or except we had lingered, surely now we had returned this second time. 
And their fath
79,d groves out of Judah. 
Also in the third year of his reign he sent to his prin
68,ot David hide himself with us in strong holds in the wood, in the hi
66,ayed not to keep thy commandments. 
The bands of the wicked have r
86,e hast thou also taught the wicked ones thy ways. 
Also in thy skirts is found the blo
88,ple for his name. 
And to this agree the words of the prophets; as it is written, 
After
69,herein; and she laid it in the flags by the river's brink. 
And his s
90,e was a man in Maon, whose possessions were in Carmel; and the man was very great, and he 
85, sake; 
Having the same conflict which ye saw in me, and now hear to be in me. 
If th
93,the mountains; for the valley of the mountains shall reach unto Azal: yea, ye shall flee, lik
79,h the prophetess, the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvath, the son of Hasrah, ke
73,er the first testament was dedicated without blood. 
For when Moses had s
82, off the dust of their feet against them, and came unto Iconium. 
And the disciple
75,ed, and brought bracelets, and earrings, and rings, and tablets, all jewels
77, to look upon, a virgin, neither had any man known her: and she went down to 
76,ish you, and to comfort you concerning your faith: 
That no man should be mo
76,naan shall be his servant. 
God shall enlarge Japheth, and he shall dwell in
71,d upon the evil, and brought it upon us: for the LORD our God is righte
94,s heart, neither is there knowledge nor understanding to say, I have burned part of it in the 
92,mischief by a law? 
They gather themselves together against the soul of the righteous, and c
65,or the priesthood being changed, there is made of necessity a cha
82,t creepeth upon the earth: 
To make a difference between the unclean and the clean
64,d over the host of the tribe of the children of Simeon was Shelu
76,f they abide not still in unbelief, shall be graffed in: for God is able to 
66,, and shall be moved no more; neither shall the children of wicked
81,y of the north gate to worship shall go out by the way of the south gate; and he 
79, with him when he called Lazarus out of his grave, and raised him from the dead
71,e is not clean. 
And it came to pass on the morrow, which was the secon
90,ith harps, according to the commandment of David, and of Gad the king's seer, and Nathan t
65,ell among the children of Israel. 
And the chief fathers of the f
76,e LORD; for that ye did desire. And they were driven out from Pharaoh's pres
71, they were all afraid of him, and believed not that he was a disciple. 
70, was yet in Gilgal, and all the people followed him trembling. 
And he
68,e children of Reuben built Heshbon, and Elealeh, and Kirjathaim, 
An
86, ye him drunken: for he magnified himself against the LORD: Moab also shall wallow in 
85,an. 
I fast twice in the week, I give tithes of all that I possess. 
And the publican
81,ver: but the Son abideth ever. 
If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shal
90,tten unto them; 
Because Haman the son of Hammedatha, the Agagite, the enemy of all the Je
81,They sacrifice flesh for the sacrifices of mine offerings, and eat it; but the LO
69,ad held their peace, James answered, saying, Men and brethren, hearke
74,bread on the sabbath day, that they watched him. 
And, behold, there was a
65,ile the ark abode in Kirjathjearim, that the time was long; for i
77,hath withdrawn his hand from iniquity, hath executed true judgment between ma
87, amend. And they said unto him, Yesterday at the seventh hour the fever left him. 
So t
87, of the host before me continually in the room of Joab. 
And he bowed the heart of all 
74,es: thou castedst them down into destruction. 
How are they brought into d
66,perdition, but to you of salvation, and that of God. 
For unto you
89,eth incense to his gods. 
Therefore mine heart shall sound for Moab like pipes, and mine 
94,son of Jesse: every man to your tents, O Israel: and now, David, see to thine own house. So al
75,is the disciple which testifieth of these things, and wrote these things: a
87,r voice to God with one accord, and said, Lord, thou art God, which hast made heaven, a
71,a, and the flood decayeth and drieth up: 
So man lieth down, and riseth
68,e LORD said unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Stretch out thy rod, and smi
86,the gates. 
The words of the Preacher, the son of David, king in Jerusalem. 
Vanity of
66,r in his testimonies; therefore this evil is happened unto you, as
69,se give every one of you fields and vineyards, and make you all capta
76, after that thou shalt cut it down. 
And he was teaching in one of the synag
96,a man chasteneth his son, so the LORD thy God chasteneth thee. 
Therefore thou shalt keep the co
74,, and mete out the valley of Succoth. 
Gilead is mine, and Manasseh is min
93,y they are apostles, and are not, and hast found them liars: 
And hast borne, and hast patien
75, conveyed himself away, a multitude being in that place. 
Afterward Jesus f
65, the son of Zichri: of the Simeonites, Shephatiah the son of Maac
85, where thou lodgest, I will lodge: thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God:
83,t all Judaea, and throughout all the region round about. 
And the disciples of John
82,herein, as their fathers did keep it, or not. 
Therefore the LORD left those natio
68,n their own fat: with their mouth they speak proudly. 
They have now
89, he was come, he goeth straightway to him, and saith, Master, master; and kissed him. 
An
79,l cry unto them, Fear is on every side. 
Flee, get you far off, dwell deep, O y
72, sea, heard that the LORD had dried up the waters of Jordan from before 
80,d the magicians could not stand before Moses because of the boils; for the boil 
91,sent me. 
And the seventy returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even the devils are subjec
83, his servant. 
The LORD our God be with us, as he was with our fathers: let him not
87,my. 
I have given him the land of Egypt for his labour wherewith he served against it, 
93,ng, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day. 
The 
70, me behind thy back: 
Therefore, behold, I will bring evil upon the ho
64,and Judas Iscariot, who also betrayed him. 
These twelve Jesus s
93,sus mocked him, and smote him. 
And when they had blindfolded him, they struck him on the fac
91,, it shall be measured to you: and unto you that hear shall more be given. 
For he that hat
89, shall turn to her hire, and shall commit fornication with all the kingdoms of the world 
67,ded first into the lower parts of the earth? 
He that descended is 
70,ng three full weeks. 
I ate no pleasant bread, neither came flesh nor 
82,l; and thus and thus have I counselled. 
Now therefore send quickly, and tell Davi
79,to come down for you the rain, the former rain, and the latter rain in the firs
93,e among all the gods of those nations that my fathers utterly destroyed, that could deliver h
64,ries: which is to them an evident token of perdition, but to you
94,l be when ye be gone over Jordan, that ye shall set up these stones, which I command you this 
94,nant of Israel as a vine: turn back thine hand as a grapegatherer into the baskets. 
To whom s
95,. 
And they said, Lord, behold, here are two swords. And he said unto them, It is enough. 
And 
95,the congregation of them that were come again out of the captivity made booths, and sat under t
84, judged. 
I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now. 
Howb
81,ghbour's vineyard, then thou mayest eat grapes thy fill at thine own pleasure; bu
81,o Jacob; because they have not wholly followed me: 
Save Caleb the son of Jephunn
84, by their word shall every controversy and every stroke be tried: 
And all the elder
92,
A little leaven leaveneth the whole lump. 
I have confidence in you through the Lord, that 
85,od, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ, and of all things that he saw. 
Blessed is 
84,e live, if ye stand fast in the Lord. 
For what thanks can we render to God again fo
64,easured from gate to gate toward the south an hundred cubits. 
A
89,liver them into the hand of those that seek their lives, and into the hand of Nebuchadrez
96,at enter in by these gates: 
Thus saith the LORD; Take heed to yourselves, and bear no burden on
68, way side, and the fowls came and devoured them up: 
Some fell upon 
91,me was Adino the Eznite: he lift up his spear against eight hundred, whom he slew at one ti
86,y from his fierce anger, that we perish not? 
And God saw their works, that they turne
78,wo of them that ministered unto him, Timotheus and Erastus; but he himself sta
74,om Uphaz, the work of the workman, and of the hands of the founder: blue a
76, as Moses the servant of the LORD commanded. 
But as for the cities that sto
78, the rulers of the synagogue sent unto them, saying, Ye men and brethren, if y
79,I will sing praises unto my God while I have any being. 
Put not your trust in 
69,passed with armies, then know that the desolation thereof is nigh. 
T
69,n darkness and in the shadow of death, to guide our feet into the way
73,ought to go over unto the Philistines' garrison, there was a sharp rock o
92,lay it, and shalt make upon it a crown of gold round about. 
And thou shalt cast four rings 
81,ll the day long; we are accounted as sheep for the slaughter. 
Nay, in all these 
94,that man that maketh the LORD his trust, and respecteth not the proud, nor such as turn aside 
72,
And the LORD said unto Abraham, Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Shal
90,nd thirty. 
The priests: the children of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred sev
90, likewise to the small rain, and to the great rain of his strength. 
He sealeth up the han
77,the Holy One of Jacob, and shall fear the God of Israel. 
They also that erre
75,n to a man whose way is hid, and whom God hath hedged in? 
For my sighing c
64,eds, each one walking in his uprightness. 
But draw near hither,
69,n afraid or feared, that thou hast lied, and hast not remembered me, 
79,the river, because they have made their groves, provoking the LORD to anger. 
A
70,th; and Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam, 
And Mishma, and Dumah, and Mas
78,ime of his old age he was diseased in his feet. 
And Asa slept with his father
93,morning to thank and praise the LORD, and likewise at even: 
And to offer all burnt sacrifice
74,ve ear unto me, ye that have knowledge. 
For the ear trieth words, as the 
73, ye know, at Philippi, we were bold in our God to speak unto you the gosp
95, the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall 
95,s, beside the other in her life time. 
Also thou shalt not approach unto a woman to uncover her
65,gainst me. 
And it shall be to me a name of joy, a praise and an 
87, that they became tributaries. 
And the coast of the Amorites was from the going up to 
79,at turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever. 
But thou, O Dani
79,wind in the day of the east wind. 
By this therefore shall the iniquity of Jaco
94, ever. 
I will be his father, and he shall be my son. If he commit iniquity, I will chasten hi
85, that made them will not have mercy on them, and he that formed them will shew them n
77,ecause the LORD was with him, and was departed from Saul. 
Therefore Saul rem
74,ave sinned in the law shall be judged by the law; 
(For not the hearers of
72,he country, said unto us, Hereby shall I know that ye are true men; leav
86,wn unto you. 
Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye 
92,ten in this book of the law: 
So that the generation to come of your children that shall ris
69,ereth the obedience of you all, how with fear and trembling ye receiv
83, gavest them me; and they have kept thy word. 
Now they have known that all things 
70,nd the cup of trembling, even the dregs of the cup of my fury; thou sh
72,ple that dwellest in Zion, be not afraid of the Assyrian: he shall smite
75,ase men: they were viler than the earth. 
And now am I their song, yea, I a
70,umbered, neither the sand of the sea measured: so will I multiply the 
65,d with the east wind sprung up after them. 
And the seven thin ea
79,em in their synagogue, insomuch that they were astonished, and said, Whence hat
79,rth. 
By the breath of God frost is given: and the breadth of the waters is str
72,nd he was casting out a devil, and it was dumb. And it came to pass, whe
74,ptuously up into the hill. 
And the Amorites, which dwelt in that mountain
89,even of old, and thou fearest me not? 
I will declare thy righteousness, and thy works; f
77,m lay their hands upon his head, and let all the congregation stone him. 
And
96,nd the name of the other Zillah. 
And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in ten
84,n to be about thirty years of age, being (as was supposed) the son of Joseph, which 
80,nd stricken in years; and the LORD said unto him, Thou art old and stricken in y
92,: and the Philistines pitched in Aphek. 
And the Philistines put themselves in array against
69, present which was in their hand into the house, and bowed themselves
82, against thee: for I am with thee to save thee and to deliver thee, saith the LORD
67,th, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza, 
And Moza begat Binea: Rapha w
84,atly polluted? but thou hast played the harlot with many lovers; yet return again to
94,er on the day that he heard it; then he shall make her vow which she vowed, and that which she
96,power. 
Before him went the pestilence, and burning coals went forth at his feet. 
He stood, and
67,hief of their might. 
And upon Elam will I bring the four winds fro
87,ah, 
And Humtah, and Kirjatharba, which is Hebron, and Zior; nine cities with their vil
78,uld he slay thee, that all the Jews which are gathered unto thee should be sca
93,For the Lamb which is in the midst of the throne shall feed them, and shall lead them unto li
80,abide in me. 
I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I i
69,dness, (woe, woe unto thee! saith the LORD GOD;) 
That thou hast also
71,ish at the rebuke of thy countenance. 
Let thy hand be upon the man of 
72,ed, and his sepulchre is with us unto this day. 
Therefore being a proph
78,which he sent him. 
Then the Spirit of the LORD came upon Jephthah, and he pas
88,hold my peace, because thou hast heard, O my soul, the sound of the trumpet, the alarm o
67,l deceive many. 
And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see
94,sanctify my great name, which was profaned among the heathen, which ye have profaned in the mi
69,lf. 
But I will put hooks in thy jaws, and I will cause the fish of t
80,tation shall not be cut off. 
Lay not wait, O wicked man, against the dwelling o
65,dah. 
Then Asa took all the silver and the gold that were left in
76,t rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his hor
90,and came to Mitylene. 
And we sailed thence, and came the next day over against Chios; and
77,l. 
And Jonathan stripped himself of the robe that was upon him, and gave it 
64, God saw that it was good. 
And the evening and the morning were
75,rds flying, so will the LORD of hosts defend Jerusalem; defending also he w
77,which have been done in thee, had been done in Sodom, it would have remained 
94, to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, neither yet bread to the wise, nor yet riches to 
71,t of the tribe of the children of Zebulun was Eliab the son of Helon. 

73,servants of Solomon, which brought gold from Ophir, brought algum trees a
70,ent messengers to David, and timber of cedars, with masons and carpent
69,h cruel hatred. 
O keep my soul, and deliver me: let me not be ashame
73, and ye have not obeyed my voice, saith the LORD. 
Turn, O backsliding ch
80, thee one stick, and write upon it, For Judah, and for the children of Israel hi
79,eport? and to whom hath the arm of the Lord been revealed? 
Therefore they coul
76,mercy, and upon the Israel of God. 
From henceforth let no man trouble me: f
75,t meat and drink; but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. 
82, are they that keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus. 
And I heard 
87,nations, and shall rebuke many people: and they shall beat their swords into plowshares
73,s: for every one is an hypocrite and an evildoer, and every mouth speaket
67,tus, he is my partner and fellowhelper concerning you: or our breth
67,ople answered and said, God forbid that we should forsake the LORD,
66, with thee, and with thy children after thee, when thou shalt do t
66, brethren: and the first, when he had married a wife, deceased, an
69, but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with
91,and like oil into his bones. 
Let it be unto him as the garment which covereth him, and for
73,y. 
And Tychicus have I sent to Ephesus. 
The cloke that I left at Troas 
83,So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that she
64,of the Red sea. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, s
92,e; and he said unto me, Arise, go forth into the plain, and I will there talk with thee. 
Th
94,ves of Ephraim among the Ephraimites, and among the Manassites. 
And the Gileadites took the p
95,ns in law. 
And when the morning arose, then the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take thy w
91,axad, Shelah, 
Eber, Peleg, Reu, 
Serug, Nahor, Terah, 
Abram; the same is Abraham. 
The so
72,red unto me of my Father: and no man knoweth the Son, but the Father; ne
76,to me, Let me go; why should I kill thee? 
So David fled, and escaped, and c
68,t lie upon it thou shalt bear their iniquity. 
For I have laid upon 
67,e rod that was in his hand, and dipped it in an honeycomb, and put 
94,or a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering, unto the LORD, to make an atonement for
71,d me: strong bulls of Bashan have beset me round. 
They gaped upon me w
75,r foot of men. 
Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hil
72,ns were not given to marriage. 
Their priests fell by the sword; and the
85,d the land had rest forty years. 
And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of
70, the horn of thine adversaries. 
Their heart cried unto the LORD, O wa
64,jah, and Benaiah. 
And of the sons of Elam; Mattaniah, Zechariah
69, to be made an high priest; but he that said unto him, Thou art my So
84,s end shall be a fool. 
A glorious high throne from the beginning is the place of ou
64, with them, he consented not; 
But bade them farewell, saying, I
73,r God forbad us. 
Then we turned, and went up the way to Bashan: and Og t
94,f Judah. 
Moreover he put out Zedekiah's eyes, and bound him with chains, to carry him to Baby
72,that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom a
64,Abib: for in the month Abib thou camest out from Egypt. 
All tha
85,Go, shew thyself unto Ahab; and I will send rain upon the earth. 
And Elijah went to 
83,. 
And they gave him audience unto this word, and then lifted up their voices, and 
69,ded he among them all. 
And they did all eat, and were filled. 
And t
77, the priest of Baal before the altars. 
Also Jehoiada appointed the offices o
67, Israel was sore distressed. 
And the children of Israel cried unto
86,ut. 
Then Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive certain of the poo
67, they know not the thoughts of the LORD, neither understand they hi
92,the son against the father; the mother against the daughter, and the daughter against the mo
64,so are full of goodness, filled with all knowledge, able also to
91, hand. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, When thou goest to return into Egypt, see that thou d
65, the house of the LORD, and in Jerusalem, and cast them out of th
66,hem a saviour, and a great one, and he shall deliver them. 
And th
79, the sea, and saw a beast rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten ho
91,, 
And had commanded him concerning this thing, that he should not go after other gods: but
69,od for a man not to touch a woman. 
Nevertheless, to avoid fornicatio
66,himea, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon, four, of Bathshua the 
91,of the iron furnace, even out of Egypt, to be unto him a people of inheritance, as ye are t
73,uity of Ephraim is bound up; his sin is hid. 
The sorrows of a travailing
76,e wall, that thou mayest be their king, according to these words. 
And thou 
77,htali, and out of the tribe of Manasseh in Bashan, thirteen cities. 
Unto the
72,d to thy brethren, to do with the rest of the silver and the gold, that 
67,s, and Rehob with her suburbs: 
And out of the tribe of Naphtali; K
93,be destroyed. 
I Daniel was grieved in my spirit in the midst of my body, and the visions of 
74,and come not ye unto Gilgal, neither go ye up to Bethaven, nor swear, The 
91,t of the treasures of the house of the LORD and of the king's house, and sent to Benhadad k
75, to the remembrance of thee. 
With my soul have I desired thee in the night
89,reins shall rejoice, when thy lips speak right things. 
Let not thine heart envy sinners:
67, shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of t
72,m; and the heavens and the earth shall shake: but the LORD will be the h
93, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you. 
Hitherto have ye asked 
84,palm trees and open flowers, within and without. 
And the floors of the house he ove
70,ed, both riches, and honour: so that there shall not be any among the 
80, life for thy sake. 
Jesus answered him, Wilt thou lay down thy life for my sake
75,oss. And the writing was JESUS OF NAZARETH THE KING OF THE JEWS. 
This titl
66,l make known thy truth. 
The LORD was ready to save me: therefore 
