1000
76,ng themselves, saying, This is the heir: come, let us kill him, that the inh
96,eople, which thou redeemedst to thee from Egypt, from the nations and their gods? 
For thou hast
66,ccording to their tribes; and the spirit of God came upon him. 
An
95,to send him. 
Of whom I have no certain thing to write unto my lord. Wherefore I have brought h
88,ue, and interpreted in the Syrian tongue. 
Rehum the chancellor and Shimshai the scribe 
90, of grapes: 
His eyes shall be red with wine, and his teeth white with milk. 
Zebulun shal
95, a merry heart hath a continual feast. 
Better is little with the fear of the LORD than great t
64,tteth a wise child shall have joy of him. 
Thy father and thy mo
78,onourable than all the house of his father. 
And Hamor and Shechem his son cam
96,d, behold, the face of the ground was dry. 
And in the second month, on the seven and twentieth 
91, Dan, Bukki the son of Jogli. 
The prince of the children of Joseph, for the tribe of the c
78,m; he shined forth from mount Paran, and he came with ten thousands of saints:
91,egroom cometh; go ye out to meet him. 
Then all those virgins arose, and trimmed their lamp
77,ndred men that were with him, came unto the outside of the camp in the beginn
91, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ. 
And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw a b
96, thine enemies, and hatest thy friends. For thou hast declared this day, that thou regardest nei
70,umed. 
And all the prophets prophesied so, saying, Go up to Ramothgile
77,hich, saith he, ye have heard of me. 
For John truly baptized with water; but
91,t unto the heavens, and thy truth unto the clouds. 
Be thou exalted, O God, above the heave
93,to the God of Israel, twelve bullocks for all Israel, ninety and six rams, seventy and seven 
68,own vineyard, shall he make restitution. 
If fire break out, and cat
93, he was a prophet indeed. 
And they answered and said unto Jesus, We cannot tell. And Jesus a
74,
And Jesus said unto them, Can the children of the bridechamber mourn, as 
88,to pass at midnight, that the man was afraid, and turned himself: and, behold, a woman l
73, over a man as long as he liveth? 
For the woman which hath an husband is
78,s Christ; not by water only, but by water and blood. And it is the Spirit that
65,they minister; for they are holy; and shall put on other garments
73,The Lord be with you all. 
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, whi
92, his word. So the woman abode, and gave her son suck until she weaned him. 
And when she had
72,en that are left in the king of Judah's house shall be brought forth to 
73,o the ground. 
Then asked he them again, Whom seek ye? And they said, Jes
89,ich holdeth our soul in life, and suffereth not our feet to be moved. 
For thou, O God, h
69,sleep. 
There is a sore evil which I have seen under the sun, namely,
84,h upon the heaven in thy help, and in his excellency on the sky. 
The eternal God is
77,ick; they have beaten me, and I felt it not: when shall I awake? I will seek 
78,e goats for a sin offering: 
And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen,
66,ll that God had done with them, and how he had opened the door of 
79,he LORD be angry, and I will speak: Peradventure there shall thirty be found th
69,hen they shall look after them: but they shall know that I am the Lor
96,he truth. Every one that is of the truth heareth my voice. 
Pilate saith unto him, What is truth
89,of Hanani against Baasha, saying, 
Forasmuch as I exalted thee out of the dust, and made 
75,ne upon it, and will cut off man and beast from it: 
Though these three men
68,the Agagite, which he wrote to destroy the Jews which are in all the
83,reigned in his stead. 
And it came to pass, when he reigned, that he smote all the 
71,ying, 
Go and tell Hananiah, saying, Thus saith the LORD; Thou hast bro
84,much, and, lo it came to little; and when ye brought it home, I did blow upon it. Wh
65,onfess to thee among the Gentiles, and sing unto thy name. 
And a
93,are the sons of Dan after their families: of Shuham, the family of the Shuhamites. These are 
80,
And he repaired the altar of the LORD, and sacrificed thereon peace offerings a
67,bits. 
The thickness of the wall, which was for the side chamber wi
95,am had restored to Solomon, Solomon built them, and caused the children of Israel to dwell ther
73,n shall take hold of the skirt of him that is a Jew, saying, We will go w
88,and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand: 
And if Satan cast out S
72,gain to me. And the people departed. 
And king Rehoboam consulted with t
92, the hand of the wicked: he covereth the faces of the judges thereof; if not, where, and who
69,upon the land of Egypt. 
And Aaron stretched out his hand over the wa
82, mine eyes, and I washed, and do see. 
Therefore said some of the Pharisees, This 
75,it, and dwell therein. 
I spake also to Zedekiah king of Judah according to
67, soul, her husband may establish it, or her husband may make it voi
84, him can defile him: but the things which come out of him, those are they that defil
89,hast thou also brought evil upon the widow with whom I sojourn, by slaying her son? 
And 
88,of Gebal and the wise men thereof were in thee thy calkers: all the ships of the sea wit
84,him, and become another man's, shall he return unto her again? shall not that land b
93, house, she hath hewn out her seven pillars: 
She hath killed her beasts; she hath mingled he
68,o perform it. 
And the word of the LORD came unto me the second time
92,; he will not do iniquity: every morning doth he bring his judgment to light, he faileth not
75,s servants and his cattle flee into the houses: 
And he that regarded not t
96,, Hezron, and Carmi: these be the families of Reuben. 
And the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin
92,hat the LORD had delivered thee to day into mine hand in the cave: and some bade me kill the
92,he mountains of Israel, that ye may eat flesh, and drink blood. 
Ye shall eat the flesh of t
77, crown was given unto him: and he went forth conquering, and to conquer. 
And
70,o eat grass as oxen, and seven times shall pass over thee, until thou 
82,rom all your uncleannesses: and I will call for the corn, and will increase it, an
82,ward. 
Why should ye be stricken any more? ye will revolt more and more: the whole
76, and to let him go for a scapegoat into the wilderness. 
And Aaron shall bri
93,l give the fifth part unto Pharaoh, and four parts shall be your own, for seed of the field, 
77, heaven, and saying, Hew the tree down, and destroy it; yet leave the stump o
91,im before the LORD. 
And the priest shall offer the sin offering, and make an atonement for
71,at that of Abel. 
See that ye refuse not him that speaketh. For if they
96,bove every god, and shall speak marvellous things against the God of gods, and shall prosper til
81,im? Notwithstanding they hearkened not unto the voice of their father, because th
75,of Jehoiada, the son of a valiant man of Kabzeel, who had done many acts; h
93,ho is he that overcometh the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God? 
This
92,ted up, 
And upon every high tower, and upon every fenced wall, 
And upon all the ships of T
80,he said, I will hide my face from them, I will see what their end shall be: for 
74,the nations which ye passed by; 
And ye have seen their abominations, and 
87,d to give him money. And he sought how he might conveniently betray him. 
And the first
89,I not from the womb? why did I not give up the ghost when I came out of the belly? 
Why d
93,shall be turned; renew our days as of old. 
But thou hast utterly rejected us; thou art very 
89, the daughter of Saul looking out at a window saw king David dancing and playing: and she
77,re were a sword in mine hand, for now would I kill thee. 
And the ass said un
73,the words that I shall tell thee, 
And say, Hear ye the word of the LORD,
70,bedience: 
Among whom also we all had our conversation in times past i
86,the sea, nor on any tree. 
And I saw another angel ascending from the east, having the
84, among the little ones, and kill every woman that hath known man by lying with him. 
85,Saul had no child unto the day of her death. 
And it came to pass, when the king sat 
75,m the bands of thy neck, O captive daughter of Zion. 
For thus saith the LO
96,hem down into the valley of Jehoshaphat, and will plead with them there for my people and for my
70, that hate me, thou that liftest me up from the gates of death: 
That 
93,b their father revived: 
And Israel said, It is enough; Joseph my son is yet alive: I will go
79,s weak, and his speech contemptible. 
Let such an one think this, that, such as
79, thereof. 
And when the men of Ashdod saw that it was so, they said, The ark of
82,ned my wrath away from the children of Israel, while he was zealous for my sake am
73,d, I came into Gibeah that belongeth to Benjamin, I and my concubine, to 
79, a ram without blemish out of the flocks, with thy estimation by shekels of sil
85,er a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of 
84,he children of Benjamin in Jerusalem unto this day. 
And the house of Joseph, they a
84,wife is bound by the law as long as her husband liveth; but if her husband be dead, 
93, seek to please men? for if I yet pleased men, I should not be the servant of Christ. 
But I 
68,ke mention of thy righteousness, even of thine only. 
O God, thou ha
91,And he said, Appoint me thy wages, and I will give it. 
And he said unto him, Thou knowest 
85,ever; and thy memorial, O LORD, throughout all generations. 
For the LORD will judge 
83,is life shall preserve it. 
I tell you, in that night there shall be two men in one
75,, which deceiveth the whole world: he was cast out into the earth, and his 
75,ice, not that ye were made sorry, but that ye sorrowed to repentance: for y
77,th, received not the promise: 
God having provided some better thing for us, 
74,rink thy milk. 
And I will make Rabbah a stable for camels, and the Ammoni
93,I dwell: 
But thou shalt go unto my father's house, and to my kindred, and take a wife unto m
96,, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel? 
And there was war 
72,d unto him, Are we blind also? 
Jesus said unto them, If ye were blind, 
66,te and waste; and they shall know that I am the LORD: because he h
70,t him, and fear not. 
They encourage themselves in an evil matter: the
88, maketh small the drops of water: they pour down rain according to the vapour thereof: 

77,south wind. 
He rained flesh also upon them as dust, and feathered fowls like
64,her of the Gershonites shall be Eliasaph the son of Lael. 
And t
66,e found their hands. 
At thy rebuke, O God of Jacob, both the char
69,t, as the LORD sware unto them. 
For indeed the hand of the LORD was 
95,hou not heard, that the everlasting God, the LORD, the Creator of the ends of the earth, fainte
70,rn of man, and the firstborn of beast: therefore I sacrifice to the LO
79,nk wine in them; and thou hast praised the gods of silver, and gold, of brass, 
80,pass unto this day; and for our iniquities have we, our kings, and our priests, 
71,that ye use this proverb concerning the land of Israel, saying, The fat
83, bow and the sword and the battle out of the earth, and will make them to lie down 
84, LORD, and their substance unto the Lord of the whole earth. 
Now gather thyself in 
69,him, Master, I will follow thee whithersoever thou goest. 
And Jesus 
93,had made an end of speaking, that, behold, the king's sons came, and lifted up their voice an
87,e name of his wife Naomi, and the name of his two sons Mahlon and Chilion, Ephrathites 
92,God giveth thee, and shalt possess it, and shalt dwell therein, and shalt say, I will set a 
91,hom I have created from the face of the earth; both man, and beast, and the creeping thing,
95,in thee. 
Because of the house of the LORD our God I will seek thy good. 
Unto thee lift I up m
87,r, O LORD, till the people pass over, which thou hast purchased. 
Thou shalt bring them
82,of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which ought not to be done, and 
81, of every town of Galilee, and Judaea, and Jerusalem: and the power of the Lord w
79,a cry to be heard. 
For in the going up of Luhith continual weeping shall go up
88,od of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacob, appeared unto me, saying, I have surely visited y
69,e king of Babylon, and put my sword in his hand: but I will break Pha
85,o her, Neither do I condemn thee: go, and sin no more. 
Then spake Jesus again unto t
65,done the will of God, ye might receive the promise. 
For yet a li
76,he mighty. 
But none saith, Where is God my maker, who giveth songs in the n
86,the arms of the fatherless have been broken. 
Therefore snares are round about thee, a
79,minion, and do according to his will. 
And when he shall stand up, his kingdom 
86,in the morning, and thy faithfulness every night, 
Upon an instrument of ten strings, 
85,mise in Christ by the gospel: 
Whereof I was made a minister, according to the gift o
83,d his pillars, and his sockets, 
And the covering of rams' skins dyed red, and the 
86,f priests and scribes of the people together, he demanded of them where Christ should 
70, 
But unto the wicked God saith, What hast thou to do to declare my st
78,e. 
For I was ashamed to require of the king a band of soldiers and horsemen t
65,deth all high things: he is a king over all the children of pride
67,aoh, and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, Let 
84,e may come unto me: for I look for him with the brethren. 
As touching our brother A
78,chants. 
The merchants of Sheba and Raamah, they were thy merchants: they occu
66,ecious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our Savi
65,, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in D
73, light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our hearts, to give the l
85,ecute me. 
Make thy face to shine upon thy servant: save me for thy mercies' sake. 
L
91,aughter of the Amalekites, and David had abode two days in Ziklag; 
It came even to pass on
79,nto the place from whence the rivers come, thither they return again. 
All thin
71, 
And my people shall dwell in a peaceable habitation, and in sure dwel
96,re my face, for he is on my right hand, that I should not be moved: 
Therefore did my heart rejo
78,faithful and wise steward, whom his lord shall make ruler over his household, 
69,he length thereof, and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof. 
And t
92,he shield went before him. 
And when the Philistine looked about, and saw David, he disdaine
71,t the end toward the west was seventy cubits broad; and the wall of the
77, thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that came t
77, lying in wait, and as a lion in secret places. 
He hath turned aside my ways
68,the LORD hath said to me this night. And he said unto him, Say on. 

86,s of iniquity: 
Who whet their tongue like a sword, and bend their bows to shoot their
93,hen that which was sick: but I will destroy the fat and the strong; I will feed them with jud
68,ndman, and he planted a vineyard: 
And he drank of the wine, and was
66, men. 
In the law it is written, With men of other tongues and oth
96,nd this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in 
88,him: God is a refuge for us. Selah. 
Surely men of low degree are vanity, and men of hig
77, images which Manasseh his father had made, and served them; 
And humbled not
79,s, with a very great slaughter. Thus the children of Ammon were subdued before 
85,is not good; and he that hasteth with his feet sinneth. 
The foolishness of man perve
91,n land. 
But his sons shall be stirred up, and shall assemble a multitude of great forces: 
77,dan. 
The LORD thy God, he will go over before thee, and he will destroy thes
72,ould come: 
That Christ should suffer, and that he should be the first t
83,journey: and the ark of the covenant of the LORD went before them in the three days
94,and troubled the host of the Egyptians, 
And took off their chariot wheels, that they drave th
85,h gone about to profane the temple: whom we took, and would have judged according to 
87,od, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption. 
Let all bitterness, and wrath, a
67,. 
He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the
96,e; for they will not hearken unto me: for all the house of Israel are impudent and hardhearted. 
84,y shall bring unto thee, but every small matter they shall judge: so shall it be eas
94,rahmeelites, and against the south of the Kenites. 
And David saved neither man nor woman aliv
92,ts did melt, neither did there remain any more courage in any man, because of you: for the L
96,nd he blessed them that day, saying, In thee shall Israel bless, saying, God make thee as Ephrai
81, into your hand. And they went down after him, and took the fords of Jordan towar
78,s of Ishbosheth the son of Saul, went out from Mahanaim to Gibeon. 
And Joab t
74,ant of the LORD your God, which he made with you, and make you a graven im
92, thee. 
Thou shalt be blessed above all people: there shall not be male or female barren amo
95,And Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it upon both their shoulders, and went backward, 
73,mountains, neither hath lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of I
87,l preserve thy soul. 
The LORD shall preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this
75,the firstripe fruit. 
The good man is perished out of the earth: and there 
67,l of majesty. 
The voice of the LORD breaketh the cedars; yea, the 
84,he might eat the increase of the fields; and he made him to suck honey out of the ro
81,er bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full 
76,shoulder, and that which was upon it, and set it before Saul. And Samuel sai
82,ness have all we received, and grace for grace. 
For the law was given by Moses, b
84,uddenly there was a great earthquake, so that the foundations of the prison were sha
92,tablished me, and set me on the throne of David my father, and who hath made me an house, as
84,hildren of Israel, Come near before the LORD: for he hath heard your murmurings. 
An
64,e latter days ye shall consider it. 
At the same time, saith the
77,ul it be that shall not be afflicted in that same day, he shall be cut off fr
72,t in chariots, and forty thousand footmen, and killed Shophach the capta
95,that wicked one, and slew his brother. And wherefore slew he him? Because his own works were ev
74,thy God led thee these forty years in the wilderness, to humble thee, and 
82,which were upon the top of the pillars; seven for the one chapiter, and seven for 
72,all devour flesh; and that with the blood of the slain and of the captiv
76,ber his marvellous works that he hath done; his wonders, and the judgments o
93,went out with an high hand in the sight of all the Egyptians. 
For the Egyptians buried all t
79,Lord, whether he be bond or free. 
And, ye masters, do the same things unto the
80,nion: 
And after Ahithophel was Jehoiada the son of Benaiah, and Abiathar: and t
79,ield on fire? 
And Absalom answered Joab, Behold, I sent unto thee, saying, Com
64,nd beeves, 
And threescore and one thousand asses, 
And thirty a
76,the Lord GOD; In the day when I chose Israel, and lifted up mine hand unto t
85,umcision. 
And the other Jews dissembled likewise with him; insomuch that Barnabas al
67,easure in the heavens that faileth not, where no thief approacheth,
94, for a sin offering; and the priest shall make an atonement for him concerning his sin. 
And i
91, their tents, and all the substance that was in their possession, in the midst of all Israe
87, I their song, yea, I am their byword. 
They abhor me, they flee far from me, and spare
74,me in, and sat in the middle gate, even Nergalsharezer, Samgarnebo, Sarsec
93,as the west quarter. 
And the south quarter was from the end of Kirjathjearim, and the border
65,is princes; and he shall be strong above him, and have dominion; 
87,were gathered together unto Shushan the palace, to the custody of Hegai, that Esther wa
79,ght against the Philistines: and David waxed faint. 
And Ishbibenob, which was 
72,s of the LORD: 
And they shall wander from sea to sea, and from the nort
94,u seest to the house of Israel. 
And behold a wall on the outside of the house round about, an
86,again, and saith unto them, Behold, I bring him forth to you, that ye may know that I 
89,rite before them, whose height was like the height of the cedars, and he was strong as th
76,at hath life, and fowl that may fly above the earth in the open firmament of
76,it of Christ, he is none of his. 
And if Christ be in you, the body is dead 
64,s and wanton eyes, walking and mincing as they go, and making a 
81, in the Holy Ghost, 
That I have great heaviness and continual sorrow in my heart
95,e hath remembered his covenant for ever, the word which he commanded to a thousand generations.
66,Taphath the daughter of Solomon to wife: 
Baana the son of Ahilud;
96,he three and twentieth year of Nebuchadrezzar Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away 
84,ake the desolate cities to be inhabited. 
Fear not; for thou shalt not be ashamed: n
69,length thereof was an hundred cubits, and the breadth thereof fifty c
96, leprosy. 
When the plague of leprosy is in a man, then he shall be brought unto the priest; 
An
94,en of Gad dwelt over against them, in the land of Bashan unto Salcah: 
Joel the chief, and Sha
75,ow, O Joshua the high priest, thou, and thy fellows that sit before thee: f
73,asts in the field; ye shall cast it to the dogs. 
Thou shalt not raise a 
91,t Eber: 
And Salah lived after he begat Eber four hundred and three years, and begat sons a
81,ethlehem, where David was? 
So there was a division among the people because of h
79, away fasting, lest they faint in the way. 
And his disciples say unto him, Whe
83, be with thy spirit. Grace be with you. Amen. 
Paul, a servant of God, and an apost
89,nd, and to his people. 
And Moses came and spake all the words of this song in the ears o
73,nto everlasting habitations. 
He that is faithful in that which is least 
80,ngth whereof was according to the breadth of the house, twenty cubits, and the b
80,them; but they will not answer thee. 
But thou shalt say unto them, This is a na
88,ld that Uriah's wife bare unto David, and it was very sick. 
David therefore besought Go
90,n man, and upon beast, and upon every herb of the field, throughout the land of Egypt. 
An
74, communicated unto them that gospel which I preach among the Gentiles, but
92,: 
And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great; a
88,t, As it happeneth to the fool, so it happeneth even to me; and why was I then more wise
85,nes went after them unto the border of Bethshemesh. 
And they of Bethshemesh were rea
92,ard; two wings of every one were joined one to another, and two covered their bodies. 
And t
73,alak heard that Balaam was come, he went out to meet him unto a city of M
88,eir ornaments by the mount Horeb. 
And Moses took the tabernacle, and pitched it without
70,tes: 
The king of Jericho, one; the king of Ai, which is beside Bethel
83,e by fire unto the LORD: 
So they shall wash their hands and their feet, that they 
95,nothing to be refused, if it be received with thanksgiving: 
For it is sanctified by the word o
74,s unto the sea, and loosed the rudder bands, and hoised up the mainsail to
81,igh priest, and did eat the shewbread, which is not lawful to eat but for the pri
74,it, and the Spirit against the flesh: and these are contrary the one to th
73,sight to sit upon the throne of Israel; yet so that thy children take hee
78, reign for ever and ever. 
For the horse of Pharaoh went in with his chariots 
73,nto you. 
And we have sent with him the brother, whose praise is in the g
95, I will send them, and they shall rise, and go through the land, and describe it according to t
95, be made whole? 
The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled,
90,n he shall wash all his flesh in water, and be unclean until the even. 
And every garment,
87, ascribe righteousness to my Maker. 
For truly my words shall not be false: he that is 
76, was, and her two daughters in law with her; and they went on the way to ret
71,nce of them that sit at meat with thee. 
For whosoever exalteth himself
87,men that dwelt in Jerusalem? 
I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all like
69,eated man, in the likeness of God made he him; 
Male and female creat
66,Egypt unto Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, and captain of the g
83,of them unto the nations, to Tarshish, Pul, and Lud, that draw the bow, to Tubal, a
72,d supplications with strong crying and tears unto him that was able to s
67,n; he shall mightily roar upon his habitation; he shall give a shou
96,m Seir unto them; he shined forth from mount Paran, and he came with ten thousands of saints: fr
77,t the spices thereof may flow out. Let my beloved come into his garden, and e
74,t a message after him, saying, We will not have this man to reign over us.
65,lars of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold, and their hooks
87,s house. 
And if the son of peace be there, your peace shall rest upon it: if not, it s
92,be rewarded, saith the LORD; and they shall come again from the land of the enemy. 
And ther
79, for he was before me. 
And of his fulness have all we received, and grace for 
64,ught me to the north gate, and measured it according to these me
81,l his labour. 
Let there be none to extend mercy unto him: neither let there be a
92,h said unto Samson, Behold, thou hast mocked me, and told me lies: now tell me, I pray thee,
81,ighty man of Ephraim, slew Maaseiah the king's son, and Azrikam the governor of t
79,at is thy faithfulness. 
The LORD is my portion, saith my soul; therefore will 
67,ding to the kindness that I have done unto thee, thou shalt do unto
92, and said unto them, Why do ye also transgress the commandment of God by your tradition? 
Fo
64,be so; his lies shall not so effect it. 
Therefore will I howl f
87,ven nations in the land of Chanaan, he divided their land to them by lot. 
And after th
70,
And it came to pass, when Israel had made an end of slaying all the i
76,dy and in spirit: but she that is married careth for the things of the world
88, beseech you, brethren, mark them which cause divisions and offences contrary to the doc
86,either fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of them
73,ishment thereof; because they have ripped up the women with child of Gile
92,ing work. 
And he hath put in his heart that he may teach, both he, and Aholiab, the son of 
65,hold, there came up out of the river seven kine, fatfleshed and w
82,ght hand, upon the son of man whom thou madest strong for thyself. 
So will not we
96,ve he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur
87, him, Thy blood be upon thy head; for thy mouth hath testified against thee, saying, I 
75,e LORD hath said of the sons of David. 
This is the thing that ye shall do;
95,e order of the king. 
Of Jeduthun: the sons of Jeduthun; Gedaliah, and Zeri, and Jeshaiah, Hash
67,bosom, and toward her son, and toward her daughter, 
And toward her
85, sickness by disease of thy bowels, until thy bowels fall out by reason of the sickne
87,o battle was twenty and six thousand men. 
Now Benjamin begat Bela his firstborn, Ashbe
65,ere is none that doeth good, no, not one. 
Their throat is an ope
78,stranger which flattereth with her words; 
Which forsaketh the guide of her yo
73,my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, among whom I dwell: 
But thou 
89,t in me, saith the LORD. 
The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD, after that Nebuza
81,uted? and I will not give my glory unto another. 
Hearken unto me, O Jacob and Is
79, stirred in him, when he saw the city wholly given to idolatry. 
Therefore disp
88, shall the LORD do unto all the kingdoms whither thou passest. 
Ye shall not fear them: 
70, 
And when Samuel had caused all the tribes of Israel to come near, th
95,r fathers had the tabernacle of witness in the wilderness, as he had appointed, speaking unto M
84,but leaves; for the time of figs was not yet. 
And Jesus answered and said unto it, 
81,ssions of Israel upon him I will also visit the altars of Bethel: and the horns o
87,D for his sin which he hath done: and the sin which he hath done shall be forgiven him.
74,, to do justice and judgment; that the LORD may bring upon Abraham that wh
71,fe; and she bare him Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar. 
And the s
89,sons and brethren of Hosah were thirteen. 
Among these were the divisions of the porters,
71,aw the prosperity of the wicked. 
For there are no bands in their death
88,ark, sacrificed sheep and oxen, which could not be told nor numbered for multitude. 
And
69,em, and I will praise the LORD: 
This gate of the LORD, into which th
89, ever I did: is not this the Christ? 
Then they went out of the city, and came unto him. 
94,y of them: for they said, Lest the earth swallow us up also. 
And there came out a fire from t
92,ndments, and their lies caused them to err, after the which their fathers have walked: 
But 
86,toward another according to Christ Jesus: 
That ye may with one mind and one mouth glo
89,es was Azmaveth the son of Adiel: and over the storehouses in the fields, in the cities, 
91,t against mount Zion. 
Stay yourselves, and wonder; cry ye out, and cry: they are drunken, 
93,e, clothed in their robes, and they sat in a void place at the entering in of the gate of Sam
72,heir daughters unto your sons, nor seek their peace or their wealth for 
77,ue proverb, The dog is turned to his own vomit again; and the sow that was wa
91,ORD, saying, 
Ah Lord GOD! behold, thou hast made the heaven and the earth by thy great pow
86, God of Israel; Behold, I will punish the king of Babylon and his land, as I have puni
84,dren, whom he raised up in their stead, them Joshua circumcised: for they were uncir
92, at Jerusalem, know all the Jews; 
Which knew me from the beginning, if they would testify, 
70,because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the hoof; he is unclean u
78,l be burnt in the fire. 
And if it be eaten at all on the third day, it is abo
80,all not descend after him. 
Though while he lived he blessed his soul: and men w
69,ightings among you? come they not hence, even of your lusts that war 
81,nd left them without the camp of Israel. 
And they burnt the city with fire, and 
86,. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
I have heard the murmurings of the children
82,ehold, the prophets say unto them, Ye shall not see the sword, neither shall ye ha
93, whoredom with Molech, from among their people. 
And the soul that turneth after such as have
66,d the fleshhooks, and the firepans: all the vessels thereof made h
88,e hand of David, and by the hand of his servants. 
And Satan stood up against Israel, an
68,: and of all that thou shalt give me I will surely give the tenth un
70,e kingdom of God shall come. 
And he took bread, and gave thanks, and 
88,ghters with thee, by a statute for ever: every one that is clean in thy house shall eat 
94,dom said unto him, Thou shalt not pass by me, lest I come out against thee with the sword. 
An
70,be lifted up; and he shall cast down many ten thousands: but he shall 
67,awgiver from between his feet, until Shiloh come; and unto him shal
72,ering of Abidan the son of Gideoni. 
On the tenth day Ahiezer the son of
86,l also ask you one thing; and answer me: 
The baptism of John, was it from heaven, or 
89,or the throne is established by righteousness. 
Righteous lips are the delight of kings; 
67,itten these words in a book at the mouth of Jeremiah, in the fourth
88,in the body; but that the members should have the same care one for another. 
And whethe
75,nt, But, behold, if we go, what shall we bring the man? for the bread is sp
68,and also to eight; for thou knowest not what evil shall be upon the 
79,and when the wicked perish, there is shouting. 
By the blessing of the upright 
95, David said unto his men, Gird ye on every man his sword. And they girded on every man his swor
79,f he come unto you, receive him;) 
And Jesus, which is called Justus, who are o
71, inn, that we opened our sacks, and, behold, every man's money was in t
95,the devils. 
And, behold, the whole city came out to meet Jesus: and when they saw him, they be
77,ur generations concerning the offerings of the LORD made by fire: every one t
71, with scarlet. 
She maketh herself coverings of tapestry; her clothing 
83,ment, than for thee. 
At that time Jesus answered and said, I thank thee, O Father,
93,s were fulfilled for him; for so are fulfilled the days of those which are embalmed: and the 
93,ons of his indignation, to destroy the whole land. 
Howl ye; for the day of the LORD is at ha
79, curse of the LORD is in the house of the wicked: but he blesseth the habitatio
74,y: 
And the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering, 
90,h the children of Israel brought up out of Egypt, buried they in Shechem, in a parcel of g
72,sied, until he came to Naioth in Ramah. 
And he stripped off his clothes
69,earken, my beloved brethren, Hath not God chosen the poor of this wor
74,Moreover take thou up a lamentation for the princes of Israel, 
And say, W
79,and the spoilers, they also trembled, and the earth quaked: so it was a very gr
89,e scribes and elders, said, 
He saved others; himself he cannot save. If he be the King o
72,and their faces were not ashamed. 
This poor man cried, and the LORD hea
76,oundation on a rock: and when the flood arose, the stream beat vehemently up
93,nd of Og king of Bashan. 
Their children also multipliedst thou as the stars of heaven, and b
96,r of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, 
75,with the beryl: his belly is as bright ivory overlaid with sapphires. 
His 
77,d from the children of Ammon, and from the Philistines, and from Amalek. 
Mor
74, against the LORD, against the Holy One of Israel. 
Therefore shall her yo
87,the consolation. 
And Judas and Silas, being prophets also themselves, exhorted the bre
92,se vessels, go, carry them into the temple that is in Jerusalem, and let the house of God be
73,the tabernacle of the congregation: and the glory of the LORD appeared un
94,l also in much: and he that is unjust in the least is unjust also in much. 
If therefore ye ha
87,now ye therefore that they which are of faith, the same are the children of Abraham. 
A
90,n people are cut off in their place. 
Take heed, regard not iniquity: for this hast thou c
83,ments, and were cast into the midst of the burning fiery furnace. 
Therefore becaus
68,and female, 
And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and m
96,n, O house of Judah, and house of Israel; so will I save you, and ye shall be a blessing: fear n
71,ll be kept for the congregation of the children of Israel for a water o
80, own bodies between themselves: 
Who changed the truth of God into a lie, and wo
66,ch, Meshach, and Abednego, fell down bound into the midst of the b
68,obebah, and the families of Aharhel the son of Harum. 
And Jabez was
95,ed his tent in the valley of Gerar, and dwelt there. 
And Isaac digged again the wells of water
81, I do always those things that please him. 
As he spake these words, many believe
88,ORD unto Jeremiah, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Go and tell
95,LORD, and the bases, and the brasen sea that was in the house of the LORD, the Chaldeans brake,
69,re full of blood. 
Wash you, make you clean; put away the evil of you
67,ree cubits the height thereof. 
And he made the horns thereof on th
87,n of Judah, and in Jerusalem. 
Then I contended with the nobles of Judah, and said unto
96,se days, saith the LORD, I will not make a full end with you. 
And it shall come to pass, when y
87,he hypocrite but for a moment? 
Though his excellency mount up to the heavens, and his 
82,me for Rebekah; because she was fair to look upon. 
And it came to pass, when he h
90,ve up the ghost, and died, and was gathered unto his people, being old and full of days: a
69, of those things. 
And Paul after this tarried there yet a good while
90,, and stay thereon: 
Therefore this iniquity shall be to you as a breach ready to fall, sw
64,ael hath spoken it. 
The burden of the valley of vision. What ai
64,and that the breastplate be not loosed from the ephod. 
And Aaro
69,oul of all that he desireth, yet God giveth him not power to eat ther
83,e year in the seventh month. 
Now these are the words of the letter that Jeremiah t
68,fathers know; that he might make thee know that man doth not live by
92,d returned to bless his house. 
Now it came to pass, as David sat in his house, that David s
87, 
And they shall not sell of it, neither exchange, nor alienate the firstfruits of the 
72,s own house, and that it should be published according to the language o
96,prepare a voluntary burnt offering or peace offerings voluntarily unto the LORD, one shall then 
82,e at Jerusalem, to proclaim liberty unto them; 
That every man should let his mans
72,e captives, and the prey, and the spoil, unto Moses, and Eleazar the pri
81,dmiel, with their brethren over against them, to praise and to give thanks, accor
95,n his laws, which he set before us by his servants the prophets. 
Yea, all Israel have transgre
72,uiltless that taketh his name in vain. 
Keep the sabbath day to sanctify
73,f Joseph, and on the crown of the head of him that was separate from his 
85,e children of Simeon according to their families: and their inheritance was within th
90, and at Mekonah, and in the villages thereof, 
And at Enrimmon, and at Zareah, and at Jarm
76,isdom. 
The fear of the wicked, it shall come upon him: but the desire of th
82,y great name? 
And the LORD said unto Joshua, Get thee up; wherefore liest thou th
83,camest forth out of the land of Egypt in haste: that thou mayest remember the day w
69,n Moses the servant of the LORD sent me from Kadeshbarnea to espy out
85,ve, saith the LORD, though Coniah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah were the signet 
76,e name of the Lord. 
And Jesus, when he had found a young ass, sat thereon; 
84,f thou deliver him, yet thou must do it again. 
Hear counsel, and receive instructio
88,with them. 
They shall go with their flocks and with their herds to seek the LORD; but t
75, the king of the land? did they not sing one to another of him in dances, s
73,n, that I may appoint over her? for who is like me? and who will appoint 
88,om trouble; thou shalt compass me about with songs of deliverance. Selah. 
I will instru
68,nd? 
But they held their peace, and answered him not a word: for the
73,unto me five talents: behold, I have gained beside them five talents more
64,ately the cock crew. 
And Peter remembered the word of Jesus, wh
84,ives: and he shall array himself with the land of Egypt, as a shepherd putteth on hi
78,ou shalt neither sow thy field, nor prune thy vineyard. 
That which groweth of
85,f the poor innocents: I have not found it by secret search, but upon all these. 
Yet 
91, as bring it to his mouth again. 
Smite a scorner, and the simple will beware: and reprove 
82,t not make clean riddance of the corners of thy field when thou reapest, neither s
83,he words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it: and, behold, the half was not to
87,he congregation before the LORD: where I will meet you, to speak there unto thee. 
And 
96,ed you, that cast you out for my name's sake, said, Let the LORD be glorified: but he shall appe
74, same time, and he sware, saying, 
Surely none of the men that came up out
77, Pharisees said, He casteth out devils through the prince of the devils. 
And
86,nd for many hunters, and they shall hunt them from every mountain, and from every hill
77, which is in thee by the putting on of my hands. 
For God hath not given us t
90,ers have known; and there shalt thou serve other gods, wood and stone. 
And thou shalt bec
75,andment of the LORD they journeyed. 
And so it was, when the cloud abode fr
90,r: and so much the more, as ye see the day approaching. 
For if we sin wilfully after that
92,took ye up? And they said, Seven. 
And he said unto them, How is it that ye do not understan
65,e LORD of hosts himself; and let him be your fear, and let him be
73,e day, the loss of children, and widowhood: they shall come upon thee in 
71,and the young man became his priest, and was in the house of Micah. 
Th
89, our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ, that we might be justified by faith. 
But afte
95,ranches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without m
93,t came upon all men to condemnation; even so by the righteousness of one the free gift came u
71,borne unto me, and these hast thou sacrificed unto them to be devoured.
96,ovenant; the word which he commanded to a thousand generations; 
Even of the covenant which he m
82,that bare the present. 
But he himself turned again from the quarries that were by
66,thou knowest the people, that they are set on mischief. 
For they 
93,ttle. 
And when David heard of it, he sent Joab, and all the host of the mighty men. 
And the
80,e ye, and let us rise up against her in battle. 
Behold, I have made thee small 
94,eth year of the reign of Asa Baasha king of Israel came up against Judah, and built Ramah, to 
88,s, Phinehas begat Abishua, 
And Abishua begat Bukki, and Bukki begat Uzzi, 
And Uzzi beg
66,hall come into the treasury of the LORD. 
So the people shouted wh
66,then I will help thee. 
Be of good courage, and let us behave ours
90,rgotten thee, neither have we dealt falsely in thy covenant. 
Our heart is not turned back
85,n to thy people for an inheritance. 
If there be in the land famine, if there be pest
76,hildren of men. 
For they intended evil against thee: they imagined a mischi
87,chosen, I have sworn unto David my servant, 
Thy seed will I establish for ever, and bu
86,shall be the peace, when the Assyrian shall come into our land: and when he shall trea
93,which is toward the north corner, he made twenty boards, 
And their forty sockets of silver; 
76,d thy gentleness hath made me great. 
Thou hast enlarged my steps under me; 
75,e son of Neriah, the son of Maaseiah, when he went with Zedekiah the king o
68,were round about Judah, so that they made no war against Jehoshaphat
64,ce of the LORD thy God. 
Blessed shalt thou be in the city, and 
93,n after his kind, 
And the owl, and the night hawk, and the cuckow, and the hawk after his ki
86,h, and Abednego, and to cast them into the burning fiery furnace. 
Then these men were
73,e with all those kings. 
There was not a city that made peace with the ch
79,em as a lamb in a large place. 
Ephraim is joined to idols: let him alone. 
The
92,efore thus saith the LORD of hosts; Because ye have not heard my words, 
Behold, I will send
77, that great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from God, 
Hav
90,use. 
This is again the second miracle that Jesus did, when he was come out of Judaea into
84,fat closed upon the blade, so that he could not draw the dagger out of his belly; an
77,e name was Oded: and he went out before the host that came to Samaria, and sa
75,ress; have mercy upon me, and hear my prayer. 
O ye sons of men, how long w
92,l say unto you, that if ye be circumcised, Christ shall profit you nothing. 
For I testify a
95,ly, that they may be sound in the faith; 
Not giving heed to Jewish fables, and commandments of
65,le unto him with his disciples also, he said unto them, Whosoever
64,pheth took a garment, and laid it upon both their shoulders, and
86,n. 
And the sons of Jonathan; Peleth, and Zaza. These were the sons of Jerahmeel. 
Now
65,; Amram, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran. 
The sons of Ezer; B
79,k in respect of want: for I have learned, in whatsoever state I am, therewith t
74,shai and Ittai, saying, Beware that none touch the young man Absalom. 
Oth
96, knoweth his own bitterness; and a stranger doth not intermeddle with his joy. 
The house of the
96,he LORD. 
And the priests went into the inner part of the house of the LORD, to cleanse it, and 
71, more joyed we for the joy of Titus, because his spirit was refreshed b
75,ORD, saying, Behold, the children of Israel have not hearkened unto me; how
77,e that hath a perverse tongue falleth into mischief. 
He that begetteth a foo
65,ut to love one another: for he that loveth another hath fulfilled
71,s written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou
91,of Cilicia and of Asia, disputing with Stephen. 
And they were not able to resist the wisdo
79,of the earth: The LORD is his name. 
Are ye not as children of the Ethiopians u
70,shape like a dove upon him, and a voice came from heaven, which said, 
65, maids, count me for a stranger: I am an alien in their sight. 
I
81,Caleb the son of Jephunneh. 
Of the tribe of Issachar, Igal the son of Joseph. 
O
69,came to pass, that when he was returned, having received the kingdom,
69,oyeth kings. 
It is not for kings, O Lemuel, it is not for kings to d
70, is man the better? 
For who knoweth what is good for man in this life
71,d the Philistines slew Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, the sons
69,when David's young men came, they spake to Nabal according to all tho
90,e and his brethren. 
Also Bakbukiah and Unni, their brethren, were over against them in th
82, godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution. 
But evil men and seducers shall 
72,ritance of the children of Reuben after their families, the cities and t
65,pon him for? 
And what nation is there so great, that hath statut
86,fathers dwelt on the other side of the flood in old time, even Terah, the father of Ab
79,herubims, so that the wing of the one touched the one wall, and the wing of the
73,this burden. 
Rejoice not thou, whole Palestina, because the rod of him t
71,n was dead, Hadad reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pa
76,abroad upon the face of all the earth. 
These are the generations of Shem: S
83,o Tebah, and Gaham, and Thahash, and Maachah. 
And Sarah was an hundred and seven a
93,d the evening and the morning were the third day. 
And God said, Let there be lights in the f
77,which is called by my name: 
But ye turned and polluted my name, and caused e
73,om my shoulder blade, and mine arm be broken from the bone. 
For destruct
79,witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are the children of them which killed the pr
85,ith corn; they go forth, and return not unto them. 
Who hath sent out the wild ass fr
86, four hundred pomegranates on the two wreaths; two rows of pomegranates on each wreath
91,of Aaron shall eat of it. It shall be a statute for ever in your generations concerning the
80,illed: and they took up of the fragments that remained twelve baskets full. 
And
65,hus saith the LORD; Behold, I will give this city into the hand o
72,, and his own received him not. 
But as many as received him, to them ga
88,bel the son of Shealtiel, and Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, with all the 
67,ostles are these; The first, Simon, who is called Peter, and Andrew
83,or the LORD hath delivered your enemies the Moabites into your hand. And they went 
75, me. 
For I have eaten ashes like bread, and mingled my drink with weeping.
80,hat is, the temple before it, was forty cubits long. 
And the cedar of the house
91,e thrice. And he went out, and wept bitterly. 
When the morning was come, all the chief pri
82,r sins. 
Yet they seek me daily, and delight to know my ways, as a nation that did
75,like all the nations; and that our king may judge us, and go out before us,
87,voice of thy salutation sounded in mine ears, the babe leaped in my womb for joy. 
And 
71,aul also went home to Gibeah; and there went with him a band of men, wh
74,, brethren, (ye know the house of Stephanas, that it is the firstfruits of
87,ll he fight with it. 
For Tophet is ordained of old; yea, for the king it is prepared; 
96,ns. 
So the king hearkened not unto the people: for the cause was of God, that the LORD might pe
68, against them. 
Wherefore they cried unto the LORD, and said, We bes
85, and I love them exceedingly. 
I have kept thy precepts and thy testimonies: for all 
84,he compass thereof beneath unto the midst of it. 
And he cast four rings for the fou
96, 
And the names of the men are these: Of the tribe of Judah, Caleb the son of Jephunneh. 
And of
72,and Jeroboam continually. 
And Rehoboam slept with his fathers, and was 
94,heart, and sought him with their whole desire; and he was found of them: and the LORD gave the
79,et it not be iniquity; yea, return again, my righteousness is in it. 
Is there 
75,l with him, to Debir; and fought against it: 
And he took it, and the king 
89,ing hither the fatted calf, and kill it; and let us eat, and be merry: 
For this my son w
79,ndled by it. 
He bowed the heavens also, and came down: and darkness was under 
87,and there shall not be an old man in thine house for ever. 
And the man of thine, whom 
90,h chosen him to be a soldier. 
And if a man also strive for masteries, yet is he not crown
77,t heard it. 
For we which have believed do enter into rest, as he said, As I 
87,re a little, and there a little: 
For with stammering lips and another tongue will he s
67,e did predestinate, them he also called: and whom he called, them h
71, go out. 
And this is the law of the meat offering: the sons of Aaron s
83,nagogues; 
And ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a te
80,et. 
Damascus is waxed feeble, and turneth herself to flee, and fear hath seized
68, delighted much in David: and Jonathan told David, saying, Saul my f
92,
These also are the generations of Aaron and Moses in the day that the LORD spake with Moses
65,o the slaughter; and I knew not that they had devised devices aga
90,that he hath a great zeal for you, and them that are in Laodicea, and them in Hierapolis. 
68,s Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau. 
And he discer
88,he offerings of the LORD made by fire, in the day when he presented them to minister unt
64, that country round about, and brought unto him all that were di
93,sand men that drew sword: and Judah was four hundred threescore and ten thousand men that dre
71,ither go from hence, but abide here fast by my maidens: 
Let thine eyes
82,s also shall dash the young men to pieces; and they shall have no pity on the frui
86,he wilderness turned back upon the pursuers. 
And when Joshua and all Israel saw that 
86, a ruinous heap. 
The cities of Aroer are forsaken: they shall be for flocks, which sh
93,st take my covenant in thy mouth? 
Seeing thou hatest instruction, and casteth my words behin
94,it, hath sent me. 
Thus saith the LORD, thy Redeemer, the Holy One of Israel; I am the LORD th
84,nto you. 
And it was so on the morrow, that Saul put the people in three companies; 
84,all men were even as I myself. But every man hath his proper gift of God, one after 
93, years are come, then I shall go the way whence I shall not return. 
My breath is corrupt, my
95, no more be called Tophet, nor the valley of the son of Hinnom, but the valley of slaughter: fo
70,t it please thee to bless the house of thy servant, that it may be bef
73,less, to avoid fornication, let every man have his own wife, and let ever
91,. 
By mercy and truth iniquity is purged: and by the fear of the LORD men depart from evil.
68,unded, and all her slain shall fall in the midst of her. 
Then the h
66, Hurt not the earth, neither the sea, nor the trees, till we have 
79,lifteth up both the bright sword and the glittering spear: and there is a multi
84,on; the kingdom shall come to the daughter of Jerusalem. 
Now why dost thou cry out 
93,that I told you of them. And these things I said not unto you at the beginning, because I was
70,ghters of Israel went yearly to lament the daughter of Jephthah the Gi
95, and the servants of David, went out, and met together by the pool of Gibeon: and they sat down
73,nd thy people, from all the people that are upon the face of the earth. 

81, and to crucify him: and the third day he shall rise again. 
Then came to him the
71,re upon them that hate me. 
It is better to trust in the LORD than to p
83,rd. 
And the little chambers of the gate eastward were three on this side, and thre
82,e numbered of them were forty and three thousand and seven hundred and thirty. 
An
93,alol; but the Canaanites dwelt among them, and became tributaries. 
Neither did Asher drive o
71,pened to us. 
And the men did so; and took two milch kine, and tied the
96,t praised the gods of silver, and gold, of brass, iron, wood, and stone, which see not, nor hear
68, heart shall meditate terror. Where is the scribe? where is the rece
92,, and approvest the things that are more excellent, being instructed out of the law; 
And ar
95,, and with mildew; and they shall pursue thee until thou perish. 
And thy heaven that is over t
78,e a league with us. 
This our bread we took hot for our provision out of our h
72,John was cast into prison, he departed into Galilee; 
And leaving Nazare
90,n the bright spot be turned white, and it be in sight deeper than the skin; it is a lepros
89,owing that Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more; death hath no more dominion o
77,is no remembrance of the wise more than of the fool for ever; seeing that whi
80,, and thy mother an Hittite. 
And as for thy nativity, in the day thou wast born
95,I would there were a sword in mine hand, for now would I kill thee. 
And the ass said unto Bala
64,and the Levites sanctified them unto the children of Aaron. 
On 
88,he breastplate of righteousness; 
And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel 
94,to err; and they that are led of them are destroyed. 
Therefore the LORD shall have no joy in 
69,ght be the firstborn among many brethren. 
Moreover whom he did prede
85,ings, and eat it; but the LORD accepteth them not; now will he remember their iniquit
69, and have taken nothing: nevertheless at thy word I will let down the
65,rmed pass on before the ark of the LORD. 
And it came to pass, wh
94,itful and full of branches by reason of many waters. 
And she had strong rods for the sceptres
70,ers of times, and unto diviners: but as for thee, the LORD thy God hat
82, the ships of Tarshish, and upon all pleasant pictures. 
And the loftiness of man 
82,ri were Mahli and Mushi: the sons of Jaaziah; Beno. 
The sons of Merari by Jaaziah
88, if the house be worthy, let your peace come upon it: but if it be not worthy, let your 
94, the prey, and at night he shall divide the spoil. 
All these are the twelve tribes of Israel:
75, the iniquity of the holy things, which the children of Israel shall hallow
64,to the magicians; but there was none that could declare it to me
67, eat bread. 
And he said, While the child was yet alive, I fasted a
84,t unto God with the voice of triumph. 
For the LORD most high is terrible; he is a g
78,use her hour is come: but as soon as she is delivered of the child, she rememb
74,o you that are rich! for ye have received your consolation. 
Woe unto you 
85,eave thee: and pestilence and blood shall pass through thee; and I will bring the swo
83,he heart of the prophets that prophesy lies? yea, they are prophets of the deceit o
84,ithstanding they hearkened not unto the voice of their father, because the LORD woul
86, mother of the young men a spoiler at noonday: I have caused him to fall upon it sudde
85, commandment: notwithstanding I have spoken unto you, rising early and speaking; but 
88, first lot. 
And they gave them the city of Arba the father of Anak, which city is Hebro
71,red. 
Of the sons of Naphtali after their families: of Jahzeel, the fam
76,D ascended in the flame of the altar. And Manoah and his wife looked on it, 
81,ur God. 
Notwithstanding the children rebelled against me: they walked not in my 
96,d him, and he was put in a coffin in Egypt. 
Now these are the names of the children of Israel, 
86,art highly favoured, the Lord is with thee: blessed art thou among women. 
And when sh
65,eigned in his stead. 
Now in the eighteenth year of king Jeroboam
93,he things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high priest, who is set on th
79,Azor; 
And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud; 
And
69, LORD, I pray thee, turn the counsel of Ahithophel into foolishness. 
88,of Ananiah by his house. 
After him repaired Binnui the son of Henadad another piece, fr
83,that hath laboured for the wind? 
All his days also he eateth in darkness, and he h
81,hey that hear shall live. 
For as the Father hath life in himself; so hath he giv
94,this man that is come up? surely to defy Israel is he come up: and it shall be, that the man w
83,shall be after me. 
And who knoweth whether he shall be a wise man or a fool? yet s
94,en, if there be no man to save us, we will come out to thee. 
Then came the messengers to Gibe
82, they which pass by the way do pluck her? 
The boar out of the wood doth waste it,
82, it. 
And Moses gave Gilead unto Machir the son of Manasseh; and he dwelt therein.
95,ultitude of many people, which make a noise like the noise of the seas; and to the rushing of n
70,nt began to make excuse. The first said unto him, I have bought a piec
92,e us: we wait for light, but behold obscurity; for brightness, but we walk in darkness. 
We 
93,t shall shut up him that hath the plague seven days: 
And the priest shall look on him the se
80,ly Og king of Bashan remained of the remnant of giants; behold his bedstead was 
80, wild beasts of the desert with the wild beasts of the islands shall dwell there
94,th two hundred and fifty, and toward the east two hundred and fifty, and toward the west two h
81,the sister of his own wife, the sister of Tahpenes the queen. 
And the sister of 
76,hildren, yet will I bereave them, that there shall not be a man left: yea, w
95,e LORD is upon all nations, and his fury upon all their armies: he hath utterly destroyed them,
70,im shall receive remission of sins. 
While Peter yet spake these words
93,ne, and his teeth white with milk. 
Zebulun shall dwell at the haven of the sea; and he shall
73,ple Israel be as the sand of the sea, yet a remnant of them shall return:
66,e mountains and the hills shall break forth before you into singin
92,d anger, and clamour, and evil speaking, be put away from you, with all malice: 
And be ye k
87, my holy mountain Jerusalem, saith the LORD, as the children of Israel bring an offerin
83, a great multitude, and as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of mighty thu
87,at your own will a male without blemish, of the beeves, of the sheep, or of the goats. 
87, their shame that say, Aha, aha. 
Let all those that seek thee rejoice and be glad in t
73,service of the house of the LORD. 
And, behold, the courses of the priest
71, thyself in height, and he hath shot up his top among the thick boughs,
65,were present with him bowed themselves, and worshipped. 
Moreover
72,prophet. 
And they answered Jesus, and said, We cannot tell. And he said
89,rthermore, when I came to Troas to preach Christ's gospel, and a door was opened unto me 
84,g, What manner of child shall this be! And the hand of the Lord was with him. 
And h
77,hall be defiled withal, and it be hid from him; when he knoweth of it, then h
78,ongregation, and took a javelin in his hand; 
And he went after the man of Isr
82, wicked cometh, then cometh also contempt, and with ignominy reproach. 
The words 
65,on. And it came to pass, as the ark of God came to Ekron, that th
77,them that work iniquity. 
Now the Egyptians are men, and not God; and their h
69,nd Canneh, and Eden, the merchants of Sheba, Asshur, and Chilmad, wer
85,haldeans, The thing is gone from me: if ye will not make known unto me the dream, wit
95,f Darius king of Persia. 
And in the reign of Ahasuerus, in the beginning of his reign, wrote t
68,tonement for the altar, and sanctify it; and it shall be an altar mo
94,weth and he that reapeth may rejoice together. 
And herein is that saying true, One soweth, an
89,r therein unto the LORD: thou shalt grant it me for the full price: that the plague may b
64, arose, and went down to the wilderness of Ziph, having three th
72, him, and the hills melt, and the earth is burned at his presence, yea, 
76,hich Amasa was a man's son, whose name was Ithra an Israelite, that went in 
90,cut in sunder the bars of iron: 
And I will give thee the treasures of darkness, and hidde
83,hich compassed him in, and the captains of the chariots. 
So the Edomites revolted 
88,sinners also lend to sinners, to receive as much again. 
But love ye your enemies, and d
78,at make merry. 
Thou shalt yet plant vines upon the mountains of Samaria: the 
83,ds upon thee, and shall bind thee with them, and thou shalt not go out among them: 
93,d thy servant dwell in the royal city with thee? 
Then Achish gave him Ziklag that day: where
73,rned the edge of his sword, and hast not made him to stand in the battle.
65,ael turneth their backs before their enemies! 
For the Canaanites
87,asures thereof, if thou knowest? or who hath stretched the line upon it? 
Whereupon are
73,nd followed him, glorifying God: and all the people, when they saw it, ga
82,that beateth the air: 
But I keep under my body, and bring it into subjection: les
68,the tumult, and them that wept and wailed greatly. 
And when he was 
72,Joseph gathered corn as the sand of the sea, very much, until he left nu
68,im, and cause every man to find according to his ways. 
Yea, surely 
74,ore shall the Lord, the Lord of hosts, send among his fat ones leanness; a
76, took an harp, and played with his hand: so Saul was refreshed, and was well
75, night through the plain, and passed over Jordan, and went through all Bith
72,e vessels of the LORD's house, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took 
93, shall die of grievous deaths; they shall not be lamented; neither shall they be buried; but 
76,choose you a man for you, and let him come down to me. 
If he be able to fig
64, portion in this life, and in thy labour which thou takest under
74,
And four great beasts came up from the sea, diverse one from another. 
Th
71,d in Jerusalem over all Israel was forty years. 
And Solomon slept with
69,s; every man according to his eating shall make your count for the la
72,u that believe: 
As ye know how we exhorted and comforted and charged ev
84,le of the land; for they are bread for us: their defence is departed from them, and 
82,ies of Judah, and brake the images in pieces, and cut down the groves, and threw d
66,eace with me; and he shall make peace with me. 
He shall cause the
90,and lanes of the city, and bring in hither the poor, and the maimed, and the halt, and the
69,alleth on men, 
Fear came upon me, and trembling, which made all my b
82, them: 
And thou shalt not go aside from any of the words which I command thee thi
69,le, that the heaven was black with clouds and wind, and there was a g
75,er than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire. 
Take heed that ye despi
94, of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book. 
He wh
93,se and against this city all the words that ye have heard. 
Therefore now amend your ways and
82,t. 
Let them be as chaff before the wind: and let the angel of the LORD chase them
79,and of Jabin king of Canaan, that reigned in Hazor; the captain of whose host w
67,thee shall be ashamed, and they that depart from me shall be writte
69,. 
With her much fair speech she caused him to yield, with the flatte
79,wman plow all day to sow? doth he open and break the clods of his ground? 
When
84,ht in the eyes of the LORD his God: 
For he took away the altars of the strange gods
67,n's son was Rehoboam, Abia his son, Asa his son, Jehoshaphat his so
89,n may know his work. 
Then the beasts go into dens, and remain in their places. 
Out of t
93, the guard, an Egyptian, bought him of the hands of the Ishmeelites, which had brought him do
71,e father of Gilead. 
And after that Hezron was dead in Calebephratah, t
82,vered from the pots. 
Thou calledst in trouble, and I delivered thee; I answered t
78,t things are laid waste. 
Wilt thou refrain thyself for these things, O LORD? 
81,ll me, what shall thy wages be? 
And Laban had two daughters: the name of the eld
96,nd it shall be, that whosoever shall go out of the doors of thy house into the street, his blood
94, for a spoil, and none saith, Restore. 
Who among you will give ear to this? who will hearken 
85,oo little, I would moreover have given unto thee such and such things. 
Wherefore has
84,the LORD. 
And the priests went into the inner part of the house of the LORD, to cle
72, with men, as with caterpillers; and they shall lift up a shout against 
83,, Run. Then Ahimaaz ran by the way of the plain, and overran Cushi. 
And David sat 
92, he that formed the eye, shall he not see? 
He that chastiseth the heathen, shall not he cor
85,he magicians of Egypt, they also did in like manner with their enchantments. 
For the
96,e blood of the sons of Jehoiada the priest, and slew him on his bed, and he died: and they burie
82,in the one side of it, and two rings in the other side of it. 
And thou shalt make
91,e, to separate themselves unto the LORD: 
He shall separate himself from wine and strong dr
70,hundred. 
And of Asher, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, f
75,ame with the prayers of the saints, ascended up before God out of the angel
86,shall come to pass, that when the virgin cometh forth to draw water, and I say to her,
74,n the tent of the congregation and the altar, and put water there, to wash
79,th to Hezir, the eighteenth to Aphses, 
The nineteenth to Pethahiah, the twenti
81,. 
This thou hast seen, O LORD: keep not silence: O Lord, be not far from me. 
St
95,ree of life; and he that winneth souls is wise. 
Behold, the righteous shall be recompensed in 
89, drew a sword, and smote a servant of the high priest, and cut off his ear. 
And Jesus an
68, atonement in the holy place, until he come out, and have made an at
72,the wicked: the LORD hath his way in the whirlwind and in the storm, and
74,for God? and talk deceitfully for him? 
Will ye accept his person? will ye
84,And these are they which ye shall have in abomination among the fowls; they shall no
81,t a foolish man spendeth it up. 
He that followeth after righteousness and mercy 
84,hy kingdom shall be sure unto thee, after that thou shalt have known that the heaven
71,h their wiles, wherewith they have beguiled you in the matter of Peor, 
77,ye give unto the LORD. 
Also in the fifteenth day of the seventh month, when 
77,ee: the lintel and side posts were a fifth part of the wall. 
The two doors a
95, and then shall they fast. 
No man putteth a piece of new cloth unto an old garment, for that w
79,nant: 
Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheri
69,em, but shalt neither drink of the wine, nor gather the grapes; for t
75,of Moab; the howling thereof unto Eglaim, and the howling thereof unto Beer
74, they shall not stumble: for I am a father to Israel, and Ephraim is my fi
88,e: thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God: 
Where thou diest, will I die, and
91,hich may judge all the people that are beyond the river, all such as know the laws of thy G
66,
And Joab blew the trumpet, and the people returned from pursuing 
79,rlasting covenant with you, even the sure mercies of David. 
Behold, I have giv
67,es, and wounded him in the head, and sent him away shamefully handl
71,the likeness of the firmament upon the heads of the living creature was
80,er over fire; and cried with a loud cry to him that had the sharp sickle, saying
83,ough the earth: and he said, Get you hence, walk to and fro through the earth. So t
71,s. And the land had rest from war. 
This then was the lot of the tribe 
95,ency: so will I compass thine altar, O LORD: 
That I may publish with the voice of thanksgiving
87,And the disciples did as Jesus had appointed them; and they made ready the passover. 
N
83, is given us for inheritance. 
Wherefore say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Ye
67,teous shall be in everlasting remembrance. 
He shall not be afraid 
65,reat, and are driven of fierce winds, yet are they turned about w
73,soldier, and to the church in thy house: 
Grace to you, and peace, from G
86,d, the family of the Arodites: of Areli, the family of the Arelites. 
These are the fa
77, with our father, and one is not. 
And Joseph said unto them, That is it that
89,lucked up by the roots; 
Raging waves of the sea, foaming out their own shame; wandering 
80,o have respect of persons is not good: for for a piece of bread that man will tr
85,y: for he it is that shall tread down our enemies. 
Hold not thy peace, O God of my p
69, 
And thou shalt make a mercy seat of pure gold: two cubits and a hal
66,im for evermore, and my covenant shall stand fast with him. 
His s
87, flesh made by hands; 
That at that time ye were without Christ, being aliens from the 
73,, I will serve thee seven years for Rachel thy younger daughter. 
And Lab
86, do it again. 
Hear counsel, and receive instruction, that thou mayest be wise in thy 
77,in; it is a leprosy broken out of the burning: wherefore the priest shall pro
68,ves instruments of musick, like David; 
That drink wine in bowls, an
79,n the end of his field; for as much money as it is worth he shall give it me fo
85,ength among the people. 
Thou hast with thine arm redeemed thy people, the sons of Ja
81,nd his wheels as burning fire. 
A fiery stream issued and came forth from before 
91,s pit and a great chain in his hand. 
And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, whi
93,
When I remember these things, I pour out my soul in me: for I had gone with the multitude, I
85,o meet him. 
And his father in law, the damsel's father, retained him; and he abode w
80,ocks of thy sheep. 
Blessed shall be thy basket and thy store. 
Blessed shalt th
88, here are two swords. And he said unto them, It is enough. 
And he came out, and went, a
85,en, and gave them unto the Levites. 
Two wagons and four oxen he gave unto the sons o
64, things, the work of an imperious whorish woman; 
In that thou b
79,ount Seir, whom thou wouldest not let Israel invade, when they came out of the 
75,s passed on by hundreds, and by thousands: but David and his men passed on 
80, to walk in all his ways, and to cleave unto him; 
Then will the LORD drive out 
95,ion them which are my flesh, and might save some of them. 
For if the casting away of them be t
74,and God doeth it, that men should fear before him. 
That which hath been i
91,aying, The LORD hath blessed the house of Obededom, and all that pertaineth unto him, becau
69,tion of the holy portion: it shall be for the whole house of Israel. 
69,od, saying, Shall I go up against the Philistines? And wilt thou deli
73,you for your cattle, if money fail. 
And they brought their cattle unto J
90,king of Hamath heard that David had smitten all the host of Hadadezer, 
Then Toi sent Jora
68, children of Israel wept for Moses in the plains of Moab thirty days
87,ed in the book of the kings of Israel. 
And after this did Jehoshaphat king of Judah jo
81,of the LORD is at hand, and as a destruction from the Almighty shall it come. 
Is
87,David, and to his seed for evermore. 
Now these be the last words of David. David the s
74,e sending forth of oxen, and for the treading of lesser cattle. 
Moreover 
90,throne be guiltless. 
And the king said, Whoever saith ought unto thee, bring him to me, a
73,here among you of all his people? The LORD his God be with him, and let h
80,e and myrrh. 
And being warned of God in a dream that they should not return to 
66, whom it is prepared. 
And when the ten heard it, they began to be
83,that did offer an offering of silver and brass brought the LORD's offering: and eve
77, of it: according to all the ordinances of the passover they shall keep it. 

64, against Daniel concerning the kingdom; but they could find none
91,wn them that dwell on high; the lofty city, he layeth it low; he layeth it low, even to the
67, a sucking lamb, and offered it for a burnt offering wholly unto th
67,, I will now put forth a riddle unto you: if ye can certainly decla
71,merchant. 
Strength and honour are her clothing; and she shall rejoice 
74, works, he hath whereof to glory; but not before God. 
For what saith the 
90,ars, even the selfsame day it came to pass, that all the hosts of the LORD went out from t
77,ham believed God, and it was imputed unto him for righteousness: and he was c
93,them, and wounded them, that they could not arise: yea, they are fallen under my feet. 
For t
68,he house of David and the glory of the inhabitants of Jerusalem do n
77,bigail, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, which sent thee this day to meet m
88,smayed. 
And Moses wrote this law, and delivered it unto the priests the sons of Levi, w
67,ty, whose merchants are princes, whose traffickers are the honourab
70,roweth the wicked for their wickedness. 
Whoso stoppeth his ears at th
65,at Hazeroth. 
And they departed from Hazeroth, and pitched in Rit
65,m on the sabbath day: and I testified against them in the day whe
65,r he will finish the work, and cut it short in righteousness: bec
70,unto this day; but have gone from tent to tent, and from one tabernacl
94,come to him out of every city, he spake by a parable: 
A sower went out to sow his seed: and a
64,ng of one accord, of one mind. 
Let nothing be done through stri
77, which sent me. 
These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with 
95, the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot: 
And the priest shall t
66, Abishai the son of Zeruiah unto the king, Why should this dead do
85,the LORD unto me; This gate shall be shut, it shall not be opened, and no man shall e
94,eeing that thou our God hast punished us less than our iniquities deserve, and hast given us s
81,nd if it seem evil unto you to serve the LORD, choose you this day whom ye will s
68,ep sleep falleth on men, 
Fear came upon me, and trembling, which ma
68, fenced it, and gathered out the stones thereof, and planted it with
64,o the hold, and set the hold on fire upon them; so that all the 
93,es and thy lovingkindnesses; for they have been ever of old. 
Remember not the sins of my you
93,th you as with sons; for what son is he whom the father chasteneth not? 
But if ye be without
66, of Jesse? there be many servants now a days that break away every
88,saying, The fifteenth day of this seventh month shall be the feast of tabernacles for se
64,ght be fulfilled, which he spake, Of them which thou gavest me h
77,in Etham, in the edge of the wilderness. 
And the LORD went before them by da
83,behold a great image. This great image, whose brightness was excellent, stood befor
72,th to others. 
Their inward thought is, that their houses shall continue
96, with sackcloth, and horror shall cover them; and shame shall be upon all faces, and baldness up
91,r squares thereof; and the border about it shall be half a cubit; and the bottom thereof sh
70,nd of Asaph the seer. And they sang praises with gladness, and they bo
75,al that thy father hath, and cut down the grove that is by it: 
And build a
66,nd of Canaan. 
And Laban went to shear his sheep: and Rachel had s
96,ore. 
Should it be according to thy mind? he will recompense it, whether thou refuse, or whether
84,hall be said, This and that man was born in her: and the highest himself shall estab
80,and unjust man. 
For thou art the God of my strength: why dost thou cast me off?
95,d there was not one feeble person among their tribes. 
Egypt was glad when they departed: for t
75,
And thou, son of man, prophesy and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning
73,f Egypt: your young men have I slain with the sword, and have taken away 
70,to us whatsoever seemeth good unto thee; deliver us only, we pray thee
81,oses and unto Aaron, saying, 
How long shall I bear with this evil congregation, 
70,ing, Go and draw toward mount Tabor, and take with thee ten thousand m
75,of the seven years, which were in the land of Egypt, and laid up the food i
86,ook of the covenant, and read in the audience of the people: and they said, All that t
88,; thou must be brought before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail wi
93,us kindness in a strong city. 
For I said in my haste, I am cut off from before thine eyes: n
70,was like the appearance of brass, with a line of flax in his hand, and
82,the city shall the dogs eat; and him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of th
85,: 
And before him shall be gathered all nations: and he shall separate them one from 
76, Levites redeem at any time. 
And if a man purchase of the Levites, then the
78,ew the kindness of God unto him? And Ziba said unto the king, Jonathan hath ye
86, morning: great is thy faithfulness. 
The LORD is my portion, saith my soul; therefore
71,tter is found in me? 
Be ye afraid of the sword: for wrath bringeth the
74,s thereof: for thou wast slain, and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood o
94,is evident: for, The just shall live by faith. 
And the law is not of faith: but, The man that
84,y soul be avenged on such a nation as this? 
A wonderful and horrible thing is commi
95, soon as thou art departed from me, a lion shall slay thee. And as soon as he was departed from
81,h; none was exempted: and they took away the stones of Ramah, and the timber ther
71,ther of Nathan, Mibhar the son of Haggeri, 
Zelek the Ammonite, Naharai
80,y mother's bowels: my praise shall be continually of thee. 
I am as a wonder unt
82,out the space of half an hour. 
And I saw the seven angels which stood before God;
90,k it is written of me,) to do thy will, O God. 
Above when he said, Sacrifice and offering
82,ver the sides of the tabernacle on this side and on that side, to cover it. 
And t
92,the LORD your God, as ye have done unto this day. 
For the LORD hath driven out from before 
89, accused of the Jews: 
Especially because I know thee to be expert in all customs and que
75,feasts: but they regard not the work of the LORD, neither consider the oper
64,l, and Dara: five of them in all. 
And the sons of Carmi; Achar,
78,is life shall lose it; but whosoever shall lose his life for my sake and the g
94,sons of Zophah; Suah, and Harnepher, and Shual, and Beri, and Imrah, 
Bezer, and Hod, and Sham
81,ildren of the Kohathites, and of the children of the Korhites, stood up to praise
67,of Nineve shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and s
72,ter against her mother, and the daughter in law against her mother in la
96,owed themselves to him to the earth. 
And he asked them of their welfare, and said, Is your fath
72,his world, and it is certain we can carry nothing out. 
And having food 
91,have sinned, and have done perversely, we have committed wickedness; 
And so return unto th
66,l pursue, I will overtake, I will divide the spoil; my lust shall 
68,south side to Maalehacrabbim, and passed along to Zin, and ascended 
64,ying, I know not, neither understand I what thou sayest. And he 
66,h, and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem. 
Thus saith the L
88,th: but his lies shall not be so. 
Therefore shall Moab howl for Moab, every one shall h
64,gold; 
Beside that which chapmen and merchants brought. And all 
92,ecause of the evil of your doings, and because of the abominations which ye have committed; 
96,n of ten shekels, full of incense: 
One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for 
69, raised up the Lord Jesus shall raise up us also by Jesus, and shall 
96,rom the land of their captivity; and Jacob shall return, and be in rest and at ease, and none sh
86,n chains they shall come over, and they shall fall down unto thee, they shall make sup
90,eth it of him. 
An ungodly man diggeth up evil: and in his lips there is as a burning fire
67,. 
And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God w
82,; they committed whoredoms in their youth: there were their breasts pressed, and t
93,spake on earth, much more shall not we escape, if we turn away from him that speaketh from he
64,h the Lord GOD. 
The word of the LORD came again to me, saying, 
87,ll no more have mercy upon the house of Israel; but I will utterly take them away. 
But
86, and he shot out lightnings, and discomfited them. 
Then the channels of waters were s
86,hy seed also had been as the sand, and the offspring of thy bowels like the gravel the
79,ndments. 
He that saith, I know him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a lia
77,r the archers against Babylon: all ye that bend the bow, camp against it roun
76,e LORD. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Go unto the people, and sanctify them
78,all tempest lay on us, all hope that we should be saved was then taken away. 

81,ants upon the earth. 
He that diggeth a pit shall fall into it; and whoso breaket
70, to save all the meek of the earth. Selah. 
Surely the wrath of man sh
71,d pitched, and not man. 
For every high priest is ordained to offer gif
81,is like wax; it is melted in the midst of my bowels. 
My strength is dried up lik
88,t of Egypt, from Arnon even unto Jabbok, and unto Jordan: now therefore restore those la
87,fore him: and none can keep alive his own soul. 
A seed shall serve him; it shall be ac
93, times. 
And it came to pass at the seventh time, that he said, Behold, there ariseth a littl
82, and went to her own country, she and her servants. 
Now the weight of gold that c
77,n his house at Ramah. And David arose, and went down to the wilderness of Par
94,whither I may, return thou, and take back thy brethren: mercy and truth be with thee. 
And Itt
91,give unto her the cup of the wine of the fierceness of his wrath. 
And every island fled aw
85, bows, and could use both the right hand and the left in hurling stones and shooting 
92,at they might take hold of his words, that so they might deliver him unto the power and auth
87,attle should die there? 
And wherefore have ye made us to come up out of Egypt, to brin
72, the living bird, he shall take it, and the cedar wood, and the scarlet,
83,o you, I shall come in the fulness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ. 
Now I 
85,the LORD hath spoken of David, saying, By the hand of my servant David I will save my
73,ears. 
And Abdon the son of Hillel the Pirathonite died, and was buried i
82,aelites were troubled. 
And Saul's son had two men that were captains of bands: th
89, and like a rolling thing before the whirlwind. 
And behold at eveningtide trouble; and b
76,ris, Nergalsharezer, Rabmag, with all the residue of the princes of the king
79, have seen me, and believe not. 
All that the Father giveth me shall come to me
95,went to Ziph before Saul: but David and his men were in the wilderness of Maon, in the plain on
96, in Jerusalem eight years, and departed without being desired. Howbeit they buried him in the ci
68,rethren, and my father's house, which were in the land of Canaan, ar
72,n at all of the king's cost? or hath he given us any gift? 
And the men 
77,, and the scribes, and the elders of the people, unto the palace of the high 
70,n chief of the fathers, after the house of their fathers, and all of t
91,ce. 
We took sweet counsel together, and walked unto the house of God in company. 
Let deat
77,sons of Ethan; Azariah. 
The sons also of Hezron, that were born unto him; Je
95,d strive with Isaac's herdmen, saying, The water is ours: and he called the name of the well Es
90, I break down, and that which I have planted I will pluck up, even this whole land. 
And s
86,d a ransom for him: 
(For the redemption of their soul is precious, and it ceaseth for
77,ell him his fault between thee and him alone: if he shall hear thee, thou has
88,greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth childre
77, the miry places thereof and the marishes thereof shall not be healed; they s
82,e house of Israel. 
Then came she and worshipped him, saying, Lord, help me. 
But 
70,e, a little water of thy pitcher to drink; 
And she say to me, Both dr
88,f milk that they shall give he shall eat butter: for butter and honey shall every one ea
