1000
72,e, and peace offerings. And he offered the burnt offering. 
And it came 
102,all while the testator liveth. 
Whereupon neither the first testament was dedicated without blood. 
Fo
89,nts came and brought other five talents, saying, Lord, thou deliveredst unto me five tale
80,ay, and I was not sick; they have beaten me, and I felt it not: when shall I awa
79,the days of their purifications accomplished, to wit, six months with oil of my
99, from his evil way, but made again of the lowest of the people priests of the high places: whosoeve
84,lled all the day long; we are accounted as sheep for the slaughter. 
Nay, in all the
79,were gone out of the city, and not yet far off, Joseph said unto his steward, U
85, priests shall boil the trespass offering and the sin offering, where they shall bake
87,law for all manner of plague of leprosy, and scall, 
And for the leprosy of a garment, 
105,blations of the LORD, and the most holy things. 
And next him were Eden, and Miniamin, and Jeshua, and Sh
85,to the camp. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Take the sum of the prey that w
101,and, behold, I am gathering two sticks, that I may go in and dress it for me and my son, that we may 
84,eceiveth him that sent me. 
He that receiveth a prophet in the name of a prophet sha
100, unto them, Go again, buy us a little food. 
And Judah spake unto him, saying, The man did solemnly 
84,all eat the flesh of the mighty, and drink the blood of the princes of the earth, of
106,sat beside the reapers: and he reached her parched corn, and she did eat, and was sufficed, and left. 
And
79,espised me, and hast taken the wife of Uriah the Hittite to be thy wife. 
Thus 
76,nagogue, Jairus by name; and when he saw him, he fell at his feet, 
And beso
81,, he was received up into heaven, and sat on the right hand of God. 
And they wen
90,a man in the land of Uz, whose name was Job; and that man was perfect and upright, and one
106,e same day shall the Lord shave with a razor that is hired, namely, by them beyond the river, by the king 
98,nts of Zidon, that pass over the sea, have replenished. 
And by great waters the seed of Sihor, th
107,arches thereof were toward the outward court; and palm trees were upon the posts thereof, on this side, and
100,day, when they were come down from the hill, much people met him. 
And, behold, a man of the company
92,r, I pray thee, come forth, and be with you, till I know what God will do for me. 
And he br
108,umber and by weight of every one: and all the weight was written at that time. 
Also the children of those t
72,ssed be he that blesseth thee. 
And it came to pass, as soon as Isaac ha
90,reat, and thou art come to excellent ornaments: thy breasts are fashioned, and thine hair 
98, risen up against me, and oppressors seek after my soul: they have not set God before them. Selah.
96,d shook, because he was wroth. 
There went up a smoke out of his nostrils, and fire out of his m
87,o us: our God shall fight for us. 
So we laboured in the work: and half of them held th
72,d cast it at his feet, and said, Surely a bloody husband art thou to me.
101,and wine: and he was the priest of the most high God. 
And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram
81, this is he that was spoken of by the prophet Esaias, saying, The voice of one cr
95,e, and get thee quickly out of Jerusalem: for they will not receive thy testimony concerning me
88,those that be of men. 
Then said Jesus unto his disciples, If any man will come after me
108,f hosts shall stir up a scourge for him according to the slaughter of Midian at the rock of Oreb: and as his
91, when the time was that Elkanah offered, he gave to Peninnah his wife, and to all her sons 
96,mind: 
Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that this place shall no more be called
77,f Simon. 
And after the sop Satan entered into him. Then said Jesus unto him,
84,fifteenth day of the same month is the feast of unleavened bread unto the LORD: seve
105,eat: and moreover we saw the children of Anak there. 
The Amalekites dwell in the land of the south: and 
82,of his finger in water, and cool my tongue; for I am tormented in this flame. 
But
104,l devour thy young lions: and I will cut off thy prey from the earth, and the voice of thy messengers sh
88,make supplication unto thee in this house: 
Then hear thou in heaven, and forgive the si
102, gate, and wept: and as he went, thus he said, O my son Absalom, my son, my son Absalom! would God I h
106,all these words in your ears. 
Then said the princes and all the people unto the priests and to the prophe
82,ines be upon him. 
And David said unto Saul, Who am I? and what is my life, or my 
100,ield of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite, which is before Mamre; 
The field which Abraham purchas
93,d, Behold, I have here at hand the fourth part of a shekel of silver: that will I give to the
96,all be sought for, and there shall be none; and the sins of Judah, and they shall not be found: 
86, he break all my bones: from day even to night wilt thou make an end of me. 
Like a cr
93, sought to the Lord God of his father, and walked in his commandments, and not after the doin
87,uel said, Behold that which is left! set it before thee, and eat: for unto this time ha
93,ips: then I opened my mouth, and spake, and said unto him that stood before me, O my lord, by
80,of the burning: wherefore the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is the plag
74, my sake, for a testimony against them. 
And the gospel must first be publ
89, Benjamin fenced cities. 
And he fortified the strong holds, and put captains in them, an
98, 
These words spake his parents, because they feared the Jews: for the Jews had agreed already, th
98,t; and when he is come, he findeth it empty, swept, and garnished. 
Then goeth he, and taketh with
82, to the eater: 
So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth: it shall not
87,ick: thus and thus shalt thou say unto her: for it shall be, when she cometh in, that s
78,ite, because he had taken his wife, and given her to his companion. And the Ph
77,desert. 
Because of the wrath of the LORD it shall not be inhabited, but it s
94,lso against his three friends was his wrath kindled, because they had found no answer, and yet
100, gathered together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go out unto the cities of Judah, a
92,nd and the left in hurling stones and shooting arrows out of a bow, even of Saul's brethren 
98,e golden image which I have set up? 
Now if ye be ready that at what time ye hear the sound of the
88,housand prepared for war passed over before the LORD unto battle, to the plains of Jeric
93,d giving of thanks, be made for all men; 
For kings, and for all that are in authority; that 
89,ngs? If God be for us, who can be against us? 
He that spared not his own Son, but delive
76,fe of Urias; 
And Solomon begat Roboam; and Roboam begat Abia; and Abia bega
99,tutes, and my judgments: which if a man do, he shall live in them: I am the LORD. 
None of you shal
81, the LORD would not destroy thee. 
And the LORD said unto me, Arise, take thy jou
84,e the LORD thy God thrice in the year. 
Thou shalt not offer the blood of my sacrifi
72,lder women as mothers; the younger as sisters, with all purity. 
Honour 
83,thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is the month Adar, and to take the spoil
73,ed from the battle, and many of the people also are fallen and dead; and 
90,e LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto all the congregation of the children of Israe
87,ven days shall unleavened bread be eaten. 
In the first day shall be an holy convocatio
98,dip thy morsel in the vinegar. And she sat beside the reapers: and he reached her parched corn, an
77,ckets three. 
And on the other side shall be hangings fifteen cubits: their p
98,LORD by wisdom hath founded the earth; by understanding hath he established the heavens. 
By his k
79, of Assyria sent him,) and fought against Ashdod, and took it; 
At the same tim
101,erness by the way of the Red sea. 
Then ye answered and said unto me, We have sinned against the LORD
107,he LORD had spoken by Moses. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Go in unto Pharaoh: for I have hardened his hea
107,Dan, and Abelmaim, and all the store cities of Naphtali. 
And it came to pass, when Baasha heard it, that h
79, this is the blessing of Judah: and he said, Hear, LORD, the voice of Judah, an
89,joy thereof goeth and selleth all that he hath, and buyeth that field. 
Again, the kingdo
85,nswered him. 
Then said he unto all Israel, Be ye on one side, and I and Jonathan my 
80,up. 
For thus saith the Lord GOD; The city that went out by a thousand shall lea
80,ould run, or had run, in vain. 
But neither Titus, who was with me, being a Gree
78,: and I will place them in their houses, saith the LORD. 
Ephraim compasseth m
87,l put none of these diseases upon thee, which I have brought upon the Egyptians: for I 
81,ed, and there shall he lie down, and consume the branches thereof. 
When the boug
92, off the purple from him, and put his own clothes on him, and led him out to crucify him. 
A
87,ich is put in to fill it up taketh from the garment, and the rent is made worse. 
Neith
73,l with us, when we obey the voice of the LORD our God. 
And it came to pa
107,he mercy seat that is thereupon, and all the furniture of the tabernacle, 
And the table and his furniture,
90,. 
And he that was dead sat up, and began to speak. And he delivered him to his mother. 
A
101,eir service: and ye shall appoint unto them in charge all their burdens. 
This is the service of the 
73,
And the priest shall set the woman before the LORD, and uncover the woma
84,. 
Thy word have I hid in mine heart, that I might not sin against thee. 
Blessed ar
96,o him, I am Gabriel, that stand in the presence of God; and am sent to speak unto thee, and to s
75,with the righteous. 
The curse of the LORD is in the house of the wicked: b
72,h is a manifest token of the righteous judgment of God, that ye may be c
85,pleasant roe; let her breasts satisfy thee at all times; and be thou ravished always 
81, Jerubbaal went to Shechem unto his mother's brethren, and communed with them, an
83,andment is a lamp; and the law is light; and reproofs of instruction are the way of
108, a memorial thereof, and burn it on the altar, according to the offerings made by fire unto the LORD: it is 
105,, and princes decree justice. 
By me princes rule, and nobles, even all the judges of the earth. 
I love 
106,rs were not numbered among them. 
For the LORD had spoken unto Moses, saying, 
Only thou shalt not number 
80,ou, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing: therefore c
95,ethren of Ahaziah, that ministered to Ahaziah, he slew them. 
And he sought Ahaziah: and they c
72, 
So shall it be at the end of the world: the angels shall come forth, a
84,. 
Now if Christ be preached that he rose from the dead, how say some among you that
108,make a joyful noise unto him with psalms. 
For the LORD is a great God, and a great King above all gods. 
In
108,but unto the other half thereof gave Joshua among their brethren on this side Jordan westward. And when Josh
87,ry seven years, in the solemnity of the year of release, in the feast of tabernacles, 

76,hat creep upon the earth, and all the men that are upon the face of the eart
74,as seen of me also, as of one born out of due time. 
For I am the least of
95,of Sodom and Gomorrha into ashes condemned them with an overthrow, making them an ensample unto
78,erefore I perceive that there is nothing better, than that a man should rejoic
100,ot get so much; then he shall take one lamb for a trespass offering to be waved, to make an atonemen
107,band: 
But and if she depart, let her remain unmarried or be reconciled to her husband: and let not the hus
88,om sware he that they should not enter into his rest, but to them that believed not? 
So
82,. 
Open to me the gates of righteousness: I will go into them, and I will praise t
107,ye are turned away from the LORD, therefore the LORD will not be with you. 
But they presumed to go up unto
77,vered their bodies. 
And they went every one straight forward: whither the sp
89,he land of Egypt, but they turned from them, and destroyed them not; 
Behold, I say, how 
98,And God came unto Balaam at night, and said unto him, If the men come to call thee, rise up, and g
86,eir bones; 
Who also eat the flesh of my people, and flay their skin from off them; an
108, cast it from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life with one eye, rather than having two eyes to be
72,slain them in the day of thine anger; thou hast killed, and not pitied. 
101,hildren of Gibbar, ninety and five. 
The children of Bethlehem, an hundred twenty and three. 
The men
83, fire seven years: 
So that they shall take no wood out of the field, neither cut d
89,were nine hundred and five years: and he died. 
And Cainan lived seventy years and begat 
97,r brass I will bring gold, and for iron I will bring silver, and for wood brass, and for stones i
80, for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD. 
And I will send a fire on Magog, and
106,and the inhabitants of Zanoah; they built it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bar
93,man that thou hast shewed these things to me. 
And he called unto him two centurions, saying,
88, 
Mine eye is consumed because of grief; it waxeth old because of all mine enemies. 
Dep
92, that I may hide myself in the field unto the third day at even. 
If thy father at all miss 
77,own will, and hath so decreed in his heart that he will keep his virgin, doet
87,even Christ: 
From whom the whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that whic
96,ir thoughts, and said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; 
81,brother. 
Then Jacob said unto his household, and to all that were with him, Put 
80, from the LORD unto the gate of Jerusalem. 
O thou inhabitant of Lachish, bind t
79,expectation of the people of the Jews. 
And when he had considered the thing, h
73,'s wife, then let his brother's wife go up to the gate unto the elders, a
77,nd unto Aaron was born Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar. 
And Nadab and
96,a long time. 
And at the season he sent a servant to the husbandmen, that they should give him o
96,his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude. 
And they did all eat, and were filled: and t
75,id them. 
For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ, but their
93,ace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the
105, a light from heaven, above the brightness of the sun, shining round about me and them which journeyed wi
101,re: but the righteous is an everlasting foundation. 
As vinegar to the teeth, and as smoke to the eye
87,nemy into our hand. 
And when the people saw him, they praised their god: for they said
77,efore the parable of the sower. 
When any one heareth the word of the kingdom
102,his heart. 
There is an evil which I have seen under the sun, and it is common among men: 
A man to wh
72, let him down by the wall in a basket. 
And when Saul was come to Jerusa
75,ooking toward Gilgal, that is before the going up to Adummim, which is on t
106,d from Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, from Mizpah, after that he had slain Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, even
89,em out with the bitter water: 
And he shall cause the woman to drink the bitter water tha
106, your tents in, in fire by night, to shew you by what way ye should go, and in a cloud by day. 
And the LO
107, peace until they were come. 
And Hamor the father of Shechem went out unto Jacob to commune with him. 
And
80,I will go. 
And they sent away Rebekah their sister, and her nurse, and Abraham'
90,
And the king and his men went to Jerusalem unto the Jebusites, the inhabitants of the lan
100,at rise against thee to do thee hurt, be as that young man is. 
And the king was much moved, and wen
94,n, and all the furniture of the tabernacle, 
And the table and his furniture, and the pure can
72,rough strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem othe
105,the LORD, saying, Shall I go and smite these Philistines? And the LORD said unto David, Go, and smite the
80,, and makest him drunken also, that thou mayest look on their nakedness! 
Thou a
91,which I have commanded thee: seven days shalt thou consecrate them. 
And thou shalt offer e
83,stroyed for ever: 
But thou, LORD, art most high for evermore. 
For, lo, thine enem
84,Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman: th
80,nd Jonah began to enter into the city a day's journey, and he cried, and said, Y
107,hall make your burnt offerings upon the altar, and your peace offerings; and I will accept you, saith the L
98,that remained. 
But Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left of the poor of the people, which had
76,ame of my God, and in whom is the spirit of the holy gods: and before him I 
84,hilemon our dearly beloved, and fellowlabourer, 
And to our beloved Apphia, and Arch
91, dealeth in proud wrath. 
The desire of the slothful killeth him; for his hands refuse to l
89,be astonished and hiss because of all the plagues thereof. 
And I will cause them to eat 
96, gates: then shalt thou arise, and get thee up into the place which the LORD thy God shall choos
72,month, that is, the month Nisan, in the twelfth year of king Ahasuerus, 
86,me unto the valley of Eshcol, and searched it out. 
And they took of the fruit of the 
77,proud shall stumble and fall, and none shall raise him up: and I will kindle 
79,So will I send upon you famine and evil beasts, and they shall bereave thee: an
72,he LORD God of thy fathers giveth thee to possess it, all the days that 
78,drink offering is withholden from the house of your God. 
Sanctify ye a fast, 
88,women that are at ease; hear my voice, ye careless daughters; give ear unto my speech. 

87,officers of the Jews took Jesus, and bound him, 
And led him away to Annas first; for h
84, things have I spoken unto you, that ye should not be offended. 
They shall put you 
81, all that be clean shall eat thereof. 
But the soul that eateth of the flesh of t
79,l ye shout. 
So the ark of the LORD compassed the city, going about it once: an
90,sh, let him not approach to offer the bread of his God. 
For whatsoever man he be that hat
80,and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom; 
Preach the word; be instant in s
82,ces. 
Take counsel together, and it shall come to nought; speak the word, and it s
87,y them to the city. 
And as soon as the lad was gone, David arose out of a place toward
99, passed over Jordan: by the morning light there lacked not one of them that was not gone over Jorda
94,rought upon them the king of the Chaldees, who slew their young men with the sword in the hous
80,s chain. 
And they said unto him, We neither received letters out of Judaea conc
79,in the most strong holds with a strange god, whom he shall acknowledge and incr
92,w then doth he now see? 
His parents answered them and said, We know that this is our son, a
91,the depths are broken up, and the clouds drop down the dew. 
My son, let not them depart fr
84,
Repent; or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will fight against them with the
72,atter too hard for thee in judgment, between blood and blood, between pl
89,tely, 
Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign when all these thi
91,s, and of the holy angels. 
But I tell you of a truth, there be some standing here, which s
79,nd all that is therein. 
Then shall the trees of the wood sing out at the prese
104,, Israel's eldest son, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, accord
73, and is burned up like a wilderness, that none passeth through? 
And the 
90,ickedness: but the root of the righteous shall not be moved. 
A virtuous woman is a crown 
93,t is this? that thou shalt say unto him, By strength of hand the LORD brought us out from Egy
97, 
And when the south wind blew softly, supposing that they had obtained their purpose, loosing th
77,pillars were of lily work in the porch, four cubits. 
And the chapiters upon 
102,and upon all the cities of the land of Moab, far or near. 
The horn of Moab is cut off, and his arm is
88,that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven. 
Many will say to me in that day, L
79, Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram. 
And the children of 
74, made their sweet savour, and poured out there their drink offerings. 
The
105,le of Judah, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Zion shall be plowed like a field, and Jerusalem shall
105,u must come in unto me; for surely I have hired thee with my son's mandrakes. And he lay with her that ni
107,thou afflictest them: 
Then hear thou in heaven, and forgive the sin of thy servants, and of thy people Isr
96,ame shall reign over my people. 
Then Saul drew near to Samuel in the gate, and said, Tell me, I
104,en the service of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
Neither must the children of Israel henceforth co
72,ay thy stones with fair colours, and lay thy foundations with sapphires.
84,ass. 
They forgat God their saviour, which had done great things in Egypt; 
Wondrous
95,. 
Then lifted I up mine eyes, and saw, and behold four horns. 
And I said unto the angel that 
79,me JESUS: for he shall save his people from their sins. 
Now all this was done,
92,bey the voice of the LORD your God, 
Saying, No; but we will go into the land of Egypt, wher
106,y God. 
And now, saith the LORD that formed me from the womb to be his servant, to bring Jacob again to hi
92,use, and forgive thy people which have sinned against thee. 
Now, my God, let, I beseech the
103,ssover unto the LORD in Jerusalem: and they killed the passover on the fourteenth day of the first mont
94,ep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground. 
And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain br
79,to cleave unto him; 
Then will the LORD drive out all these nations from before
93,he day of the LORD's wrath; but the whole land shall be devoured by the fire of his jealousy:
103,e angel of the LORD standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his hand: and he bowed down his head, a
88,e after thee: believe them not, though they speak fair words unto thee. 
I have forsaken
96,ere assembled unto him out of Israel a very great congregation of men and women and children: fo
98,him the money in the balances. 
So I took the evidence of the purchase, both that which was sealed
100,of Nazareth. 
Which thing I also did in Jerusalem: and many of the saints did I shut up in prison, h
75,of Machir came down governors, and out of Zebulun they that handle the pen 
93,your enemies with your brethren. 
And the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the 
99,ceive manifold more in this present time, and in the world to come life everlasting. 
Then he took 
99, into the midst of Jordan, and take you up every man of you a stone upon his shoulder, according un
73,rvants and his cattle in the field. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretc
100,s life. 
How doth the city sit solitary, that was full of people! how is she become as a widow! she 
81, which were sold unto the heathen; and will ye even sell your brethren? or shall 
87,o the angel of the church of the Laodiceans write; These things saith the Amen, the fai
89,. 
But those things, which God before had shewed by the mouth of all his prophets, that C
83,ive glory, for thy mercy, and for thy truth's sake. 
Wherefore should the heathen s
76,rnacle, accomplishing the service of God. 
But into the second went the high
83,we were passed over, that their heart melted, neither was there spirit in them any 
85,Accuse not a servant unto his master, lest he curse thee, and thou be found guilty. 

74,many children is waxed feeble. 
The LORD killeth, and maketh alive: he bri
83,med him not. 
Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did 
94,ve hearkened to the voice of the LORD my God, and have done according to all that thou hast co
98,resence of God for us: 
Nor yet that he should offer himself often, as the high priest entereth in
105,eft him none remaining. 
And from Lachish Joshua passed unto Eglon, and all Israel with him; and they enc
100, of all the commandments is, Hear, O Israel; The Lord our God is one Lord: 
And thou shalt love the 
91,his vessels, and sanctify the altar: and it shall be an altar most holy. 
And thou shalt an
99,d found no water; they returned with their vessels empty; they were ashamed and confounded, and cov
101,the door of this gate before the LORD in the sabbaths and in the new moons. 
And the burnt offering t
76,e must go: for ye have not passed this way heretofore. 
And Joshua said unto
95,me forth, bound hand and foot with graveclothes: and his face was bound about with a napkin. Je
95,rael, Go ye every man unto his city. 
Now there was a man of Benjamin, whose name was Kish, the
87,live, and it shall praise thee; and let thy judgments help me. 
I have gone astray like
104,er neighbours together, saying, Rejoice with me; for I have found the piece which I had lost. 
Likewise,
98,in. 
The LORD God of heaven, which took me from my father's house, and from the land of my kindred
90,laam the son of Beor to Pethor, which is by the river of the land of the children of his p
76,walk in the Spirit. 
Let us not be desirous of vain glory, provoking one ano
86,, See here; or, see there: go not after them, nor follow them. 
For as the lightning, 
93,he obtained the promise. 
For men verily swear by the greater: and an oath for confirmation i
98, all Israel, to Baalah, that is, to Kirjathjearim, which belonged to Judah, to bring up thence the
100,unto these men do nothing; for therefore came they under the shadow of my roof. 
And they said, Stan
76, and the Levites, that they might be encouraged in the law of the LORD. 
And
96,ted thee: and what is thy request? even to the half of the kingdom it shall be performed. 
Then 
86,themselves in array to fight against them at Gibeah. 
And the children of Benjamin cam
95,for vanity shall be his recompence. 
It shall be accomplished before his time, and his branch s
89,ow in thine hand, that we should give bread unto thine army? 
And Gideon said, Therefore 
89,s unto the elders and to the nobles that were in his city, dwelling with Naboth. 
And she
86,Paul and Barnabas waxed bold, and said, It was necessary that the word of God should f
103,persons is not good: for for a piece of bread that man will transgress. 
He that hasteth to be rich hat
101,wered them after the advice of the young men, saying, My father made your yoke heavy, but I will add 
106, victory. 
The LORD hath made known his salvation: his righteousness hath he openly shewed in the sight of
76, a prey of divers colours of needlework, of divers colours of needlework on 
89, man and man, 
Hath walked in my statutes, and hath kept my judgments, to deal truly; he 
93,ardest not the person of men. 
Tell us therefore, What thinkest thou? Is it lawful to give tr
101,o him as it shall seem good unto thee. Then David arose, and cut off the skirt of Saul's robe privily
106,in the evening, that he took Leah his daughter, and brought her to him; and he went in unto her. 
And Laba
77, what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, a
96,: whither the men went I wot not: pursue after them quickly; for ye shall overtake them. 
But sh
76,ours. 
So they cast him out of the vineyard, and killed him. What therefore 
74,it: it is a statute for ever unto the LORD; it shall be wholly burnt. 
For
84,pose might not be changed concerning Daniel. 
Then the king went to his palace, and 
102,it from heaven, or of men? answer me. 
And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, Fro
95,oever it seemeth convenient unto thee to go. So the captain of the guard gave him victuals and 
89,statutes and my commandments, as thy father David did walk, then I will lengthen thy days
82, they were all amazed, and spake among themselves, saying, What a word is this! fo
102,nty shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a
107,en the king commanded Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, saying, Take from hence thirty men with thee, and take up J
74,pared for them a city. 
By faith Abraham, when he was tried, offered up Is
95,eir garments upon the colt, and they set Jesus thereon. 
And as he went, they spread their clot
82,me in their due season. 
And thou shalt say unto them, This is the offering made b
98,s, and an hundred of summer fruits, and a bottle of wine. 
And the king said unto Ziba, What meane
101,of Ituraea and of the region of Trachonitis, and Lysanias the tetrarch of Abilene, 
Annas and Caiapha
88, him exceedingly; twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation. 
Bu
88, keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all. 
For he that said
82,and peace be to thine house, and peace be unto all that thou hast. 
And now I have
98, upon the mountains, skipping upon the hills. 
My beloved is like a roe or a young hart: behold, h
74,g him unto me. 
And they brought him unto him: and when he saw him, straig
101,ll I go out into the midst of Egypt: 
And all the firstborn in the land of Egypt shall die, from the 
91,he womb shall forget him; the worm shall feed sweetly on him; he shall be no more remembere
93,d age, an old man, and full of years; and was gathered to his people. 
And his sons Isaac and
84,he waters thereof roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling
87,rom Beersheba even to Dan, that they should come to keep the passover unto the LORD God
92,s wound, then went Ephraim to the Assyrian, and sent to king Jareb: yet could he not heal yo
90,ir iniquity and their sin. 
Then Jeremiah called Baruch the son of Neriah: and Baruch wrot
90,ur mouth is open unto you, our heart is enlarged. 
Ye are not straitened in us, but ye are
87,D commanded Moses. 
And he made the robe of the ephod of woven work, all of blue. 
And 
100,hand, as it is this day. 
Now therefore, O LORD God of Israel, keep with thy servant David my father
88, as if it were of a garden: he hath destroyed his places of the assembly: the LORD hath 
89,anctuary: and the other did set up the tabernacle against they came. 
And the standard of
78,oman? And he said, I am. 
And Manoah said, Now let thy words come to pass. How
102,ought the goat of the sin offering, and, behold, it was burnt: and he was angry with Eleazar and Itham
85,inces came to me, saying, The people of Israel, and the priests, and the Levites, hav
79,me hear thy voice; for sweet is thy voice, and thy countenance is comely. 
Take
107,are the horns which have scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem. 
And the LORD shewed me four carpenters. 

80,n from the morning until now, that she tarried a little in the house. 
Then said
107,in, and iron, and lead, in the midst of the furnace; they are even the dross of silver. 
Therefore thus sai
99,d they shall go in to wait upon the service of the tabernacle of the congregation: 
And from the ag
80,lled as in a solemn day my terrors round about, so that in the day of the LORD's
96,anging, for to confirm all things; a man plucked off his shoe, and gave it to his neighbour: and
81,ght ye to have done, and not to leave the other undone. 
Woe unto you, Pharisees!
83, I. 
For thou hast been a shelter for me, and a strong tower from the enemy. 
I wil
78,said unto him, Thou hast rightly judged. 
And he turned to the woman, and said
98,hey brought him hastily out of the dungeon: and he shaved himself, and changed his raiment, and ca
98,ath turned aside my ways, and pulled me in pieces: he hath made me desolate. 
He hath bent his bow
83,ints; given to hospitality. 
Bless them which persecute you: bless, and curse not. 
84,her: for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it. 
Behold, the LORD's hand is not short
78,tent of the congregation, upon the side of the tabernacle northward, without t
86,ts of the land, because there is no truth, nor mercy, nor knowledge of God in the land
97,aul thy father, to his brethren, and to his friends, and have not delivered thee into the hand of
90,halt be near unto me, thou, and thy children, and thy children's children, and thy flocks,
82,e? 
Canst thou send lightnings, that they may go and say unto thee, Here we are? 

104,eatward were the faces of the cherubims. 
And he made the table of shittim wood: two cubits was the leng
95,hers, and their fields to them that shall inherit them: for every one from the least even unto 
97,s bones that were not seen stick out. 
Yea, his soul draweth near unto the grave, and his life to
80,nd the second came, saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained five pounds. 
And he sai
80,eparted, and told the Jews that it was Jesus, which had made him whole. 
And the
73,morrah brimstone and fire from the LORD out of heaven; 
And he overthrew 
73,d there fell a noisome and grievous sore upon the men which had the mark 
87,s. 
For if that first covenant had been faultless, then should no place have been sough
105,alf in twain, and passed between the parts thereof, 
The princes of Judah, and the princes of Jerusalem, 
72, you in our prayers; 
Remembering without ceasing your work of faith, an
96,they shall consecrate themselves. 
And when these days are expired, it shall be, that upon the e
85,d in the house of your prison: go ye, carry corn for the famine of your houses: 
But 
107,ll be saved. 
O LORD God of hosts, how long wilt thou be angry against the prayer of thy people? 
Thou feed
86, have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God. 
Then Nebuchadnezzar
84,ve neither brought my sword nor my weapons with me, because the king's business requ
83,seek out his wickedness till thou find none. 
The LORD is King for ever and ever: t
97,f the cloud, and of the thick darkness, with a great voice: and he added no more. And he wrote th
76,r the father's sakes. 
For the gifts and calling of God are without repentan
72,t ye shall not drink wine of them. 
For I know your manifold transgressi
99,l. 
Say ye unto your brethren, Ammi; and to your sisters, Ruhamah. 
Plead with your mother, plead: 
82,ief also and sorrow are in the midst of it. 
Wickedness is in the midst thereof: d
73,ay make Aaron's garments to consecrate him, that he may minister unto me 
90,at thou mayest be saved. How long shall thy vain thoughts lodge within thee? 
For a voice 
88, of the LORD, searching all the inward parts of the belly. 
Mercy and truth preserve the
107,
And it came to pass on the twentieth day of the second month, in the second year, that the cloud was taken
73,unto him. 
Then said Thomas, which is called Didymus, unto his fellowdisc
88,Israel laid siege to Gibbethon. 
Even in the third year of Asa king of Judah did Baasha 
96,ain shall be eight and twenty cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: and every one 
80,rlour were locked, they said, Surely he covereth his feet in his summer chamber.
81, spoilest, and thou wast not spoiled; and dealest treacherously, and they dealt n
76,e thou canst not make one hair white or black. 
But let your communication b
93,t from women. 
And David answered the priest, and said unto him, Of a truth women have been k
82,srael. 
Many a time have they afflicted me from my youth, may Israel now say: 
Man
94, in vain, The spirit that dwelleth in us lusteth to envy? 
But he giveth more grace. Wherefore
88,h, the father of Bethlehem. 
And Ashur the father of Tekoa had two wives, Helah and Naar
105,ple, and into thine ovens, and into thy kneadingtroughs: 
And the frogs shall come up both on thee, and u
105, Samson is come hither. And they compassed him in, and laid wait for him all night in the gate of the cit
103,n out of the temple which was in Jerusalem; that the king, and his princes, his wives, and his concubin
100,spake to him, saying, Behold, the words of the prophets declare good to the king with one assent; le
93,halt also make a laver of brass, and his foot also of brass, to wash withal: and thou shalt p
92, thou diligent to know the state of thy flocks, and look well to thy herds. 
For riches are 
84, also. 
When they had heard the king, they departed; and, lo, the star, which they s
102,ed in thither, and said unto him, Who brought thee hither? and what makest thou in this place? and wha
86,im: as he delighted not in blessing, so let it be far from him. 
As he clothed himself
103, me according to the greatness of thy mercy. 
In those days also saw I Jews that had married wives of A
88,ing, There cometh one mightier than I after me, the latchet of whose shoes I am not wort
108,use of a stranger; 
And thou mourn at the last, when thy flesh and thy body are consumed, 
And say, How have
78,he flocks and the herds be slain for them, to suffice them? or shall all the f
91,make restitution. 
If fire break out, and catch in thorns, so that the stacks of corn, or t
106,ing in it. 
And the priest shall put on his linen garment, and his linen breeches shall he put upon his fl
105,e cities which the LORD overthrew, and repented not: and let him hear the cry in the morning, and the sho
74,ptain of the guard, which served the king of Babylon, into Jerusalem, 
And
100,s of gold, and two gold rings; and put the two rings in the two ends of the breastplate. 
And they p
93,rees on the one side and on the other. 
Then said he unto me, These waters issue out toward t
72,ah, Bezaleel, and Binnui, and Manasseh. 
And of the sons of Harim; Eliez
97,led the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that
79,For surely there is an end; and thine expectation shall not be cut off. 
Hear t
92,ghtily oppressed the children of Israel. 
And Deborah, a prophetess, the wife of Lapidoth, s
102,y these were the isles of the Gentiles divided in their lands; every one after his tongue, after their
104, they shall not satisfy their souls, neither fill their bowels: because it is the stumblingblock of thei
101,on the south, and the house of Joseph shall abide in their coasts on the north. 
Ye shall therefore d
72, took off his ring from his hand, and put it upon Joseph's hand, and arr
77,hat Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem: 
And he took away the tr
88,each them your children, speaking of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when tho
85,s. 
He among the sons of Aaron, that offereth the blood of the peace offerings, and t
72,y. 
And after these things he went forth, and saw a publican, named Levi
80,udges, but they went a whoring after other gods, and bowed themselves unto them:
89,heir pernicious ways; by reason of whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of. 
And th
101,into thy bedchamber, and upon thy bed, and into the house of thy servants, and upon thy people, and i
84,the unclean spirit had torn him, and cried with a loud voice, he came out of him. 
A
95,peh of Moab: and he said unto the king of Moab, Let my father and my mother, I pray thee, come 
84, out of the west, straightway ye say, There cometh a shower; and so it is. 
And when
88,ce and the rejoicing of the hope firm unto the end. 
Wherefore (as the Holy Ghost saith,
73,, and the fountains of waters. 
And there followed another angel, saying,
74, was with Moses. 
Whosoever he be that doth rebel against thy commandment,
98,made peace with the children of Israel, save the Hivites the inhabitants of Gibeon: all other they
73,ect. 
For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness; 
95,ed your eyes: the prophets and your rulers, the seers hath he covered. 
And the vision of all i
83,osoever he be of you that forsaketh not all that he hath, he cannot be my disciple.
80,oh's heart, that he shall follow after them; and I will be honoured upon Pharaoh
104,he other side. 
But a certain Samaritan, as he journeyed, came where he was: and when he saw him, he had
85, pierced in me in the night season: and my sinews take no rest. 
By the great force o
98,ezekiah hath taken away, and said to Judah and to Jerusalem, Ye shall worship before this altar? 

104,ame down from heaven, and consumed the burnt offering and the sacrifices; and the glory of the LORD fill
97,thou givest many gifts. 
My son, keep my words, and lay up my commandments with thee. 
Keep my co
97, 
He raiseth up the poor out of the dust, and lifteth the needy out of the dunghill; 
That he may
95,saith, I will return into my house from whence I came out; and when he is come, he findeth it e
106,erlasting God. 
And Abraham sojourned in the Philistines' land many days. 
And it came to pass after these
98,ke heed to yourselves: for they shall deliver you up to councils; and in the synagogues ye shall b
76,he ark of thy strength. 
Let thy priests be clothed with righteousness; and 
83,knowing what was done, came in. 
And Peter answered unto her, Tell me whether ye so
73, Samson's wife wept before him, and said, Thou dost but hate me, and love
107,la. And Jehoshaphat said, Let not the king say so. 
And the king of Israel called for one of his officers, 
106,ou convinceth me of sin? And if I say the truth, why do ye not believe me? 
He that is of God heareth God'
92,se are the divisions of the porters among the sons of Kore, and among the sons of Merari. 
A
84,l to help Solomon his son, saying, 
Is not the LORD your God with you? and hath he n
101, at his end shall be a fool. 
A glorious high throne from the beginning is the place of our sanctuary
83,h us, to carry us forth out of Egypt? 
Is not this the word that we did tell thee i
84,I thought to advertise thee, saying, Buy it before the inhabitants, and before the e
101,ked shall be made straight, and the rough ways shall be made smooth; 
And all flesh shall see the sal
102,s on the wall unto the dung gate. 
But the dung gate repaired Malchiah the son of Rechab, the ruler of
99,se we have sought the LORD our God, we have sought him, and he hath given us rest on every side. So
104,nd if men strive together, and one smite another with a stone, or with his fist, and he die not, but kee
106,s of silver, and built on the hill, and called the name of the city which he built, after the name of Shem
88,slay with the sword among them that were slain by them. 
And the border of the children 
93,he LORD spake unto Moses and to Aaron, saying unto them, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, 
82, there was exceeding much spoil in them. 
They smote also the tents of cattle, and
105,eem for a people to himself, and to make him a name, and to do for you great things and terrible, for thy
75,e first tabernacle, accomplishing the service of God. 
But into the second 
97,ch mighty works are wrought by his hands? 
Is not this the carpenter, the son of Mary, the brothe
85,the day long. 
For day and night thy hand was heavy upon me: my moisture is turned in
104, written in the letters which she had sent unto them. 
They proclaimed a fast, and set Naboth on high am
91, 
Moreover he made high places in the mountains of Judah and caused the inhabitants of Jeru
88,father's daughter. 
In thee have they taken gifts to shed blood; thou hast taken usury a
100,ars are broken. 
One post shall run to meet another, and one messenger to meet another, to shew the 
82,itude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me? 
And Jesus said
97,herefore fear thou not, O my servant Jacob, saith the LORD; neither be dismayed, O Israel: for, l
88,ine ordinances, and do them: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God. 
But 
104,nd viewed the wall, and turned back, and entered by the gate of the valley, and so returned. 
And the ru
86, 
The LORD therefore hath performed his word that he hath spoken: for I am risen up in
101,hin and without: and there was written therein lamentations, and mourning, and woe. 
Moreover he said
89,rd, and thy expectation shall not be cut off. 
Lay not wait, O wicked man, against the dw
108,he LORD, the God of Israel; Go and speak to Zedekiah king of Judah, and tell him, Thus saith the LORD; Behol
90, Kirjathsannah, which is Debir, 
And Anab, and Eshtemoh, and Anim, 
And Goshen, and Holon,
93,and did as Jesus commanded them, 
And brought the ass, and the colt, and put on them their cl
105,orth have been from of old, from everlasting. 
Therefore will he give them up, until the time that she wh
95,obtain gladness and joy; and sorrow and mourning shall flee away. 
I, even I, am he that comfor
105,and shall afflict Asshur, and shall afflict Eber, and he also shall perish for ever. 
And Balaam rose up,
85, And he said, Thy servant is he. 
And the king said, Is there not yet any of the hous
87,days' journey betwixt himself and Jacob: and Jacob fed the rest of Laban's flocks. 
And
93,one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering: 
One kid of the goats for a sin offering: 

91,wilt thou return? So it pleased the king to send me; and I set him a time. 
Moreover I said
75,ish laid thereon, and bread. 
Jesus saith unto them, Bring of the fish whic
74, are sure that thou art that Christ, the Son of the living God. 
Jesus ans
98,ere sat in a window a certain young man named Eutychus, being fallen into a deep sleep: and as Pau
97,ye to do with me, O Tyre, and Zidon, and all the coasts of Palestine? will ye render me a recompe
86, delight in the frowardness of the wicked; 
Whose ways are crooked, and they froward i
86, was so. 
And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the le
84,ings were so. 
Then Paul, after that the governor had beckoned unto him to speak, an
80,tes: 
Of Jezer, the family of the Jezerites: of Shillem, the family of the Shill
89,ation be accepted before thee, and pray for us unto the LORD thy God, even for all this r
97,, is it not of the LORD of hosts that the people shall labour in the very fire, and the people sh
83,of his father, and walked in his commandments, and not after the doings of Israel. 
81,
And it came to pass, that, when the sun went down, and it was dark, behold a smo
84,lt bring the Levites before the tabernacle of the congregation: and thou shalt gathe
94, which I gave Abraham and Isaac, to thee I will give it, and to thy seed after thee will I giv
99,. 
The posts of the temple were squared, and the face of the sanctuary; the appearance of the one a
72,. 
So that servant came, and shewed his lord these things. Then the mast
104,rael. 
And it came to pass, when Ahab heard those words, that he rent his clothes, and put sackcloth upo
93,ria, and all that are round about her, the daughters of the Philistines, which despise thee r
90,f all pity, and his anger did tear perpetually, and he kept his wrath for ever: 
But I wil
89, of the hands of the craftsman, and putteth it in a secret place. And all the people shal
81,e head: as an heavy burden they are too heavy for me. 
My wounds stink and are co
74, perceiving that he had answered them well, asked him, Which is the first 
77,hree months, and returned to her own house. 
Now Elisabeth's full time came t
105,wered, Am I a Jew? Thine own nation and the chief priests have delivered thee unto me: what hast thou don
102,ught every man his ox with him that night, and slew them there. 
And Saul built an altar unto the LORD
98,he oppressed return ashamed: let the poor and needy praise thy name. 
Arise, O God, plead thine ow
108,her after that. 
I say therefore to the unmarried and widows, it is good for them if they abide even as I. 

94,ds. 
And Moses brought out all the rods from before the LORD unto all the children of Israel: 
72,of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature o
80,ering, even the memorial thereof, and burn it upon the altar, and afterward shal
76,And Haman said unto king Ahasuerus, There is a certain people scattered abro
85,tions. 
And I will bring upon that land all my words which I have pronounced against 
97,shew thy son in that day, saying, This is done because of that which the LORD did unto me when I 
107,he governors beyond the river, that they may convey me over till I come into Judah; 
And a letter unto Asap
79,eir seed also among the nations, and to scatter them in the lands. 
They joined
104, children of fools, yea, children of base men: they were viler than the earth. 
And now am I their song,
97,: and they pursued after Joshua, and were drawn away from the city. 
And there was not a man left
88,p himself to his own inheritance. 
Even as the LORD commanded Moses, so did the daughter
87,ray thee, whose are these, the signet, and bracelets, and staff. 
And Judah acknowledge
88, and over Jezreel, and over Ephraim, and over Benjamin, and over all Israel. 
Ishbosheth
77,me of God Almighty, but by my name JEHOVAH was I not known to them. 
And I ha
79,s: for they shall be called the children of God. 
Blessed are they which are pe
105, and thou wast replenished, and made very glorious in the midst of the seas. 
Thy rowers have brought the
87,ll the people that are in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus. 
For this deed of th
102,ea, they spake against God; they said, Can God furnish a table in the wilderness? 
Behold, he smote th
88,an who killeth him, the king will enrich him with great riches, and will give him his da
97,s of a fool are in the ends of the earth. 
A foolish son is a grief to his father, and bitterness
84,near to any of my holy things, in the most holy place: but they shall bear their sha
76,ine of the earth; for her grapes are fully ripe. 
And the angel thrust in hi
107,e mount of Olives. 
Then saith Jesus unto them, All ye shall be offended because of me this night: for it i
98,am, are six hundred thousand footmen; and thou hast said, I will give them flesh, that they may ea
78,come together. 
And he said unto them, Ye know how that it is an unlawful thin
107,e the dream, and told the sum of the matters. 
Daniel spake and said, I saw in my vision by night, and, beh
95,s that ye live upon the earth. 
Ye shall utterly destroy all the places, wherein the nations wh
100,, disputing and persuading the things concerning the kingdom of God. 
But when divers were hardened,
88,r; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another. 
By this shall all men know that 
72,nd he shall feed on Carmel and Bashan, and his soul shall be satisfied u
87,sed, and have built an house for the name of the LORD God of Israel. 
And I have set th
102, 
A good name is better than precious ointment; and the day of death than the day of one's birth. 
It 
72,without cost. 
So David gave to Ornan for the place six hundred shekels 
104,dren: now shall a month devour them with their portions. 
Blow ye the cornet in Gibeah, and the trumpet 
86,n due times manifested his word through preaching, which is committed unto me accordin
95,, and found Elisha the son of Shaphat, who was plowing with twelve yoke of oxen before him, and
85,of oxen; and with thee will I break in pieces captains and rulers. 
And I will render
86,at lay with the woman, and the woman: so shalt thou put away evil from Israel. 
If a d
90, slain his sons, threescore and ten persons, upon one stone, and have made Abimelech, the 
107,t only this our craft is in danger to be set at nought; but also that the temple of the great goddess Diana
106,hstand God? 
When they heard these things, they held their peace, and glorified God, saying, Then hath God
75, himself is with us for our captain, and his priests with sounding trumpets
75, a Governor, that shall rule my people Israel. 
Then Herod, when he had pri
88,son of Omri to reign over Israel: and Ahab the son of Omri reigned over Israel in Samari
92,eir captivity; The LORD bless thee, O habitation of justice, and mountain of holiness. 
And 
92,k of the LORD, even he smote of the people fifty thousand and threescore and ten men: and th
78,umber them; all that enter in to perform the service, to do the work in the ta
78,is help, whose hope is in the LORD his God: 
Which made heaven, and earth, the
102,ds, with a very great slaughter. Thus the children of Ammon were subdued before the children of Israel
88,t us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not. 
As w
73, the trumpet, then ye shall say, Absalom reigneth in Hebron. 
And with Ab
83,tions more than they, and hast justified thy sisters in all thine abominations whic
80,, and went to Mesopotamia, unto the city of Nahor. 
And he made his camels to kn
75,e which was in Shiloh, where I set my name at the first, and see what I did
80,d ever. 
And the temple was filled with smoke from the glory of God, and from hi
79,. 
His watchmen are blind: they are all ignorant, they are all dumb dogs, they 
100,on thy right hand. 
The sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the moon by night. 
The LORD shall pres
90, shall be turned unto thee, and shameful spewing shall be on thy glory. 
For the violence 
84,heir imaginations against me. 
Thou hast heard their reproach, O LORD, and all their
101,ngdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will. 
The same hour was the thing fulfilled upon Nebuch
79,d the king's spear! and let one of the young men come over and fetch it. 
The L
95,e earth? 
Have ye forgotten the wickedness of your fathers, and the wickedness of the kings of 
91,om the beginning declared it to thee; before it came to pass I shewed it thee: lest thou sh
84, have not wickedly departed from my God. 
For all his judgments were before me: and 
81, put her away. 
And Jesus answered and said unto them, For the hardness of your h
85,in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. 
If then God so clothe the grass,
81,es, and loving favour rather than silver and gold. 
The rich and poor meet togeth
96,and they also prophesied. 
And when it was told Saul, he sent other messengers, and they prophes
101, given such power unto men. 
And as Jesus passed forth from thence, he saw a man, named Matthew, sitt
72,s before Mamre; 
The field which Abraham purchased of the sons of Heth: 
79,re there brought unto him little children, that he should put his hands on them
107,deth his house as a moth, and as a booth that the keeper maketh. 
The rich man shall lie down, but he shall
97,gain Zion. 
Break forth into joy, sing together, ye waste places of Jerusalem: for the LORD hath 
80,yet so that thy children take heed to their way to walk in my law, as thou hast 
79,n her: and the highest himself shall establish her. 
The LORD shall count, when
82,ur consciences. 
For we commend not ourselves again unto you, but give you occasio
77,eart, be acceptable in thy sight, O LORD, my strength, and my redeemer. 
The 
92,, in mount Ebal, and thou shalt plaister them with plaister. 
And there shalt thou build an 
75,heir tents. 
At the commandment of the LORD the children of Israel journeye
103,ughs, and the chestnut trees were not like his branches; nor any tree in the garden of God was like unt
74,vow a vow unto the LORD, and bind herself by a bond, being in her father's
95, sought again to take him: but he escaped out of their hand, 
And went away again beyond Jordan
82,hy great goodness. 
Nevertheless they were disobedient, and rebelled against thee,
78,nd hearken to all my words. 
Behold, now I have opened my mouth, my tongue hat
104,f Ananiah by his house. 
After him repaired Binnui the son of Henadad another piece, from the house of A
104,hy eateth your Master with publicans and sinners? 
But when Jesus heard that, he said unto them, They th
78,ins at the ends, of wreathen work of pure gold. 
And they made two ouches of g
88,ysias the chief captain shall come down, I will know the uttermost of your matter. 
And 
97,nd; and thine eyes shall behold the eyes of the king of Babylon, and he shall speak with thee mou
81,ea, though they have hired among the nations, now will I gather them, and they sh
104,so beareth fruit, and bringeth forth, some an hundredfold, some sixty, some thirty. 
Another parable put
81, heaven, and the most High uttered his voice. 
And he sent out arrows, and scatte
102,ion of Chimham, which is by Bethlehem, to go to enter into Egypt, 
Because of the Chaldeans: for they 
75,ny are the days of thy servant? when wilt thou execute judgment on them tha
74,th them, and confirming the word with signs following. Amen. 
Forasmuch as
97,him that selleth it. 
He that diligently seeketh good procureth favour: but he that seeketh misch
92,rd after you: and your land shall be desolate, and your cities waste. 
Then shall the land e
102,oldest me in mine integrity, and settest me before thy face for ever. 
Blessed be the LORD God of Isra
102,now hath God set the members every one of them in the body, as it hath pleased him. 
And if they were 
98,forth grapes, brought it forth wild grapes? 
And now go to; I will tell you what I will do to my v
108,nd it came to pass in those days, that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus that all the world shoul
78,e hope which is laid up for you in heaven, whereof ye heard before in the word
87,lon: and she bare Miriam, and Shammai, and Ishbah the father of Eshtemoa. 
And his wife
87,. 
And when they began to sing and to praise, the LORD set ambushments against the chil
74, and trembling ye received him. 
I rejoice therefore that I have confidenc
85,ck or an occasion to fall in his brother's way. 
I know, and am persuaded by the Lord
94,ine house, because he is well with thee; 
Then thou shalt take an aul, and thrust it through h
84,s for the western border, ye shall even have the great sea for a border: this shall 
79,on to the wicked. 
The words of Agur the son of Jakeh, even the prophecy: the m
78,ed cities, and thought to win them for himself. 
And when Hezekiah saw that Se
100,as long as the son of Jesse liveth upon the ground, thou shalt not be established, nor thy kingdom. 
101,he people, and set them round about the tabernacle. 
And the LORD came down in a cloud, and spake unt
85,em him; or if he be able, he may redeem himself. 
And he shall reckon with him that b
92,yes in comparison of it as nothing? 
Yet now be strong, O Zerubbabel, saith the LORD; and be
72,e Machir the father of Gilead: 
And Machir took to wife the sister of Hu
104,d the LORD shall bring thee into Egypt again with ships, by the way whereof I spake unto thee, Thou shal
80,told him not that he fled. 
So he fled with all that he had; and he rose up, and
93, and ever: the sceptre of thy kingdom is a right sceptre. 
Thou lovest righteousness, and hat
73,t I wist not whence they were: 
And it came to pass about the time of shu
91,d the eyes of the blind shall see out of obscurity, and out of darkness. 
The meek also sha
89, evil in the eyes of the LORD. 
Howbeit the LORD would not destroy the house of David, be
102, out in the top of every street. 
The precious sons of Zion, comparable to fine gold, how are they est
82,l and harp. 
For the LORD taketh pleasure in his people: he will beautify the meek
84,to do, all the words of this law. 
For it is not a vain thing for you; because it is
94,ny man came nigh to him to do him obeisance, he put forth his hand, and took him, and kissed h
77,h, Manasseh and Ephraim, took their inheritance. 
And the border of the child
77,y: yet will they lean upon the LORD, and say, Is not the LORD among us? none 
75,d the LORD, saying, For he is good; for his mercy endureth for ever: that t
84,thereof. 
Another parable spake he unto them; The kingdom of heaven is like unto lea
75,on is from generation to generation. 
I Nebuchadnezzar was at rest in mine 
97,And he cried, saying, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me. 
And they which went before reb
100,him, he shall be unclean seven days; and all the bed whereon he lieth shall be unclean. 
And if a wo
87,ther unto the LORD to Mizpeh; 
And said unto the children of Israel, Thus saith the LOR
107,o man his righteousness. 
He looketh upon men, and if any say, I have sinned, and perverted that which was 
76,rough the land of the Benjamites, but they found them not. 
And when they we
85,nty basons of gold, of a thousand drams; and two vessels of fine copper, precious as 
85,th; 
Or ministry, let us wait on our ministering: or he that teacheth, on teaching; 

75,ld not speak peaceably unto him. 
And Joseph dreamed a dream, and he told i
85,e mighty, and drink the blood of the princes of the earth, of rams, of lambs, and of 
91,ed unto him the disciples, and embraced them, and departed for to go into Macedonia. 
And w
98,and him that handleth the sickle in the time of harvest: for fear of the oppressing sword they sha
76,e that denieth that Jesus is the Christ? He is antichrist, that denieth the 
86,ast young, thou girdest thyself, and walkedst whither thou wouldest: but when thou sha
77,under persecution: we labour, and have no rest. 
We have given the hand to th
95,from off the wall upon thy servants; and some of the king's servants be dead, and thy servant U
89,lt open thine hand wide unto him, and shalt surely lend him sufficient for his need, in t
95,t the name of Israel may be no more in remembrance. 
For they have consulted together with one 
80, earthquakes in divers places, and there shall be famines and troubles: these ar
100, to pass, when the LORD shall have done to my lord according to all the good that he hath spoken con
83,m into some pit, and we will say, Some evil beast hath devoured him: and we shall s
95,: and Aaron's sons presented unto him the blood, which he sprinkled upon the altar round about,
83,gressed against the LORD thy God, and hast scattered thy ways to the strangers unde
82,ry one taketh before other his own supper: and one is hungry, and another is drunk
88,
The woman saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep: fr
94,o thyself until the morning, and abide in a secret place, and hide thyself: 
And I will go out
101, said the princes and all the people unto the priests and to the prophets; This man is not worthy to 
87, O wheel. 
And every one had four faces: the first face was the face of a cherub, and t
107,neither was there any that could deliver out of his hand; but he did according to his will, and became grea
106,ilt his house upon a rock: 
And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon
83,thee. 
O thou afflicted, tossed with tempest, and not comforted, behold, I will lay
84, works. 
These things speak, and exhort, and rebuke with all authority. Let no man d
82,bones of his princes, and the bones of the priests, and the bones of the prophets,
102,upon thee, for thou wilt hear me, O God: incline thine ear unto me, and hear my speech. 
Shew thy marv
87,to be always great with me. 
Wherefore came I forth out of the womb to see labour and s
89,stroy them together: they have burned up all the synagogues of God in the land. 
We see n
105,d waved it for a wave offering before the LORD: for of the ram of consecration it was Moses' part; as the
101,emembered with the LORD; and let not the sin of his mother be blotted out. 
Let them be before the LO
83,was of one language, and of one speech. 
And it came to pass, as they journeyed fro
86, of Israel: the land is not able to bear all his words. 
For thus Amos saith, Jeroboam
90,heir heads and worshipped. 
And afterward Moses and Aaron went in, and told Pharaoh, Thus 
90,he prophet, and Zechariah the son of Iddo, prophesied unto the Jews that were in Judah and
97,poiled: he hath changed the portion of my people: how hath he removed it from me! turning away he
72,to pass, that every one which sought the LORD went out unto the tabernac
90,, that they might not hear, nor receive instruction. 
And it shall come to pass, if ye dil
98,iots; and let the mighty men come forth; the Ethiopians and the Libyans, that handle the shield; a
82,e it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall try every man's work of what so
86,ll Israel with him, a very great congregation, from the entering in of Hamath unto the
87,that I will go out. And he went out from Pharaoh in a great anger. 
And the LORD said u
103,the years make known; in wrath remember mercy. 
God came from Teman, and the Holy One from mount Paran.
80,usalem, to keep the passover unto the LORD God of Israel. 
For the king had take
92,ndment of the LORD they journeyed: they kept the charge of the LORD, at the commandment of t
80,and looking back, is fit for the kingdom of God. 
After these things the LORD ap
76,not clean, and of fowls, and of every thing that creepeth upon the earth, 
T
102,s branches, his bowls, his knops, and his flowers, shall be of the same. 
And six branches shall come 
96,m upon the altar. 
And he did wash the inwards and the legs, and burnt them upon the burnt offer
104,aker thereof, neither had respect unto him that fashioned it long ago. 
And in that day did the Lord GOD
87,en Abram was come into Egypt, the Egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair. 
T
88,l not suffer their dead bodies to be put in graves. 
And they that dwell upon the earth 
93,into thy hand, as appeareth this day. 
And the LORD said unto me, Behold, I have begun to giv
77, the reign of David. 
And their villages were, Etam, and Ain, Rimmon, and Toc
91, when king Zedekiah sent unto him Pashur the son of Melchiah, and Zephaniah the son of Maas
77,s a burnt offering unto the LORD. 
And they delivered the king's commissions 
86,alem, that watchers come from a far country, and give out their voice against the citi
92,t dwellest upon many waters, abundant in treasures, thine end is come, and the measure of th
86, at Antioch, at Iconium, at Lystra; what persecutions I endured: but out of them all t
107,, that hath joined himself to the LORD, speak, saying, The LORD hath utterly separated me from his people: 
97,oelah, and Zebadiah, the sons of Jeroham of Gedor. 
And of the Gadites there separated themselves
82,; for we are well able to overcome it. 
But the men that went up with him said, We
75, Zion; he will no more carry thee away into captivity: he will visit thine 
97, the Gentiles, for to provoke them to jealousy. 
Now if the fall of them be the riches of the wor
79,r from mount Gilead. 
Thy teeth are like a flock of sheep that are even shorn, 
104,ither hath lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel, neither hath defiled his neighbour's 
105,r, or a witch. 
Or a charmer, or a consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a necromancer. 
For a
102,umour that shall be heard in the land; a rumour shall both come one year, and after that in another ye
73,their captivity, the captivity of Sodom and her daughters, and the captiv
92, God of your fathers make you a thousand times so many more as ye are, and bless you, as he 
101,garments to consecrate him, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office. 
And these are the g
104,d it shall be forgiven him: and the remnant shall be the priest's, as a meat offering. 
And the LORD spa
82,The servant is not greater than his lord. If they have persecuted me, they will al
101, now arise, get thee out from this land, and return unto the land of thy kindred. 
And Rachel and Lea
93, it. 
And though they say, The LORD liveth; surely they swear falsely. 
O LORD, are not thine
94, breasts. 
All their wickedness is in Gilgal: for there I hated them: for the wickedness of th
83,im, but shalt surely fall before him. 
And while they were yet talking with him, ca
88, are many devices in a man's heart; nevertheless the counsel of the LORD, that shall sta
78,to the Philistines? wilt thou deliver them into mine hand? And the LORD said u
91,, and with care; and they shall drink water by measure, and with astonishment: 
That they m
89,ry church. 
Now some are puffed up, as though I would not come to you. 
But I will come t
101, places to burn incense unto other gods, and provoked to anger the LORD God of his fathers. 
Now the 
90,ave left plenty: for the LORD hath blessed his people; and that which is left is this grea
80,k branches of palm trees, and went forth to meet him, and cried, Hosanna: Blesse
86, but the will of the Father which hath sent me. 
If I bear witness of myself, my witne
90,e them: for I the LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon
90,hoiada the son of Paseah, and Meshullam the son of Besodeiah; they laid the beams thereof,
84, did worse than their fathers. 
Therefore thou shalt speak all these words unto them
101,we, our kings, and our priests, been delivered into the hand of the kings of the lands, to the sword,
102,an build upon this foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble; 
Every man's work sha
82,and upon thy servants, and upon thy people, and into thy houses: and the houses of
73,alike, as the roebuck, and as the hart. 
Only thou shalt not eat the bloo
90,or us: 
Therefore let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leaven of m
101,ur fathers have trespassed, and done that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD our God, and have fo
72,, and let them know what the LORD of hosts hath purposed upon Egypt. 
Th
88,maidservant, when they contended with me; 
What then shall I do when God riseth up? and 
91,he came out of him. 
And they were all amazed, insomuch that they questioned among themselv
81,t; be strong for the battle: God shall make thee fall before the enemy: for God h
95,y friend? why wentest thou not with thy friend? 
And Hushai said unto Absalom, Nay; but whom th
92,u shalt put all in the hands of Aaron, and in the hands of his sons; and shalt wave them for
96,erited the land: but we are many; the land is given us for inheritance. 
Wherefore say unto them
93,s house, named Justus, one that worshipped God, whose house joined hard to the synagogue. 
An
101,a man so to be. 
Art thou bound unto a wife? seek not to be loosed. Art thou loosed from a wife? seek
83,ine eyes, but thou shalt not go over thither. 
So Moses the servant of the LORD die
103,vain. 
O foolish Galatians, who hath bewitched you, that ye should not obey the truth, before whose eye
100,nst Ashdod, and took it; 
At the same time spake the LORD by Isaiah the son of Amoz, saying, Go and 
85,e forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you: 
But if y
90,; 
That they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, thoug
96,m: behold, they know what I said. 
And when he had thus spoken, one of the officers which stood 
106,from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Ephraim. 
And by the border of Ephraim, from the east
102, threescore thousand and five hundred. 
The sons of Joseph after their families were Manasseh and Ephr
107,nd the voice of his words like the voice of a multitude. 
And I Daniel alone saw the vision: for the men th
86,s sake. 
And yet indeed she is my sister; she is the daughter of my father, but not th
84, and to gather lilies. 
I am my beloved's, and my beloved is mine: he feedeth among 
74,d have not heard them. 
Hear ye therefore the parable of the sower. 
When 
103,orth, and I will give thee the opening of the mouth in the midst of them; and they shall know that I am
98,rs: now thy shepherds which were with us, we hurt them not, neither was there ought missing unto t
97,countries. 
So Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem, and took away the treasures of th
77,ow that I am God: I will be exalted among the heathen, I will be exalted in t
90,n whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose 
107,with you among the tribes of Israel. 
And it shall come to pass, that in what tribe the stranger sojourneth
90,his word, let timber be pulled down from his house, and being set up, let him be hanged th
73,ets have seen vain and foolish things for thee: and they have not discove
93,which cannot be shaken may remain. 
Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, l
90,one of the multitude answered and said, Master, I have brought unto thee my son, which hat
78,mite all the people that have fought against Jerusalem; Their flesh shall cons
97,God's. 
And they could not take hold of his words before the people: and they marvelled at his an
95,ad not sinned after the similitude of Adam's transgression, who is the figure of him that was t
98,ur likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, an
106,r him in abundance, and for the people that he had with him, and persuaded him to go up with him to Ramoth
96,, he drew out his sword, and would have killed himself, supposing that the prisoners had been fl
84,: for I will bring upon it, even upon Moab, the year of their visitation, saith the 
72,th the LORD, which destroyest all the earth: and I will stretch out mine
105, of them to be bearers of burdens, and fourscore thousand to be hewers in the mountain, and three thousan
87,l. 
At what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, and concerning a kingdom, to plu
92,s. 
For yourselves know how ye ought to follow us: for we behaved not ourselves disorderly a
74,enth lot came out for the tribe of the children of Dan according to their 
90,tions, with his people: for he will avenge the blood of his servants, and will render veng
89,certain disciple named Tabitha, which by interpretation is called Dorcas: this woman was 
94,f the city. 
And when they had set the people, even all the host that was on the north of the 
86, up their voice, and wept again: and Orpah kissed her mother in law; but Ruth clave un
97,is loftiness, and his arrogancy, and his pride, and the haughtiness of his heart. 
I know his wra
105, 
Then said Jesus again unto them, I go my way, and ye shall seek me, and shall die in your sins: whither
93,oversee the vessels, and all the instruments of the sanctuary, and the fine flour, and the wi
75,not shall be damned. 
And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my
102,ream both of them, each man his dream in one night, each man according to the interpretation of his dr
74,, 
Lachish, and Bozkath, and Eglon, 
And Cabbon, and Lahmam, and Kithlish,
92, girded on his sword: and there went up after David about four hundred men; and two hundred 
92,the LORD. 
And ye shall offer with the bread seven lambs without blemish of the first year, 
96, his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem, and turned his name to Jehoiakim. And Necho took Jeh
95,ereupon he promised with an oath to give her whatsoever she would ask. 
And she, being before i
92, brother. 
Then Martha, as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming, went and met him: but Ma
96,now in summer, and as rain in harvest, so honour is not seemly for a fool. 
As the bird by wande
79,t cut off my seed after me, and that thou wilt not destroy my name out of my fa
91,und him before their eyes. 
Then Joseph commanded to fill their sacks with corn, and to res
105, or in the woof, or in any thing of skin; it is a spreading plague: thou shalt burn that wherein the plag
93, into the world: again, I leave the world, and go to the Father. 
His disciples said unto him
108,he scribes and the elders were assembled. 
But Peter followed him afar off unto the high priest's palace, an
97,LORD at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And Aaron shall cast lots upon the two g
106, twoedged sword: and his countenance was as the sun shineth in his strength. 
And when I saw him, I fell a
103, your iniquities I will also cause you to dwell in the cities, and the wastes shall be builded. 
And th
85,ame before the king; for Esther had told what he was unto her. 
And the king took off
97,. 
And if he that hath the issue spit upon him that is clean; then he shall wash his clothes, and
87,t which is wrong; 
Then both the men, between whom the controversy is, shall stand befo
77, hand, and your vows, and your freewill offerings, and the firstlings of your
87,Jerusalem: and it shall be lifted up, and inhabited in her place, from Benjamin's gate 
96,the family of Egypt go not up, and come not, that have no rain; there shall be the plague, where
104,l. 
Then Herod, when he had privily called the wise men, enquired of them diligently what time the star 
72,hiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spiri
103,shall be a day of atonement: it shall be an holy convocation unto you; and ye shall afflict your souls,
81,clamation throughout the host about the going down of the sun, saying, Every man 
103,he hath even cast them off? thus they have despised my people, that they should be no more a nation bef
98,im in Israel. 
Thus David the son of Jesse reigned over all Israel. 
And the time that he reigned 
92, I spare Nineveh, that great city, wherein are more then sixscore thousand persons that cann
79,itted themselves unto Solomon the king. 
And the LORD magnified Solomon exceedi
94,he children of Israel, and he said in the sight of Israel, Sun, stand thou still upon Gibeon; 
94,the tablets, and the earrings, 
The rings, and nose jewels, 
The changeable suits of apparel, 
85,rmy of valiant men of war, even four hundred thousand chosen men: Jeroboam also set t
81,iery serpents, and scorpions, and drought, where there was no water; who brought 
83, the men of the land that is in league, shall fall with them by the sword. 
Thus sa
80,rust ye in the LORD for ever: for in the LORD JEHOVAH is everlasting strength: 

92,roots: and, behold, in this horn were eyes like the eyes of man, and a mouth speaking great 
98,lt do; for evil is determined against our master, and against all his household: for he is such a 
80,er that thou hast taken my husband? and wouldest thou take away my son's mandrak
82,h is abolished: 
But their minds were blinded: for until this day remaineth the sa
74,nding, and I shall live. 
I cried with my whole heart; hear me, O LORD: I 
102,d that ye do not your alms before men, to be seen of them: otherwise ye have no reward of your Father 
94,ynagogue, and reasoned with the Jews. 
When they desired him to tarry longer time with them, h
106,e priests and the Levites, even they shall be with thee for all the service of the house of God: and there
84, wickedly: 
Neither have our kings, our princes, our priests, nor our fathers, kept 
94,the children of Israel. 
And the chief fathers of the families of the children of Gilead, the 
108,or their cattle and for their substance. 
As the LORD commanded Moses, so the children of Israel did, and th
82,that I am the LORD. 
Also, thou son of man, prophesy unto the mountains of Israel,
82,the glede, and the kite, and the vulture after his kind, 
And every raven after hi
106, the other, whether there hath been any such thing as this great thing is, or hath been heard like it? 
Di
83,the LORD himself require it; 
And if we have not rather done it for fear of this th
83,aughty tongue. 
Whoso mocketh the poor reproacheth his Maker: and he that is glad a
88,D, my strength, and my redeemer. 
The LORD hear thee in the day of trouble; the name of 
75,me and enquire of thee, and say, Is there any man here? that thou shalt say
107,refront of them, to go again to Jerusalem with joy; for the LORD had made them to rejoice over their enemie
77, and sent messes unto them from before him: but Benjamin's mess was five time
77,redemption draweth nigh. 
And he spake to them a parable; Behold the fig tree
98,e Galilaeans received him, having seen all the things that he did at Jerusalem at the feast: for t
82,, and I was jealous for her with great fury. 
Thus saith the LORD; I am returned u
104,ach them your children, speaking of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the 
78,of death, for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first t
107,hey might not understand. 
Now the parable is this: The seed is the word of God. 
Those by the way side are
89,o him, Lo, now speakest thou plainly, and speakest no proverb. 
Now are we sure that thou
104, shalt thou do with his ass; and so shalt thou do with his raiment; and with all lost thing of thy broth
100, and to Zechariah, and to Nethaneel, and to Michaiah, to teach in the cities of Judah. 
And with the
83,est: and I will punish them for their ways, and reward them their doings. 
For they
85,LORD. 
For thou, LORD, art high above all the earth: thou art exalted far above all g
100,e established, that thy name may be magnified for ever, saying, The LORD of hosts is the God of Isra
103, my transgressions: according to thy mercy remember thou me for thy goodness' sake, O LORD. 
Good and u
104, and there was a javelin in Saul's hand. 
And Saul cast the javelin; for he said, I will smite David eve
88,hundred sheep, 
And thirty and six thousand beeves, 
And thirty thousand asses and five 
79,me: who would set the briers and thorns against me in battle? I would go throug
78,, nor for his cause that suffered wrong, but that our care for you in the sigh
83,like a thread of scarlet, and thy speech is comely: thy temples are like a piece of
92,D could no longer bear, because of the evil of your doings, and because of the abominations 
89,there is none of you that is sorry for me, or sheweth unto me that my son hath stirred up
73,here. And David said, There is none like that; give it me. 
And David aro
81,e up as clouds, and his chariots shall be as a whirlwind: his horses are swifter 
75,r, and dwelt there. 
And Isaac digged again the wells of water, which they 
80,the temple, a voice of the LORD that rendereth recompence to his enemies. 
Befor
84,rapes? 
And now go to; I will tell you what I will do to my vineyard: I will take aw
77,thren? or shall they be sold unto us? Then held they their peace, and found n
86,ainst us with malicious words: and not content therewith, neither doth he himself rece
104,and greetings in the markets. 
Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are as graves whi
93,the thing which the LORD hath not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it presumptuously: thou
88,tes, and keep my commandments, and do them; 
Then I will give you rain in due season, an
92,icho: and the men of Jericho fought against you, the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the C
94, build it an house in the land of Shinar: and it shall be established, and set there upon her 
92,e house, it is a fretting leprosy in the house; it is unclean. 
And he shall break down the 
93, and unto all the people, Ye are witnesses this day, that I have bought all that was Elimelec
90,me unto the tower, and fought against it, and went hard unto the door of the tower to burn
94, come for ever and ever: 
That this is a rebellious people, lying children, children that will
82,s one: God hath shewed Pharaoh what he is about to do. 
The seven good kine are se
88, for in the thing wherein they dealt proudly he was above them. 
And Jethro, Moses' fath
100,these are the divisions of the sons of Aaron. The sons of Aaron; Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Itha
88,leven apostles. 
And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one ac
87,to the sick of the palsy,) 
I say unto thee, Arise, and take up thy bed, and go thy way
93,n to rebuke him, saying, Be it far from thee, Lord: this shall not be unto thee. 
But he turn
105,ion of Galatia, and were forbidden of the Holy Ghost to preach the word in Asia, 
After they were come to
88,r little ones. 
I will be surety for him; of my hand shalt thou require him: if I bring 
94,l not find me: 
For that they hated knowledge, and did not choose the fear of the LORD: 
They 
104,word, keep it, and bring forth fruit with patience. 
No man, when he hath lighted a candle, covereth it 
90,ah. And they came into the country of Moab, and continued there. 
And Elimelech Naomi's hu
82,Israel. And he said, What ye shall say, that will I do for you. 
And they answered
101,ess, and commit iniquity, all his righteousnesses shall not be remembered; but for his iniquity that 
84,st shewed unto thy servant David my father great mercy, according as he walked befor
98,h remembered his covenant for ever, the word which he commanded to a thousand generations. 
Which 
94,minable and filthy is man, which drinketh iniquity like water? 
I will shew thee, hear me; and
93,e with your own heart upon your bed, and be still. Selah. 
Offer the sacrifices of righteousn
78,ng thing of the earth after his kind, two of every sort shall come unto thee, 
106,w name written, which no man knoweth saving he that receiveth it. 
And unto the angel of the church in Thy
103, mine anger in their destruction. 
And the LORD of hosts shall stir up a scourge for him according to t
78,r of the field: 
The grass withereth, the flower fadeth: because the spirit of
92,ngs are spoken pertaineth to another tribe, of which no man gave attendance at the altar. 
F
83, in the LORD; she drew not near to her God. 
Her princes within her are roaring lio
106,efore, 
I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. 
Let us therefor
81, for another, that ye may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous 
104,, also I continued in the work of this wall, neither bought we any land: and all my servants were gather
97,hosts, and I will remove the iniquity of that land in one day. 
In that day, saith the LORD of ho
94,ehoiada. 
But Jehoiada waxed old, and was full of days when he died; an hundred and thirty yea
87,r white, and there be quick raw flesh in the rising; 
It is an old leprosy in the skin 
77,s disciples came, and took up the body, and buried it, and went and told Jesu
82,D. 
And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereo
91,rd, and admonish you; 
And to esteem them very highly in love for their work's sake. And be
94,sun: 
But if a man live many years, and rejoice in them all; yet let him remember the days of 
79,of the first gate: the length thereof was fifty cubits, and the breadth five an
97,ame by the east side of the land of Moab, and pitched on the other side of Arnon, but came not wi
82,e beasts, and his dwelling was with the wild asses: they fed him with grass like o
105,evil eye, blasphemy, pride, foolishness: 
All these evil things come from within, and defile the man. 
An
84,s finger in the blood, and sprinkle of the blood seven times before the LORD, before
79,be saved. 
Sing aloud unto God our strength: make a joyful noise unto the God o
90,out man and without beast, and in all the cities thereof, shall be an habitation of shephe
89,upon whose roofs they have burned incense unto all the host of heaven, and have poured ou
93,ds of the heathen: and they inherited the labour of the people; 
That they might observe his 
107,merciful men are taken away, none considering that the righteous is taken away from the evil to come. 
He s
73, the LORD said unto Moses the man of God concerning me and thee in Kadesh
91,r maid the Egyptian, after Abram had dwelt ten years in the land of Canaan, and gave her to
83,ach to those things which are for the people. 
Now when he had made an end of measu
78,, Thus saith the LORD; If ye will not hearken to me, to walk in my law, which 
73,ngel of God coming in to him, and saying unto him, Cornelius. 
And when h
83,e bottle with water, and gave the lad drink. 
And God was with the lad; and he grew
98,s unclean: it is a leprosy. 
Or if the raw flesh turn again, and be changed unto white, he shall c
76,the man? call him, that he may eat bread. 
And Moses was content to dwell wi
95,like the beasts that perish. 
The mighty God, even the LORD, hath spoken, and called the earth 
94,ath escaped the sea, yet vengeance suffereth not to live. 
And he shook off the beast into the
72,d. 
And they caught him, and beat him, and sent him away empty. 
And aga
73,nd they builded the sheep gate; they sanctified it, and set up the doors 
73,rmel, and, behold, he set him up a place, and is gone about, and passed o
97,cast off their clothes, and threw dust into the air, 
The chief captain commanded him to be broug
89,the LORD. 
And the king stood in his place, and made a covenant before the LORD, to walk 
94,tanding up. 
Ten cubits shall be the length of a board, and a cubit and a half shall be the br
102,ned to my commandments! then had thy peace been as a river, and thy righteousness as the waves of the 
106,ther blessed him: and Esau said in his heart, The days of mourning for my father are at hand; then will I 
98,t to him that worketh not, but believeth on him that justifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted 
99, from the LORD; and those that have not sought the LORD, nor enquired for him. 
Hold thy peace at t
81, do you no hurt. 
Yet ye have not hearkened unto me, saith the LORD; that ye migh
86,ned. 
The Lord GOD hath opened mine ear, and I was not rebellious, neither turned away
102,y: 
For the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what ye ought to say. 
And one of the company 
99,her have they any more a portion for ever in any thing that is done under the sun. 
Go thy way, eat
105, This is the man, that teacheth all men every where against the people, and the law, and this place: and 
102,nd I am your God, saith the Lord GOD. 
Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man
84,'s father said, Comfort thine heart, I pray thee. And they tarried until afternoon, 
102, disorderly among you; 
Neither did we eat any man's bread for nought; but wrought with labour and tra
77,stling of a sheep, or the firstling of a goat, thou shalt not redeem; they ar
79,h the Lord GOD, that my fury shall come up in my face. 
For in my jealousy and 
92,the matter of Korah. 
And Aaron returned unto Moses unto the door of the tabernacle of the c
107,and the cities about them in like manner, giving themselves over to fornication, and going after strange fl
98,ORD? tell us wherewith we shall send it to his place. 
And they said, If ye send away the ark of t
104,built an house upon the earth; against which the stream did beat vehemently, and immediately it fell; an
85, will shew mine opinion. 
For I am full of matter, the spirit within me constraineth 
92,d over where the young child was. 
When they saw the star, they rejoiced with exceeding grea
88,ed about the matter of Korah. 
And Aaron returned unto Moses unto the door of the tabern
86,mcised, because they had not circumcised them by the way. 
And it came to pass, when t
103,bered them from twenty years old and above, and found them three hundred thousand choice men, able to g
75,flanks, and the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take aw
82, walked with God. 
And Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth. 
The earth a
74,aved by the LORD, the shield of thy help, and who is the sword of thy exce
92,ere was none to part them, but the one smote the other, and slew him. 
And, behold, the whol
79, fast oft, but thy disciples fast not? 
And Jesus said unto them, Can the child
101,e at his birth. 
For he shall be great in the sight of the Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor str
99, the carved images, and the molten images, he brake in pieces, and made dust of them, and strowed i
93,Judah into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, his enemy, and that sought his life. 

75, purple, and scarlet, and twined linen. 
And they made bells of pure gold, 
85,l, according to all the curses of the covenant that are written in this book of the l
105,les witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus: and great grace was upon them all. 
Neither was there 
107,ng: 
The same followed Paul and us, and cried, saying, These men are the servants of the most high God, whi
98,d having on the breastplate of righteousness; 
And your feet shod with the preparation of the gosp
79,and he taught them. 
And as he passed by, he saw Levi the son of Alphaeus sitti
73, man of God. 
And they set the altar upon his bases; for fear was upon th
95,ll the children which did eat the portion of the king's meat. 
Thus Melzar took away the portio
95,s boughs, and the chestnut trees were not like his branches; nor any tree in the garden of God 
103, 
Thou shalt fall upon the open field: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD. 
And I will send a fir
83,
For finding fault with them, he saith, Behold, the days come, saith the Lord, when
86,bull gendereth, and faileth not; their cow calveth, and casteth not her calf. 
They se
90, the Lord Jesus. 
And it came to pass, as they were much perplexed thereabout, behold, two
82,early, and go on your ways. And they said, Nay; but we will abide in the street al
105,the dead bodies, and of the ashes, and all the fields unto the brook of Kidron, unto the corner of the ho
76,sent him again to Pilate. 
And the same day Pilate and Herod were made frien
106,Jeduthun; Gedaliah, and Zeri, and Jeshaiah, Hashabiah, and Mattithiah, six, under the hands of their fathe
99,nth day of the month Adar, and the fifteenth day of the same, yearly, 
As the days wherein the Jews
93, the law of sin which is in my members. 
O wretched man that I am! who shall deliver me from 
97,r of the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation, and offered upon it the burnt offering and t
104,rn you, and take your journey into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea. 
Then ye answered and said 
101,yes, wept with a loud voice; and many shouted aloud for joy: 
So that the people could not discern th
84,ntended with him, 
Saying, Thou wentest in to men uncircumcised, and didst eat with 
80,y said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house
76,me to pass the same night, that the LORD said unto him, Arise, get thee down
74,t is this that he saith unto us, A little while, and ye shall not see me: 
104, that, when Jehu was executing judgment upon the house of Ahab, and found the princes of Judah, and the 
84, against Balaam, and he smote his hands together: and Balak said unto Balaam, I call
72,at swelling words, having men's persons in admiration because of advanta
102,e be full, and drink blood till ye be drunken, of my sacrifice which I have sacrificed for you. 
Thus 
104,rising up early and sending them, saying, Return ye now every man from his evil way, and amend your doin
75,to give the sacrifice of fools: for they consider not that they do evil. 
B
