1000
82,the LORD. 
From the first day of the seventh month began they to offer burnt offer
99,, saying, 
Take the sum of the sons of Kohath from among the sons of Levi, after their families, by
93,e east, over against the separate place, and over against the building. 
And the way before t
93,ing with the blood. And all the people brought every man his ox with him that night, and slew
84,, and Bartholomew; Thomas, and Matthew the publican; James the son of Alphaeus, and 
107,ould have been utterly destroyed, to sacrifice unto the LORD thy God in Gilgal. 
And Samuel said, Hath the 
87,saith the LORD. 
Set thee up waymarks, make thee high heaps: set thine heart toward the
96,peace offerings, and making confession to the LORD God of their fathers. 
And the whole assembly
100,hings from this time, even hidden things, and thou didst not know them. 
They are created now, and n
96,m rose up in the morning, and saddled his ass, and went with the princes of Moab. 
And God's ang
92,a son, and he called his name Solomon: and the LORD loved him. 
And he sent by the hand of N
82, that ye shall soon utterly perish from off the land whereunto ye go over Jordan t
107,h Abib: for in the month Abib thou camest out from Egypt. 
All that openeth the matrix is mine; and every f
94,ring: 
Whiles they see vanity unto thee, whiles they divine a lie unto thee, to bring thee upo
91,e also posts of threescore cubits, even unto the post of the court round about the gate. 
A
87, shall come upon him. 
When he is about to fill his belly, God shall cast the fury of h
83, Edom? 
Wilt not thou, O God, who hast cast us off? and wilt not thou, O God, go fo
108,rung up, and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tares also. 
So the servants of the householder came and
91,n the morning, and builded an altar under the hill, and twelve pillars, according to the tw
89,h, and the fire shall devour them. 
Their fruit shalt thou destroy from the earth, and th
98,, and the sides thereof round about, and the horns of it: also he made unto it a crown of gold rou
104,ut off from thee the righteous and the wicked, therefore shall my sword go forth out of his sheath again
81,and about the time of the sun going down he died. 
And Jehoshaphat the king of Ju
97, congregation before the LORD: where I will meet you, to speak there unto thee. 
And there I will
90,thes also, and prophesied before Samuel in like manner, and lay down naked all that day an
77,hich the LORD hath made; we will rejoice and be glad in it. 
Save now, I bese
72, shall point out your border unto the entrance of Hamath; and the goings
98,; because she overlaid it. 
And she arose at midnight, and took my son from beside me, while thine
80,pass through, it shall not come unto us: for we have made lies our refuge, and u
108, wine that they should drink; and gave them pulse. 
As for these four children, God gave them knowledge and 
88, the fire, that thou mayest be rich; and white raiment, that thou mayest be clothed, and
107,one, that is, God: but if thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments. 
He saith unto him, Which? Jesu
107,in the morning, and gat them up into the top of the mountain, saying, Lo, we be here, and will go up unto t
73,whatsoever goeth upon his paws, among all manner of beasts that go on all
83,us in the way. 
And when they came nigh to Jerusalem, unto Bethphage and Bethany, a
91,e people were distressed,) then the people did hide themselves in caves, and in thickets, a
99,hee to honour, when thou dost embrace her. 
She shall give to thine head an ornament of grace: a cr
106,nd thy sons, and thy daughters, and whatsoever thou hast in the city, bring them out of this place: 
For w
98,nd when he had said these things, he cried, He that hath ears to hear, let him hear. 
And his disc
80,that he is the Son of God. 
But all that heard him were amazed, and said; Is not
84,ptain of the children of Dan shall be Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai. 
And his host,
81,eansed, that call not thou common. 
And this was done three times: and all were d
79, saying, This man is the great power of God. 
And to him they had regard, becau
75,
And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim, 
And Path
97,en good things from you. 
For among my people are found wicked men: they lay wait, as he that set
93,: the heart of the wicked is little worth. 
The lips of the righteous feed many: but fools di
104,Jacob sod pottage: and Esau came from the field, and he was faint: 
And Esau said to Jacob, Feed me, I p
97,of Galatia, and were forbidden of the Holy Ghost to preach the word in Asia, 
After they were com
81,ubims, one wheel by one cherub, and another wheel by another cherub: and the appe
90,h, whatsoever thy soul lusteth after. 
If the place which the LORD thy God hath chosen to 
72,, 
And the pattern of all that he had by the spirit, of the courts of th
85,the possessed of the devils. 
And, behold, the whole city came out to meet Jesus: and
102, shall I do then with Jesus which is called Christ? They all say unto him, Let him be crucified. 
And 
92,s took ye up? And they said, Seven. 
And he said unto them, How is it that ye do not underst
105,be troubled at thy departure. 
For thus saith the Lord GOD; When I shall make thee a desolate city, like 
78,aloes, and cinnamon. 
Come, let us take our fill of love until the morning: le
92,ne, which, when they were come to Antioch, spake unto the Grecians, preaching the LORD Jesus
86, stolen them from the street of Bethshan, where the Philistines had hanged them, when 
79,ey lay down, the men of the city, even the men of Sodom, compassed the house ro
92,shaph, one; 
The king of Taanach, one; the king of Megiddo, one; 
The king of Kedesh, one; t
86,hen distress and anguish cometh upon you. 
Then shall they call upon me, but I will no
101,saying, Arise, take thy wife, and thy two daughters, which are here; lest thou be consumed in the ini
88,unto them, I have meat to eat that ye know not of. 
Therefore said the disciples one to 
105,t ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his 
78,ettle shall be fourteen cubits long and fourteen broad in the four squares the
74,these are they by the way side, where the word is sown; but when they have
87,rd the utmost sea, and his stink shall come up, and his ill savour shall come up, becau
85,on, which shall devour the adversaries. 
He that despised Moses' law died without mer
99,e camp. 
And Moses was wroth with the officers of the host, with the captains over thousands, and c
79,ife whom thou lovest all the days of the life of thy vanity, which he hath give
75, thine asses that were lost three days ago, set not thy mind on them; for t
97,weth near unto the grave, and his life to the destroyers. 
If there be a messenger with him, an i
78,Our fathers had the tabernacle of witness in the wilderness, as he had appoint
78,d in among them, and with them partakest of the root and fatness of the olive 
86,his saying, and it was hid from them, that they perceived it not: and they feared to a
95,hall see: and they that have not heard shall understand. 
For which cause also I have been much
96,ured out, will I rule over you: 
And I will bring you out from the people, and will gather you o
87,ved that the LORD had established him king over Israel, and that he had exalted his kin
105,ver you from his hand. 
And I will shew mercies unto you, that he may have mercy upon you, and cause you 
94,my bed in the darkness. 
I have said to corruption, Thou art my father: to the worm, Thou art 
98,hey made thine oars; the company of the Ashurites have made thy benches of ivory, brought out of t
75,d he brought him to Jerusalem, and set him on a pinnacle of the temple, and
76,he side of Ekron northward: and the border was drawn to Shicron, and passed 
78,right hand and on his left. 
And the LORD said, Who shall persuade Ahab, that 
77,n my mind to build an house unto the name of the LORD my God: 
But the word o
82,athan the son of Achbor, and certain men with him into Egypt. 
And they fetched fo
76,ory and honour are in his presence; strength and gladness are in his place. 
96,ebuke of thy God. 
Therefore hear now this, thou afflicted, and drunken, but not with wine: 
Thu
104, her two daughters in law, Go, return each to her mother's house: the LORD deal kindly with you, as ye h
74,h he taketh under the sun? 
One generation passeth away, and another gener
100,ut throughout all the provinces: for this man Mordecai waxed greater and greater. 
Thus the Jews smo
102,heart be also. 
Let your loins be girded about, and your lights burning; 
And ye yourselves like unto 
107, plant vineyards, and eat the fruit of them. 
They shall not build, and another inhabit; they shall not pla
105,hall his substance continue, neither shall he prolong the perfection thereof upon the earth. 
He shall no
85,eart: 
So shalt thou find favour and good understanding in the sight of God and man. 
99,ORD God of their fathers. 
So they strengthened the kingdom of Judah, and made Rehoboam the son of 
94,o the banqueting house, and his banner over me was love. 
Stay me with flagons, comfort me wit
108,not I serve with thee for Rachel? wherefore then hast thou beguiled me? 
And Laban said, It must not be so d
89,ildren of Judah carry away captive, and brought them unto the top of the rock, and cast t
107,tterance, to speak the mystery of Christ, for which I am also in bonds: 
That I may make it manifest, as I 
106, set it far from them. 
And I will give it into the hands of the strangers for a prey, and to the wicked o
96, away. 
Reprobate silver shall men call them, because the LORD hath rejected them. 
The word tha
72,rd of the LORD among the servants of Pharaoh made his servants and his c
78,estranged from me through their idols. 
Therefore say unto the house of Israel
85,ill I do unto thee: thou shalt be desolate, O mount Seir, and all Idumea, even all of
84,gues wonderful, and the plagues of thy seed, even great plagues, and of long continu
99,face of an angel. 
Then said the high priest, Are these things so? 
And he said, Men, brethren, and
106, the officers of the children of Israel came and cried unto Pharaoh, saying, Wherefore dealest thou thus w
94, men in destruction and perdition. 
For the love of money is the root of all evil: which while
107, of Babylon, there we sat down, yea, we wept, when we remembered Zion. 
We hanged our harps upon the willow
78,here came from the ruler of the synagogue's house certain which said, Thy daug
87,n of thy children. 
When I thought to know this, it was too painful for me; 
Until I we
99, LORD hath commanded. 
And Moses diligently sought the goat of the sin offering, and, behold, it wa
89,ngs, yea, the deep things of God. 
For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spi
107,y thee, upon me, and slay me: for anguish is come upon me, because my life is yet whole in me. 
So I stood 
80,my trust: how say ye to my soul, Flee as a bird to your mountain? 
For, lo, the 
103, midst. 
And when Jesus had cried with a loud voice, he said, Father, into thy hands I commend my spiri
100, 
But I say unto you, That Elias is come already, and they knew him not, but have done unto him what
73,el, whereon they set down the ark of the LORD: which stone remaineth unto
92,shall be unto him for a prey. 
For I have set my face against this city for evil, and not fo
92,hee I have run through a troop; and by my God have I leaped over a wall. 
As for God, his wa
91,called his name Solomon: and the LORD loved him. 
And he sent by the hand of Nathan the pro
81,at times in the camp of Dan between Zorah and Eshtaol. 
And Samson went down to T
86, a lie unto you in my name; Behold, I will deliver them into the hand of Nebuchadrezza
75,Then answered the Jews and said unto him, What sign shewest thou unto us, s
101, of thy dogs in the same. 
They have seen thy goings, O God; even the goings of my God, my King, in t
103,shall be very grievous. 
And for that the dream was doubled unto Pharaoh twice; it is because the thing
72,scribes questioning with them. 
And straightway all the people, when the
72,the townclerk had appeased the people, he said, Ye men of Ephesus, what 
100,ngeance, that all things which are written may be fulfilled. 
But woe unto them that are with child,
97,your fingers with iniquity; your lips have spoken lies, your tongue hath muttered perverseness. 

74,th gravel. 
Every purpose is established by counsel: and with good advice 
98,, saying, Who is this? 
And the multitude said, This is Jesus the prophet of Nazareth of Galilee. 
102, thee. 
Who is a God like unto thee, that pardoneth iniquity, and passeth by the transgression of the 
77, the revenger of blood find him without the borders of the city of his refuge
91, until the evening. 
And it came to pass at the time of the going down of the sun, that Jos
89,er, and understand together, that the hand of the LORD hath done this, and the Holy One o
102,shall be grinding at the mill; the one shall be taken, and the other left. 
Watch therefore: for ye kn
105,d after the sop Satan entered into him. Then said Jesus unto him, That thou doest, do quickly. 
Now no ma
93,is house to be broken through. 
Be ye therefore ready also: for the Son of man cometh at an h
107, immortality, dwelling in the light which no man can approach unto; whom no man hath seen, nor can see: to 
96, bring thee in, to give thee their land for an inheritance, as it is this day. 
Know therefore t
108, and an hundred cubits broad, foursquare; and the altar that was before the house. 
And he brought me to the
85,blamed. 
For before that certain came from James, he did eat with the Gentiles: but w
92,ean. 
And if any part of their carcase fall upon any sowing seed which is to be sown, it sha
78,name of a disciple, verily I say unto you, he shall in no wise lose his reward
106,so I received letters unto the brethren, and went to Damascus, to bring them which were there bound unto J
78,o or three witnesses shall every word be established. 
I told you before, and 
89,u didst not utterly consume them, nor forsake them; for thou art a gracious and merciful 
85,fidence of boasting. 
Seeing that many glory after the flesh, I will glory also. 
For
93,ery. 
They conceive mischief, and bring forth vanity, and their belly prepareth deceit. 
Then
76,od? 
Come, and let us sell him to the Ishmeelites, and let not our hand be u
84,e hath been a prophet among them. 
And thou, son of man, be not afraid of them, neit
78,y unto you, What mean ye by this service? 
That ye shall say, It is the sacrif
92,en men, and women, and children, and the king's daughters, and every person that Nebuzaradan
73,iquity. 
If I be wicked, woe unto me; and if I be righteous, yet will I n
92, 
And the LORD hath blessed my master greatly; and he is become great: and he hath given him
75,arts, and the cities of the nations fell: and great Babylon came in remembr
84,ment and sorrow give her: for she saith in her heart, I sit a queen, and am no widow
99,l the cities of the Hivites, and of the Canaanites: and they went out to the south of Judah, even t
85, sluggard? when wilt thou arise out of thy sleep? 
Yet a little sleep, a little slumb
91,ut cisterns, broken cisterns, that can hold no water. 
Is Israel a servant? is he a homebor
91,Zion. 
We have heard the fame thereof: our hands wax feeble: anguish hath taken hold of us,
106, dost thou steal? 
Thou that sayest a man should not commit adultery, dost thou commit adultery? thou that
105,hets and all the people heard Jeremiah speaking these words in the house of the LORD. 
Now it came to pas
72,ner of ware, and sold on the sabbath unto the children of Judah, and in 
72,iada and his sons anointed him, and said, God save the king. 
Now when A
90,eir minds, and said that he was a god. 
In the same quarters were possessions of the chief
89,when the children of thy people shall speak unto thee, saying, Wilt thou not shew us what
86,s of the house of the forest of Lebanon were of pure gold: none were of silver; it was
103,et before them. 
If thou buy an Hebrew servant, six years he shall serve: and in the seventh he shall g
98,of Israel. What is the transgression of Jacob? is it not Samaria? and what are the high places of 
90,ry man to his inheritance. 
In those days there was no king in Israel: every man did that 
76,eople, even the people of war that were with him, went up, and drew nigh, an
95, poor, together. 
My mouth shall speak of wisdom; and the meditation of my heart shall be of un
91,he Shuhamites, according to those that were numbered of them, were threescore and four thou
77,he son of Lamech, 
Which was the son of Mathusala, which was the son of Enoch
82,e will go with thee into thy lot. So Simeon went with him. 
And Judah went up; and
91, rivers, and to the valleys, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I have spoken in my jealousy 
74,s among themselves, Whither will he go, that we shall not find him? will h
84,ph, of Heman, of Jeduthun, with their sons and their brethren, being arrayed in whit
82,is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. 
And Jesus went out, and departed from 
94,nasseh; and he dwelt therein. 
And Jair the son of Manasseh went and took the small towns ther
74,t them away: and they went unto their tents. 
Now to the one half of the t
104,hrough their word; 
That they all may be one; as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also 
82, and with wizards: he wrought much evil in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him t
96,t is thy name, that when thy sayings come to pass we may do thee honour? 
And the angel of the L
105,e well? And they said, He is well: and, behold, Rachel his daughter cometh with the sheep. 
And he said, 
78,be not warned; if the sword come, and take any person from among them, he is t
101,us walk in the light of the LORD. 
Therefore thou hast forsaken thy people the house of Jacob, becaus
82,he work of my hands, and Israel mine inheritance. 
In the year that Tartan came un
100, work before him. 
He shall feed his flock like a shepherd: he shall gather the lambs with his arm, 
99,orning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy? 
Or who shut up the sea with d
90,gold of fifty shekels weight, then I coveted them, and took them; and, behold, they are hi
97,eserveth wrath for his enemies. 
The LORD is slow to anger, and great in power, and will not at a
75,
Now in the place where he was crucified there was a garden; and in the gar
73,for you mount Hor: 
From mount Hor ye shall point out your border unto th
77,eth up to the entry of the north gate, were two tables; and on the other side
107,ean: nevertheless it shall be purified with the water of separation: and all that abideth not the fire ye s
90, as the smoke of a great furnace; and the sun and the air were darkened by reason of the s
89,ame to pass in the mean while, that the heaven was black with clouds and wind, and there 
84, in it, and cut them with saws, and with harrows of iron, and with axes. Even so dea
92, field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith. 
And when Hadad wa
97,e ninth hour I prayed in my house, and, behold, a man stood before me in bright clothing, 
And sa
74,, the son of Colhozeh, the son of Hazaiah, the son of Adaiah, the son of J
90,thers and the sons together, saith the LORD: I will not pity, nor spare, nor have mercy, b
100,rent their clothes: 
And they spake unto all the company of the children of Israel, saying, The land
92, David had prepared in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite. 
And he began to build in t
99,s house certain which said, Thy daughter is dead: why troublest thou the Master any further? 
As so
92,is turned away, and thou comfortedst me. 
Behold, God is my salvation; I will trust, and not
73,send. 
And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Moses, and he said, 
80,lay skilfully with a loud noise. 
For the word of the LORD is right; and all his
102,r there the ship was to unlade her burden. 
And finding disciples, we tarried there seven days: who sa
76,y ministered before the dwelling place of the tabernacle of the congregation
107,y therein. 
These wait all upon thee; that thou mayest give them their meat in due season. 
That thou gives
72,en brought up with Herod the tetrarch, and Saul. 
As they ministered to 
79,ith travail and vexation of spirit. 
Then I returned, and I saw vanity under th
107,arvest. 
Go your ways: behold, I send you forth as lambs among wolves. 
Carry neither purse, nor scrip, nor
86,on, and said, Is this your younger brother, of whom ye spake unto me? And he said, God
89,ent to one target. 
And he made three hundred shields of beaten gold; three pound of gold
75,the congregation to minister unto them? 
And he hath brought thee near to h
78,ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall a
95,is found a truth. 
And his inward affection is more abundant toward you, whilst he remembereth 
77, with him unto them that be slain with the sword; and they that were his arm,
78,he word of the LORD, O Zedekiah king of Judah; Thus saith the LORD of thee, Th
93,e, because thou hast gone a whoring after the heathen, and because thou art polluted with the
99, were naked; (for Aaron had made them naked unto their shame among their enemies:) 
Then Moses stoo
82,ings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed: and
92,f are made white. 
Lament like a virgin girded with sackcloth for the husband of her youth. 
83,because she hath not performed the commandment of the king Ahasuerus by the chamber
101,n, that he was a prophet indeed. 
And they answered and said unto Jesus, We cannot tell. And Jesus an
99,linen, shalt thou make it. 
Foursquare it shall be being doubled; a span shall be the length thereo
96,ud, crieth: and the cries of them which have reaped are entered into the ears of the Lord of sab
99,d Pharaoh spake unto Joseph, saying, Thy father and thy brethren are come unto thee: 
The land of E
98,th, which is in the end of his field; for as much money as it is worth he shall give it me for a p
104, the other, they let them go. 
And the brethren immediately sent away Paul and Silas by night unto Berea
107,beast, which was diverse from all the others, exceeding dreadful, whose teeth were of iron, and his nails o
88, and gather after the reapers among the sheaves: so she came, and hath continued even fr
92,owels slew him there with the sword. 
Thus the LORD saved Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Je
85,ut when they sought to lay hands on him, they feared the multitude, because they took
97,f a man, that is, of the angel. 
And the building of the wall of it was of jasper: and the city w
84,ayer of the upright is his delight. 
The way of the wicked is an abomination unto th
77,e put to death. 
Then Isaac sowed in that land, and received in the same year
107,ou. 
Verily, verily, I say unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord; neither he that is sent grea
101,d, behold, thou art taken in thy mischief, because thou art a bloody man. 
Then said Abishai the son 
88,h Hazael king of Syria. And Azariah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to see Je
108,he king of Babylon had carried away, and came again to Jerusalem and to Judah, every one unto his city; 
Who
108,it, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit. 
Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoke
97,arisees went out, and held a council against him, how they might destroy him. 
But when Jesus kne
89,ccomplished, he departed to his own house. 
And after those days his wife Elisabeth conce
76,old, with them that go down to the pit, that thou be not inhabited; and I sh
87,and the unclean spirit to pass out of the land. 
And it shall come to pass, that when a
78,eceive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may be also. 
And whither I 
75,wn me, ye should have known my Father also. 
These words spake Jesus in the
103,m: 
And lo a voice from heaven, saying, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased. 
Then was Je
81,eth afore it groweth up: 
Wherewith the mower filleth not his hand; nor he that b
101, let thy saints shout for joy. 
For thy servant David's sake turn not away the face of thine anointed
84,ou shalt take of the water of the river, and pour it upon the dry land: and the wate
87,my father's house. 
And David sware unto Saul. And Saul went home; but David and his me
89,for the flesh, all that be clean shall eat thereof. 
But the soul that eateth of the fles
106,el. 
And Bethuel begat Rebekah: these eight Milcah did bear to Nahor, Abraham's brother. 
And his concubin
95, am as a sparrow alone upon the house top. 
Mine enemies reproach me all the day; and they that
104,rebukable, until the appearing of our Lord Jesus Christ: 
Which in his times he shall shew, who is the b
106, eighteen years, all the children of Israel that were on the other side Jordan in the land of the Amorites
77, thou shalt do unto them to hallow them, to minister unto me in the priest's 
100, much gold, and precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed with him of all that
76, our souls before the LORD. 
And Moses and Eleazar the priest took the gold 
99,s whereon the shewbread was set; 
Moreover the candlesticks with their lamps, that they should burn
87,eve on him that raised up Jesus our Lord from the dead; 
Who was delivered for our offe
102,
They compassed me about; yea, they compassed me about: but in the name of the LORD I will destroy the
97,inst the wall. 
And when Abigail saw David, she hasted, and lighted off the ass, and fell before 
93,e mountains. 
And it came to pass at the end of two months, that she returned unto her father
104,. 
Arise, O LORD; let not man prevail: let the heathen be judged in thy sight. 
Put them in fear, O LORD
102,And how dieth the wise man? as the fool. 
Therefore I hated life; because the work that is wrought und
93,ckslidings are many; we have sinned against thee. 
O the hope of Israel, the saviour thereof 
84,the son of Enan. 
Thus were the journeyings of the children of Israel according to t
108,versight of all the tabernacle, and of all that therein is, in the sanctuary, and in the vessels thereof. 
A
80,of righteousness for his name's sake. 
Yea, though I walk through the valley of 
107, days. 
And then if any man shall say to you, Lo, here is Christ; or, lo, he is there; believe him not: 
Fo
80,
And it came to pass, when he had been there a long time, that Abimelech king of
107, thy God hardened his spirit, and made his heart obstinate, that he might deliver him into thy hand, as app
100,t been here, my brother had not died. 
But I know, that even now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, G
107,sk him any question at all. 
And he said unto them, How say they that Christ is David's son? 
And David him
78,n, and cast in the principal wheat and the appointed barley and the rie in the
99,as every man had need. 
And they, continuing daily with one accord in the temple, and breaking brea
103,ld. 
And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in Timnathserah, which is in mount Ephraim, o
82,generation, and said, It is a people that do err in their heart, and they have not
82,ir resemblance through all the earth. 
And, behold, there was lifted up a talent o
77,the children of Israel were come out of the land of Egypt, in the first day o
103, I have called, and ye refused; I have stretched out my hand, and no man regarded; 
But ye have set at 
79, behalf, that ye may have somewhat to answer them which glory in appearance, an
74,le. 
And Joshua rose up early in the morning, and numbered the people, and
91,ee; for to the intent that I might shew them unto thee art thou brought hither: declare all
82,e tribe of Gad, and out of the tribe of Zebulun, twelve cities. 
And the children 
103,use, and spoil his goods, except he will first bind the strong man; and then he will spoil his house. 

86, have it so: and what will ye do in the end thereof? 
O ye children of Benjamin, gathe
83, the chief of the house of the father of the families of Merari was Zuriel the son 
98,r them his covenant, and repented according to the multitude of his mercies. 
He made them also to
89,e chambers were toward the place that was left, one door toward the north, and another do
88,ant as an armed man. 
A naughty person, a wicked man, walketh with a froward mouth. 
He 
82,the tabret, and pipe, and wine, are in their feasts: but they regard not the work 
94, the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering: 
One gol
77, shall this be in the heart of the prophets that prophesy lies? yea, they are
75,er any thing hid, that shall not be known and come abroad. 
Take heed there
86, for henceforth there shall no more come into thee the uncircumcised and the unclean. 
87,ye shall speak. 
For it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speak
91, war: for God commanded me to make haste: forbear thee from meddling with God, who is with 
94,man. And immediately the cock crew. 
And Peter remembered the word of Jesus, which said unto h
93,he beauty of holiness. 
The voice of the LORD is upon the waters: the God of glory thundereth
100,said unto me, (the queen also sitting by him,) For how long shall thy journey be? and when wilt thou
100,th the altar? 
Even so hath the Lord ordained that they which preach the gospel should live of the g
95,y shall not be known in the land by reason of that famine following; for it shall be very griev
98,rovided for it. 
Thou waterest the ridges thereof abundantly: thou settlest the furrows thereof: t
77,ite, cast out first the beam out of thine own eye, and then shalt thou see cl
95,camels: let the same be the woman whom the LORD hath appointed out for my master's son. 
And be
100, dust: for thy dew is as the dew of herbs, and the earth shall cast out the dead. 
Come, my people, 
82,ttom of the altar of the burnt offering, which is at the door of the tabernacle of
81,ogether unto Shushan the palace, to the custody of Hegai, that Esther was brought
95,d to burn incense: and while he was wroth with the priests, the leprosy even rose up in his for
91,bits, and the breadth thereof six cubits: he set it up in the plain of Dura, in the provinc
97,r to the river that runneth to Ahava; and there abode we in tents three days: and I viewed the pe
88,er the whole realm. 
Then the presidents and princes sought to find occasion against Dan
80,d the disciple standing by, whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, beho
75,ver them: wherefore should they say among the people, Where is their God? 

98, be set on thy table should be full of fatness. 
But thou hast fulfilled the judgment of the wicke
94,rs, which are here; lest thou be consumed in the iniquity of the city. 
And while he lingered,
86,part to set riders upon them. 
How then wilt thou turn away the face of one captain of
100,th, and shall sit down in the kingdom of God. 
And, behold, there are last which shall be first, and
86,death. 
And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake
74, and feet was I to the lame. 
I was a father to the poor: and the cause wh
104,e the king of Judah: 
Because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, that they 
98,ered her iniquities. 
Reward her even as she rewarded you, and double unto her double according to
108, six hundred, keeping the charge of the sanctuary. 
The families of the sons of Kohath shall pitch on the si
101,g the well which they had digged, and said unto him, We have found water. 
And he called it Shebah: t
98,so did in Jerusalem: and many of the saints did I shut up in prison, having received authority fro
89,he son of Jesse said, and the man who was raised up on high, the anointed of the God of J
74,RIGHTEOUSNESS. 
Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that the
72,anity. 
What profit hath a man of all his labour which he taketh under t
99,ht in the word communicate unto him that teacheth in all good things. 
Be not deceived; God is not 
104,e tower of Shechem died also, about a thousand men and women. 
Then went Abimelech to Thebez, and encamp
99,Peter answering said, The Christ of God. 
And he straitly charged them, and commanded them to tell 
98,anger, and the fatherless, and the widow, that are within thy gates. 
Seven days shalt thou keep a
106, not be eaten of. 
But in the fourth year all the fruit thereof shall be holy to praise the LORD withal. 

88,has, the son of Eli, the LORD's priest in Shiloh, wearing an ephod. And the people knew 
100,doms were moved: he uttered his voice, the earth melted. 
The LORD of hosts is with us; the God of J
99,ia. 
Wherefore? because I love you not? God knoweth. 
But what I do, that I will do, that I may cut
77,t upon him. 
This is the law, when a man dieth in a tent: all that come into 
73, What thinkest thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not? 
B
80,r fathers. 
And Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of 
78,d proclaim these words toward the north, and say, Return, thou backsliding Isr
92,Heber the father of Socho, and Jekuthiel the father of Zanoah. And these are the sons of Bit
84,full of extortion and excess. 
Thou blind Pharisee, cleanse first that which is with
106,
Mishma, and Dumah, Massa, Hadad, and Tema, 
Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah. These are the sons of Ishmael. 

97,d all the people that were with him assembled themselves, and they came to the battle: and, behol
96,ighty and seven years, and begat Lamech. 
And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundr
90,thy name for ever? 
Why withdrawest thou thy hand, even thy right hand? pluck it out of th
102,ed into the holy places made with hands, which are the figures of the true; but into heaven itself, no
99,helemiah, and Pashur the son of Malchiah, heard the words that Jeremiah had spoken unto all the peo
75,e gods there is none like unto thee, O Lord; neither are there any works li
90, sea, when it cannot rest, whose waters cast up mire and dirt. 
There is no peace, saith m
76,ation of God for ever; 
Because they met not the children of Israel with bre
83,ome to the hill of God, where is the garrison of the Philistines: and it shall come
105, your tribulations; and ye have said unto him, Nay, but set a king over us. Now therefore present yoursel
101,of their iniquity, according to the number of the days, three hundred and ninety days: so shalt thou 
78,ecute judgments among you. 
Ye shall fall by the sword; I will judge you in th
74, O king Agrippa, that, after examination had, I might have somewhat to wri
108,yea, their stock shall not take root in the earth: and he shall also blow upon them, and they shall wither, 
76,d while he yet spake, lo, Judas, one of the twelve, came, and with him a gre
107,hither unto the work. 
Moreover there were at my table an hundred and fifty of the Jews and rulers, beside 
107, grace hath been shewed from the LORD our God, to leave us a remnant to escape, and to give us a nail in hi
92, before all the house of my father to be king over Israel for ever: for he hath chosen Judah
101, thee, and thou dost dwell among scorpions: be not afraid of their words, nor be dismayed at their lo
89,wellbeloved Gaius, whom I love in the truth. 
Beloved, I wish above all things that thou 
91,spel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the c
77,k to Shaphan. 
And Shaphan carried the book to the king, and brought the king
79, 
As soon as ye be come into the city, ye shall straightway find him, before he
89,from the LORD, as the showers upon the grass, that tarrieth not for man, nor waiteth for 
83,e will be wroth with the whole congregation of Israel. 
Notwithstanding, if the lan
103,gainst him a railing accusation, but said, The Lord rebuke thee. 
But these speak evil of those things 
90,s sake. 
And it shall turn to you for a testimony. 
Settle it therefore in your hearts, no
82,g thee into my mother's house, who would instruct me: I would cause thee to drink 
106,ruelty. 
I had fainted, unless I had believed to see the goodness of the LORD in the land of the living. 

78,ng to war against me: the LORD the Judge be judge this day between the childre
108, and then I go unto him that sent me. 
Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye c
95, there is no truth, nor mercy, nor knowledge of God in the land. 
By swearing, and lying, and k
76, by all means keep this feast that cometh in Jerusalem: but I will return ag
79,ither hast thou honoured me with thy sacrifices. I have not caused thee to serv
85, bought, they sold, they planted, they builded; 
But the same day that Lot went out o
82, the land of the Chaldeans, and they that are thrust through in her streets. 
For 
72,fore him. 
He that hath the bride is the bridegroom: but the friend of t
98,LORD; for thou hast lifted me up, and hast not made my foes to rejoice over me. 
O LORD my God, I 
89,t he shall come into the camp, and shall tarry abroad out of his tent seven days. 
But it
99,at the sound of the organ. 
They spend their days in wealth, and in a moment go down to the grave. 
106, before me for ever. 
Thus saith the LORD; If heaven above can be measured, and the foundations of the ear
75,rom thy youth, that thou obeyedst not my voice. 
The wind shall eat up all 
102, the Spirit suffered them not. 
And they passing by Mysia came down to Troas. 
And a vision appeared t
80,loved Jacob. 
And Jacob sod pottage: and Esau came from the field, and he was fa
74,nclean and the clean, and between the beast that may be eaten and the beas
79, I command thee to speak unto them; diminish not a word: 
If so be they will he
91,hreescore and six talents of gold, 
Beside that he had of the merchantmen, and of the traff
101,ommandment: notwithstanding I have spoken unto you, rising early and speaking; but ye hearkened not u
102, well, and drank thereof himself, and his children, and his cattle? 
Jesus answered and said unto her,
85,s into thine hand, and thou shalt destroy their name from under heaven: there shall n
89,fied; that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all the work of thine hand which thou doest
88,ionoth. 
O LORD, I have heard thy speech, and was afraid: O LORD, revive thy work in the
88, offering; the fat that covereth the inwards, and all the fat that is upon the inwards, 
98, to whom be honour and power everlasting. Amen. 
Charge them that are rich in this world, that the
76,rebuked them. 
But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Suffer little child
75,D: but the prayer of the upright is his delight. 
The way of the wicked is 
80,unger sister fairer than she? take her, I pray thee, instead of her. 
And Samson
83,d thee? testify against me. 
For I brought thee up out of the land of Egypt, and re
92,, and present them before Aaron the priest, that they may minister unto him. 
And they shall
101, commandment to his accusers also to say before thee what they had against him. Farewell. 
Then the s
83,ll the fair young virgins unto Shushan the palace, to the house of the women, unto 
89,rong drink; and to morrow shall be as this day, and much more abundant. 
The righteous pe
94,at is not cleansed, nor rained upon in the day of indignation. 
There is a conspiracy of her p
82,s father David, and sought not unto Baalim; 
But sought to the Lord God of his fat
96,nagogues, and the chief rooms at feasts; 
Which devour widows' houses, and for a shew make long 
108,Jacob: and he went to Padanaram unto Laban, son of Bethuel the Syrian, the brother of Rebekah, Jacob's and E
97,e thee in all thy gates throughout all thy land, which the LORD thy God hath given thee. 
And tho
95,the Father in my name, he may give it you. 
These things I command you, that ye love one anothe
86,, according to the number of their account by the hand of Jeiel the scribe and Maaseia
73,goeth on still in his trespasses. 
The Lord said, I will bring again from
108,ead, when she had pierced and stricken through his temples. 
At her feet he bowed, he fell, he lay down: at 
108,od, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Wherefore receive ye one another, as Christ also received us 
97,l things, my brethren, swear not, neither by heaven, neither by the earth, neither by any other o
96,to all the children of the captivity, that they should gather themselves together unto Jerusalem
79,
And she had a sister called Mary, which also sat at Jesus' feet, and heard his
96,st month at even in the wilderness of Sinai: according to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so 
80,hold, I will save thee from afar off, and thy seed from the land of their captiv
99,aniah the son of Micha, the son of Zabdi, the son of Asaph, was the principal to begin the thanksgi
101,of this people as in the former days, saith the LORD of hosts. 
For the seed shall be prosperous; the
74,hall live among the heathen. 
Rejoice and be glad, O daughter of Edom, tha
95,hy ways, so long as they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers. 
Moreover concern
108,ather, and given them to me. 
And it came to pass at the time that the cattle conceived, that I lifted up mi
104,s blind, said, Is not this he that sat and begged? 
Some said, This is he: others said, He is like him: 
103,ORD sent thunder and rain that day: and all the people greatly feared the LORD and Samuel. 
And all the
77,st: thou shalt leave them unto the poor, and to the stranger: I am the LORD y
79, thereof, according to these measures: and there were windows in it and in the 
86,ught thee forth out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage. 
Thou shalt fear 
77,s, and according to the fruit of his doings: 
Which hast set signs and wonder
103,committed her whoredoms with them, with all them that were the chosen men of Assyria, and with all on w
98,dren of Israel out of his land. 
And I will harden Pharaoh's heart, and multiply my signs and my w
88,l manner of disease among the people. 
And his fame went throughout all Syria: and they 
91,n thou shalt eat bread without scarceness, thou shalt not lack any thing in it; a land whos
83,iness was turned in me into corruption, and I retained no strength. 
Yet heard I th
104,n; and thou hast said, I will give them flesh, that they may eat a whole month. 
Shall the flocks and th
96,d she was a widow: and much people of the city was with her. 
And when the Lord saw her, he had 
85,t thy right hand, and thine arm, and the light of thy countenance, because thou hadst
86,shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me; him shall ye
87,ark. 
And I made an ark of shittim wood, and hewed two tables of stone like unto the fi
78,unto them; he shined forth from mount Paran, and he came with ten thousands of
99,? let them rise up and help you, and be your protection. 
See now that I, even I, am he, and there 
91,mountains: truly in the LORD our God is the salvation of Israel. 
For shame hath devoured t
96,lf, and awake to my judgment, even unto my cause, my God and my Lord. 
Judge me, O LORD my God, 
90, three rows, and light was against light in three ranks. 
And all the doors and posts were
86, in the multitude of thy mighty men. 
Therefore shall a tumult arise among thy people,
86,tched out still. 
Woe unto them that decree unrighteous decrees, and that write grievo
100,y, with cheerfulness. 
Let love be without dissimulation. Abhor that which is evil; cleave to that w
82, among themselves, saying, It is because we have taken no bread. 
Which when Jesus
104,ne under the sun: and behold the tears of such as were oppressed, and they had no comforter; and on the 
85,eathen that the LORD reigneth: the world also shall be established that it shall not 
90,glory, when there came such a voice to him from the excellent glory, This is my beloved So
90,r to do whatsoever thy hand and thy counsel determined before to be done. 
And now, Lord, 
77,ntly and in order. 
Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I
87,o the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon. 
Therefore I say unto
84,y did cleanse it with the bullock. 
When thou hast made an end of cleansing it, thou
80,eir bones under the oak in Jabesh, and fasted seven days. 
So Saul died for his 
75,uity. 
And the flesh that toucheth any unclean thing shall not be eaten; it
87,hich I commanded thee to hide there. 
Then I went to Euphrates, and digged, and took th
96,shall there be any remembrance of things that are to come with those that shall come after. 
I t
106,Israel stripped themselves of their ornaments by the mount Horeb. 
And Moses took the tabernacle, and pitc
81,o sin, to provoke me to anger with their sins; 
Behold, I will take away the post
91,him out. 
Jesus heard that they had cast him out; and when he had found him, he said unto h
106, out, they went into the herd of swine: and, behold, the whole herd of swine ran violently down a steep pl
77,ith milk, and fitly set. 
His cheeks are as a bed of spices, as sweet flowers
80,were a day's journey on the other side, round about the camp, and as it were two
85,forsaken me? 
Some of them that stood there, when they heard that, said, This man cal
91,he spirit, of the courts of the house of the LORD, and of all the chambers round about, of 
86,be glad also with exceeding joy. 
If ye be reproached for the name of Christ, happy ar
91,f Reuben there were great searchings of heart. 
Gilead abode beyond Jordan: and why did Dan
95,avenged themselves upon their enemies. Is not this written in the book of Jasher? So the sun st
78,ome, he is gone a long journey: 
He hath taken a bag of money with him, and wi
84,broken Moab like a vessel wherein is no pleasure, saith the LORD. 
They shall howl, 
93,Saddle me the ass. So they saddled him the ass: and he rode thereon, 
And went after the man 
87,t. 
Hear the word of the LORD, ye that tremble at his word; Your brethren that hated yo
97, but it is far off from us. 
For our transgressions are multiplied before thee, and our sins test
96,. 
All things come alike to all: there is one event to the righteous, and to the wicked; to the 
89,r God belong mercies and forgivenesses, though we have rebelled against him; 
Neither hav
100,s of the Nicolaitanes, which I also hate. 
He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith u
87,h they had brought out of Egypt, their father said unto them, Go again, buy us a little
72, of Ham, after their families, after their tongues, in their countries, 
102, potsherd strive with the potsherds of the earth. Shall the clay say to him that fashioneth it, What m
77,en the priest shall look upon it: and, behold, if the hair in the bright spot
94,his mother's womb was carried, whom they laid daily at the gate of the temple which is called 
102, at the end of the four hundred and thirty years, even the selfsame day it came to pass, that all the 
76,ame up into the land, that we said, Come, and let us go to Jerusalem for fea
85,can hinder him? 
For he knoweth vain men: he seeth wickedness also; will he not then 
97,the multitude of their cattle a spoil: and I will scatter into all winds them that are in the utm
85,e LORD thy God may bless thee in all the work of thine hand which thou doest. 
At the
89, of Zion; shout, O Israel; be glad and rejoice with all the heart, O daughter of Jerusale
105,n of the elders of the city, and said, Sit ye down here. And they sat down. 
And he said unto the kinsman
105,or Jesus, and spake among themselves, as they stood in the temple, What think ye, that he will not come t
104,untries wherein ye are scattered, with a mighty hand, and with a stretched out arm, and with fury poured
77,sit them they shall be cast down, saith the LORD. 
Thus saith the LORD, Stand
93,d now I say unto you, Refrain from these men, and let them alone: for if this counsel or this
85,ering in a clean vessel into the house of the LORD. 
And I will also take of them for
108,se the sons of Jonadab the son of Rechab have performed the commandment of their father, which he commanded 
84,ate of brass, his staves, and all his vessels, the laver and his foot, 
The hangings
106,an that is circumcised, that he is a debtor to do the whole law. 
Christ is become of no effect unto you, 
89,n the north side to Hannathon: and the outgoings thereof are in the valley of Jiphthahel:
103, the ark of the testimony, of all things which I will give thee in commandment unto the children of Isr
93, with an east wind. 
As we have heard, so have we seen in the city of the LORD of hosts, in t
97,im: and great multitudes came together to hear, and to be healed by him of their infirmities. 
An
83,g, The people of Israel, and the priests, and the Levites, have not separated thems
90,me. 
The proud have had me greatly in derision: yet have I not declined from thy law. 
I r
94,he that goeth with you, to fight for you against your enemies, to save you. 
And the officers 
98,tom; fear to whom fear; honour to whom honour. 
Owe no man any thing, but to love one another: for
100,, saith the Lord, when I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel and with the house of Jud
97,Bilhah, and with the sons of Zilpah, his father's wives: and Joseph brought unto his father their
74, young men: the LORD hath trodden the virgin, the daughter of Judah, as in
97, to another: and Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace. 
And it came to pass 
95,r thus hath the LORD of hosts said, Hew ye down trees, and cast a mount against Jerusalem: this
72, thy rich neighbours; lest they also bid thee again, and a recompence be
94,or he taught them as one that had authority, and not as the scribes. 
And there was in their s
97, the likeness of the living creatures, their appearance was like burning coals of fire, and like 
74,ismayed, and behold it together. 
Behold, ye are of nothing, and your work
75,he gates of Ekron. And the wounded of the Philistines fell down by the way 
92, to thy wish in God's stead: I also am formed out of the clay. 
Behold, my terror shall not 
104, say, Our hands have not shed this blood, neither have our eyes seen it. 
Be merciful, O LORD, unto thy 
95,fied them with the bread of heaven. 
He opened the rock, and the waters gushed out; they ran in
88,bout the heap, and seeth the place of stones. 
If he destroy him from his place, then it
108, one company turned unto the way that leadeth to Ophrah, unto the land of Shual: 
And another company turned
92,th the burnt offering or sacrifice, for one lamb. 
Or for a ram, thou shalt prepare for a me
92,, and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son: 
In whom we have redemption throu
73,re they passed over. 
And it came to pass after three days, that the offi
105,m from their children, shewing to the generation to come the praises of the LORD, and his strength, and h
103,in the temple as he taught, saying, Ye both know me, and ye know whence I am: and I am not come of myse
101,uth Ramoth, and to them which were in Jattir, 
And to them which were in Aroer, and to them which wer
105, grapes thy fill at thine own pleasure; but thou shalt not put any in thy vessel. 
When thou comest into 
93,ther is with me. 
These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the
104,and it is gone; and the place thereof shall know it no more. 
But the mercy of the LORD is from everlast
106,at bare shields and drew bows, two hundred and fourscore thousand: all these were mighty men of valour. 
A
74,ction and iron; 
Because they rebelled against the words of God, and conte
92,e breasts of her virginity, and poured their whoredom upon her. 
Wherefore I have delivered 
99,t be shewed them. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Bring forth him that hath cursed without
75,e out against thee one way, and flee before thee seven ways. 
The LORD shal
79,mune with David secretly, and say, Behold, the king hath delight in thee, and a
98,e judgments of things pertaining to this life, set them to judge who are least esteemed in the chu
79,beast, of which men offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD, even the soul
72,hich had power over fire; and cried with a loud cry to him that had the 
97,glorified his Son Jesus; whom ye delivered up, and denied him in the presence of Pilate, when he 
85,eech contemptible. 
Let such an one think this, that, such as we are in word by lette
81,ng much spoil in them. 
They smote also the tents of cattle, and carried away she
78, Galilee, and Judaea, and Jerusalem: and the power of the Lord was present to 
85,, let him do to me as seemeth good unto him. 
The king said also unto Zadok the pries
93,anding here, which shall not taste of death, till they see the kingdom of God. 
And it came t
78,them that put their trust in him. 
Add thou not unto his words, lest he reprov
87,of Israel. 
And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, tha
108,hich was right, and it profited me not; 
He will deliver his soul from going into the pit, and his life shal
92,oncerning this. 
Wisdom is good with an inheritance: and by it there is profit to them that 
106,oh yearly in a place which is on the north side of Bethel, on the east side of the highway that goeth up f
82,r he rage or laugh, there is no rest. 
The bloodthirsty hate the upright: but the 
76,f the needy do they not judge. 
Shall I not visit for these things? saith th
104,LORD, to serve him with one consent. 
From beyond the rivers of Ethiopia my suppliants, even the daughte
74,them! 
Ephraim, as I saw Tyrus, is planted in a pleasant place: but Ephrai
108,the earth. 
And he stayed yet other seven days; and sent forth the dove; which returned not again unto him a
94, upon the fields: 
To set up on high those that be low; that those which mourn may be exalted 
97, his palaces: therefore will I deliver up the city with all that is therein. 
And it shall come t
83,vision, breaking down the walls, and of crying to the mountains. 
And Elam bare the
87,garments in the way: and others cut down branches off the trees, and strawed them in th
87,land of Egypt by great judgments. 
And the Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD, whe
75,alth of my countenance, and my God. 
Judge me, O God, and plead my cause ag
105,days of old, when her people fell into the hand of the enemy, and none did help her: the adversaries saw 
102,rd of his house, saying, Fill the men's sacks with food, as much as they can carry, and put every man'
103, 
Behold, the third time I am ready to come to you; and I will not be burdensome to you: for I seek not
108,and of the isles shall bring presents: the kings of Sheba and Seba shall offer gifts. 
Yea, all kings shall 
88, of the land: for great shall be the day of Jezreel. 
Say ye unto your brethren, Ammi; a
83,uching things offered unto idols, we know that we all have knowledge. Knowledge puf
73,ome. Now therefore are we all here present before God, to hear all things
82,ook Jacob. Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the mount: and Laban with his brethre
104,built us an altar to turn from following the LORD, or if to offer thereon burnt offering or meat offerin
82,LORD, for their iniquity, and the land of the Chaldeans, and will make it perpetua
87,they had forgotten to take bread. 
Then Jesus said unto them, Take heed and beware of t
98,, certain of the Jews banded together, and bound themselves under a curse, saying that they would 
95,p out of the land: for great shall be the day of Jezreel. 
Say ye unto your brethren, Ammi; and
78,y dead out of my sight. 
And the children of Heth answered Abraham, saying unt
91, unclean seven days. 
He shall purify himself with it on the third day, and on the seventh 
74,nd his statutes, and his judgments, and his commandments, alway. 
And know
78,n can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; 
97,lling shall be with the beasts of the field, and they shall make thee to eat grass as oxen, and t
96,know that every bottle shall be filled with wine? 
Then shalt thou say unto them, Thus saith the
94,upon the open field: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD. 
And I will send a fire on Mago
98,, and all the persons of his house, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his substance, whi
89,have a matter, they come unto me; and I judge between one and another, and I do make them
89,nd according to their doings I judged them. 
And when they entered unto the heathen, whit
82,
As the LORD thy God liveth, there is no nation or kingdom, whither my lord hath n
102,ls of waters, in perils of robbers, in perils by mine own countrymen, in perils by the heathen, in per
79,ted in thy wickedness: thou hast said, None seeth me. Thy wisdom and thy knowle
83,en the Levites from among the children of Israel instead of all the firstborn that 
84,r off. 
Her young ones also suck up blood: and where the slain are, there is she. 
M
89, garments of vengeance for clothing, and was clad with zeal as a cloak. 
According to the
102, had rule over them that hated them;) 
The Jews gathered themselves together in their cities throughou
92, fastened to the throne, and stays on each side of the sitting place, and two lions standing
102,m in all things, which is the head, even Christ: 
From whom the whole body fitly joined together and c
92,t ye may know that my words shall surely stand against you for evil: 
Thus saith the LORD; B
107,ray thee hide it not from me: God do so to thee, and more also, if thou hide any thing from me of all the t
93,at they must do. 
Moreover thou shalt provide out of all the people able men, such as fear Go
76, mouth, and in their tails: for their tails were like unto serpents, and had
81,table with God. 
For even hereunto were ye called: because Christ also suffered f
103, city, he spake by a parable: 
A sower went out to sow his seed: and as he sowed, some fell by the way 
77,he spoil, and to take the prey, and to tread them down like the mire of the s
89, their mouths at him: for that which had not been told them shall they see; and that whic
89, of Jeroboam. 
Moreover the LORD shall raise him up a king over Israel, who shall cut off
93,ning the dearth. 
Judah mourneth, and the gates thereof languish; they are black unto the gro
86, thee. 
The foolish shall not stand in thy sight: thou hatest all workers of iniquity.
92,f a man sell a dwelling house in a walled city, then he may redeem it within a whole year af
94,ounger men as brethren; 
The elder women as mothers; the younger as sisters, with all purity. 
81,ay, Are not these evils come upon us, because our God is not among us? 
And I wil
73, glad also with exceeding joy. 
If ye be reproached for the name of Chris
97, entered into the house of Lydia: and when they had seen the brethren, they comforted them, and d
107,of Haran. 
And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their substance that they had 
94,should not be covered. 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe to the bloody city! I will even
108,
Who is like unto the LORD our God, who dwelleth on high, 
Who humbleth himself to behold the things that ar
95,le for him: behold, his reward is with him, and his work before him. 
He shall feed his flock l
91,lay their hands upon the heads of the bullocks: and thou shalt offer the one for a sin offe
84, her kings. 
The LORD shall bring upon thee, and upon thy people, and upon thy fathe
87,ye will receive it, this is Elias, which was for to come. 
He that hath ears to hear, l
72,om she hath brought forth; neither is there any that taketh her by the h
82, bones. 
He that oppresseth the poor reproacheth his Maker: but he that honoureth 
89,the rich, in that he is made low: because as the flower of the grass he shall pass away. 
82,eing I have rejected him from reigning over Israel? fill thine horn with oil, and 
106,l ye yourselves have seen it; why then are ye thus altogether vain? 
This is the portion of a wicked man w
100,, or the sapphire. 
The gold and the crystal cannot equal it: and the exchange of it shall not be fo
88,hat cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that dilige
95,shall we see sword nor famine: 
And the prophets shall become wind, and the word is not in them
79,ft! set it before thee, and eat: for unto this time hath it been kept for thee 
92,his sort: 
Then wrote Rehum the chancellor, and Shimshai the scribe, and the rest of their c
106,ervice in the holy place, and the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and his sons' garments, to minister 
99,d confounded for all thy wickedness. 
O inhabitant of Lebanon, that makest thy nest in the cedars, 
77,ORD your God hath given you rest, and hath given you this land. 
Your wives, 
87,that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved. 
Ye men of Israel, he
84,pass, that, while they communed together and reasoned, Jesus himself drew near, and 
97, wise men of Babylon. 
Then was the secret revealed unto Daniel in a night vision. Then Daniel bl
91, day ye shall offer twelve young bullocks, two rams, fourteen lambs of the first year witho
84,g of Babylon's army, which are gone up from you. 
Behold, I will command, saith the 
87, life: and their dead bodies shall be for meat unto the fowls of the heaven, and to the
87,e went on the right hand upon the wall toward the dung gate: 
And after them went Hosha
105,one by a bondmaid, the other by a freewoman. 
But he who was of the bondwoman was born after the flesh; b
105,ll the matter. 
Cast thy bread upon the waters: for thou shalt find it after many days. 
Give a portion t
101, their polls; 
From twenty years old and upward, all that are able to go forth to war in Israel: thou
81,ow that ye have much cattle,) shall abide in your cities which I have given you; 
106,m the vessels of cups, even to all the vessels of flagons. 
In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, shall th
108,e, that my hand may be restored me again. And the man of God besought the LORD, and the king's hand was rest
83,breadth ten thousand. 
And they shall not sell of it, neither exchange, nor alienat
101,e things shall be finished. 
And I heard, but I understood not: then said I, O my Lord, what shall be
87, 
The LORD hath sworn, and will not repent, Thou art a priest for ever after the order 
84,ugh thou hast sore broken us in the place of dragons, and covered us with the shadow
81,sure that the king of Egypt will not let you go, no, not by a mighty hand. 
And I
90,en thee rest from all thine enemies round about, in the land which the LORD thy God giveth
100,ee the light. 
The light of the body is the eye: therefore when thine eye is single, thy whole body 
77,the tabernacle of the LORD shall die: shall we be consumed with dying? 
And t
82,eth haste to be rich shall not be innocent. 
To have respect of persons is not goo
84, before, and were shamefully entreated, as ye know, at Philippi, we were bold in our
77, very costly, and anointed the feet of Jesus, and wiped his feet with her hai
84,ver the carcase is, there will the eagles be gathered together. 
Immediately after t
108,y made them serve, was with rigour. 
And the king of Egypt spake to the Hebrew midwives, of which the name o
76,alled Peter, and Andrew his brother; James the son of Zebedee, and John his 
86,benah, and the father of Gibea: and the daughter of Caleb was Achsa. 
These were the s
77, that see vanity, and that divine lies: they shall not be in the assembly of 
95,d other gods, so do they also unto thee. 
Now therefore hearken unto their voice: howbeit yet p
92,ings, and to build the palace, for the which I have made provision. 
And David said to all t
84,ave no need of the physician, but they that are sick: I came not to call the righteo
94, are in all Achaia: 
Grace be to you and peace from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Ch
97, woe unto me; and if I be righteous, yet will I not lift up my head. I am full of confusion; ther
84, 
And Pharaoh said, I will let you go, that ye may sacrifice to the LORD your God in
99,he son of Shimea, 
The son of Michael, the son of Baaseiah, the son of Malchiah, 
The son of Ethni,
87,t executed speedily, therefore the heart of the sons of men is fully set in them to do 
88,eed, that the field bringeth forth year by year. 
And thou shalt eat before the LORD thy
87, perform unto the Lord thine oaths: 
But I say unto you, Swear not at all; neither by h
101,hem all out, he taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and ente
83,ame his father out, and intreated him. 
And he answering said to his father, Lo, th
98,ters that were upon the top of the pillars were of lily work in the porch, four cubits. 
And the c
74,er than all; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father's hand. 
I 
106, his head, forasmuch as he is the image and glory of God: but the woman is the glory of the man. 
For the 
72,: 
For their redeemer is mighty; he shall plead their cause with thee. 

106,that may save thee in all thy cities? and thy judges of whom thou saidst, Give me a king and princes? 
I g
72,twelve. These were reckoned by their genealogy in their villages, whom D
80,rn. 
Who hath taken this counsel against Tyre, the crowning city, whose merchant
81,ces unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings unto the LORD, on the morrow after
75, took, and smote them, and slew them. 
Joshua made war a long time with all
99, any will offer a meat offering unto the LORD, his offering shall be of fine flour; and he shall po
89,have an end. 
And they said, Lord, behold, here are two swords. And he said unto them, It
96,as they have been to you: quit yourselves like men, and fight. 
And the Philistines fought, and 
83,tings, whisperings, swellings, tumults: 
And lest, when I come again, my God will h
105,is father Jacob to him, and all his kindred, threescore and fifteen souls. 
So Jacob went down into Egypt
79, LORD. 
And Jehoshaphat stood in the congregation of Judah and Jerusalem, in th
81,e watchful, and strengthen the things which remain, that are ready to die: for I 
73,herefore will I change their glory into shame. 
They eat up the sin of my
80,nted, and went. 
And he came to the second, and said likewise. And he answered a
83,he righteous is taken away from the evil to come. 
He shall enter into peace: they 
106,unto him, Art thou the man that spakest unto the woman? And he said, I am. 
And Manoah said, Now let thy w
93,d his sons, and his daughters, and all the persons of his house, and his cattle, and all his 
104,es, and set their battle again in array in the place where they put themselves in array the first day. 

91,g to the offerings made by fire unto the LORD: and the priest shall make an atonement for h
75,m well for her sake: and he had sheep, and oxen, and he asses, and menserva
91,him. 
But some of them went their ways to the Pharisees, and told them what things Jesus ha
103,id, and a little lad with him. 
And he said unto his lad, Run, find out now the arrows which I shoot. A
101,Christ Jesus. 
Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoeve
98,to the LORD; according to the ordinance of the passover, and according to the manner thereof, so s
86,uch as not without an oath he was made priest: 
(For those priests were made without a
108,ight: and their overseer was Zabdiel, the son of one of the great men. 
Also of the Levites: Shemaiah the so
96,tumult arise among thy people, and all thy fortresses shall be spoiled, as Shalman spoiled Betha
99,o the LORD, sanctify themselves, lest the LORD break forth upon them. 
And Moses said unto the LORD
106,shalt overlay the bars with gold. 
And thou shalt rear up the tabernacle according to the fashion thereof 
74, give her the living child, and in no wise slay it. But the other said, Le
72,e one to another, as good stewards of the manifold grace of God. 
If any
81,and honour in abundance. 
And his heart was lifted up in the ways of the LORD: mo
83,of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thought
101,othing; for therefore came they under the shadow of my roof. 
And they said, Stand back. And they sai
74,at of the image of jealousy, which provoketh to jealousy. 
And, behold, th
102, of judgment, than for that city. 
Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye the
91,id worse than all that were before him. 
For he walked in all the way of Jeroboam the son o
107,d Jeremiah, It is false; I fall not away to the Chaldeans. But he hearkened not to him: so Irijah took Jere
87,n one day, the loss of children, and widowhood: they shall come upon thee in their perf
79,ause it is written, Be ye holy; for I am holy. 
And if ye call on the Father, w
98,s and Pharisees had heard his parables, they perceived that he spake of them. 
But when they sough
101,unto him, and upon it a girdle with a sword fastened upon his loins in the sheath thereof; and as he 
101,ith your brethren. 
And the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh
103,and the cattle thereof, with the edge of the sword. 
And thou shalt gather all the spoil of it into the
105,nd all that he had he put into his hand. 
And it came to pass from the time that he had made him overseer
99,e, go with him twain. 
Give to him that asketh thee, and from him that would borrow of thee turn no
82,d to approach unto him. 
Surely the mountains bring him forth food, where all the 
104,adversary to the magistrate, as thou art in the way, give diligence that thou mayest be delivered from h
90,ere be such a thing. 
Hath a nation changed their gods, which are yet no gods? but my peop
101,d the Syrians became servants to David, and brought gifts. And the LORD preserved David whithersoever
85,and it shall be a statute for ever to them, even to him and to his seed throughout th
91,o wander out of the way. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
Cursed be he that perverteth 
76,unto thee: my soul thirsteth after thee, as a thirsty land. Selah. 
Hear me 
108,iest shall offer the sin offering, and make an atonement for him that is to be cleansed from his uncleanness
78,n: for dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return. 
And Adam called his wi
98,ch my people dwell, that no swarms of flies shall be there; to the end thou mayest know that I am 
77,ht shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, s
73, his clothes, and shave off all his hair, and wash himself in water, that
88,t him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: for thy love is better than wine. 
Because o
88,e cave's mouth, which remain until this very day. 
And that day Joshua took Makkedah, an
94,r the spirit of heaviness; that they might be called trees of righteousness, the planting of t
95, to distribute the oblations of the LORD, and the most holy things. 
And next him were Eden, an
107,the fellowship of the mystery, which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God, who created all 
104,against the mulberry trees. 
And let it be, when thou hearest the sound of a going in the tops of the mu
93,the grace of God, was glad, and exhorted them all, that with purpose of heart they would clea
87,? 
And the captain of the LORD's host said unto Joshua, Loose thy shoe from off thy foo
75, affliction have taken hold upon me. 
My bones are pierced in me in the nig
72,none good but one, that is, God: but if thou wilt enter into life, keep 
102,him out. 
And it came to pass, when she saw that he had left his garment in her hand, and was fled for
76, deliverer; make no tarrying, O my God. 
Blessed is he that considereth the 
107,, it is the greatest among herbs, and becometh a tree, so that the birds of the air come and lodge in the b
96,inst Israel, and he sold them into the hand of Chushanrishathaim king of Mesopotamia: and the ch
100,rn to the prince: but his inheritance shall be his sons' for them. 
Moreover the prince shall not ta
87,m, What said these men? and from whence came they unto thee? And Hezekiah said, They ar
86, of Solomon his son. 
For in the days of David and Asaph of old there were chief of th
107,fore the children of Israel, so that they lifted up their heads no more. And the country was in quietness f
87,nown him. 
Little children, let no man deceive you: he that doeth righteousness is righ
81, their clothes, and ran in among the people, crying out, 
And saying, Sirs, why d
90,out arm, and with fury poured out. 
And I will bring you into the wilderness of the people
95,d some of his disciples among themselves, What is this that he saith unto us, A little while, a
79,hee: and he saith, I am not learned. 
Wherefore the Lord said, Forasmuch as thi
80,ow whereas my father did lade you with a heavy yoke, I will add to your yoke: my
85,men upon the rocks of the wild goats. 
And he came to the sheepcotes by the way, wher
105,. 
But when ye shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing where i
73,ith the edge of the sword, until they had destroyed them, neither left th
93, speakest lies in the name of the LORD: and his father and his mother that begat him shall th
96,and Korah. 
These were dukes of the sons of Esau: the sons of Eliphaz the firstborn son of Esau;
75, wicked, and plucked the spoil out of his teeth. 
Then I said, I shall die 
99,children of Naphtali, offered: 
His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hund
73,gs of the earth, and the great men, and the rich men, and the chief capta
100,d of his friend the Adullamite, to receive his pledge from the woman's hand: but he found her not. 

90, names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the wo
85,ct through my comeliness, which I had put upon thee, saith the Lord GOD. 
But thou di
85,men that were left. And Benhadad fled, and came into the city, into an inner chamber.
82,hich I had with thee before the world was. 
I have manifested thy name unto the me
78, the field had shadow under it, and the fowls of the heaven dwelt in the bough
87,ich assembled at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And he made the court
78,the sheep. And Samuel said unto Jesse, Send and fetch him: for we will not sit
73,n of these is, there is no more offering for sin. 
Having therefore, bret
101,yer of thy people? 
Thou feedest them with the bread of tears; and givest them tears to drink in grea
104,ickly, as the LORD hath said unto thee. 
Speak not thou in thine heart, after that the LORD thy God hath
75, fall from your own stedfastness. 
But grow in grace, and in the knowledge 
72, the mountains, and as Carmel by the sea, so shall he come. 
O thou daug
85,mariah begat Ahitub, 
And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Ahimaaz, 
And Ahimaaz b
90, LORD be between me and thee, and between my seed and thy seed for ever. And he arose and 
97,lie: though it tarry, wait for it; because it will surely come, it will not tarry. 
Behold, his s
78,ding, that might build an house for the LORD, and an house for his kingdom. 
A
97,so of Judah and the children of Jerusalem have ye sold unto the Grecians, that ye might remove th
107, and Jeshua: Seraiah, Jeremiah, Ezra, 
Amariah, Malluch, Hattush, 
Shechaniah, Rehum, Meremoth, 
Iddo, Ginn
80,peak; and hear, O earth, the words of my mouth. 
My doctrine shall drop as the r
103,his sockets, and set up the boards thereof, and put in the bars thereof, and reared up his pillars. 
An
76,door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And if they blow but with one t
78,ayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Fa
103, was porter of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
All these which were chosen to be porte
77,be saved? 
And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be
98, supplication unto him: he found him in Bethel, and there he spake with us; 
Even the LORD God of 
87,w, are a law unto themselves: 
Which shew the work of the law written in their hearts, 
92,iend. And he turned again into the camp: but his servant Joshua, the son of Nun, a young man
78,. 
How beautiful are thy feet with shoes, O prince's daughter! the joints of t
108,hosts. 
Woe to them that are at ease in Zion, and trust in the mountain of Samaria, which are named chief of
98,that thou mayest gather in thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil. 
And I will send grass in thy fi
100,ho mind earthly things.) 
For our conversation is in heaven; from whence also we look for the Saviou
104,ther, and the maid was fair and beautiful; whom Mordecai, when her father and mother were dead, took for
103, and five years, and begat sons and daughters: 
And all the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy a
82,ings of the nations. 
All they shall speak and say unto thee, Art thou also become
103,summer fruits and for thy harvest is fallen. 
And gladness is taken away, and joy out of the plentiful 
103,of a stranger; 
And thou mourn at the last, when thy flesh and thy body are consumed, 
And say, How hav
79, he hath commanded you: 
Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Isr
73,
I will praise thee with uprightness of heart, when I shall have learned 
95,say unto you, will seek to enter in, and shall not be able. 
When once the master of the house 
90, humbled even unto this day, neither have they feared, nor walked in my law, nor in my sta
94,the field. And they went out both of them into the field. 
And Jonathan said unto David, O LOR
91,y name no more with your gifts, and with your idols. 
For in mine holy mountain, in the mou
98,ces of the dead. 
Thus they provoked him to anger with their inventions: and the plague brake in u
89,he LORD shall bring thee, and thy king which thou shalt set over thee, unto a nation whic
101,hem, Our friend Lazarus sleepeth; but I go, that I may awake him out of sleep. 
Then said his discipl
101,lves to every man's conscience in the sight of God. 
But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that
90,and rent it in twelve pieces: 
And he said to Jeroboam, Take thee ten pieces: for thus sai
101,n the prophet, See now, I dwell in an house of cedar, but the ark of God dwelleth within curtains. 
A
97,hey shall all know me, from the least of them unto the greatest of them, saith the LORD: for I wi
79,he provinces. Then he said, Who shall order the battle? And he answered, Thou. 
72,eld; and let it be wet with the dew of heaven, and let his portion be wi
98,m the son of Maacah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur; 
And the fourth, Adonijah the son of Ha
88,ood thing which was committed unto thee keep by the Holy Ghost which dwelleth in us. 
Th
73,r have I hurt one of them. 
And Moses said unto Korah, Be thou and all th
99,and I called you, but ye answered not; 
Therefore will I do unto this house, which is called by my 
80,re spoiled: howl, O ye oaks of Bashan; for the forest of the vintage is come dow
102, thence will I command the sword, and it shall slay them: and I will set mine eyes upon them for evil,
82, are shepherds, both we, and also our fathers. 
They said morever unto Pharaoh, Fo
104,egation of the children of Israel journeyed from the wilderness of Sin, after their journeys, according 
74,of thee. 
And the land of Egypt shall be desolate and waste; and they shal
100,on of a buryingplace amongst you. 
And Ephron dwelt among the children of Heth: and Ephron the Hitti
87, shall sojourn among you, and will keep the passover unto the LORD; according to the or
98, buy for yourselves. 
And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came; and they that were ready we
86,es unto God: and the prisoners heard them. 
And suddenly there was a great earthquake,
89,er were cast the sockets of the sanctuary, and the sockets of the vail; an hundred socket
98,o the left. 
And Lot lifted up his eyes, and beheld all the plain of Jordan, that it was well wate
87,re part advised to depart thence also, if by any means they might attain to Phenice, an
89, and upon all thorns, and upon all bushes. 
In the same day shall the Lord shave with a r
108,ns of the earth, that it should not be removed for ever. 
Thou coveredst it with the deep as with a garment:
99,rve me. 
For I will at this time send all my plagues upon thine heart, and upon thy servants, and u
73,til Samuel the prophet. 
And afterward they desired a king: and God gave 
103,erly. 
When the morning was come, all the chief priests and elders of the people took counsel against J
77,rought her forth unto them; and they knew her, and abused her all the night u
80,d their twenty sockets shall be of brass; the hooks of the pillars and their fil
97,the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And they shall eat those things wherewith the at
104,pipes, and mine heart shall sound like pipes for the men of Kirheres: because the riches that he hath go
106,will make the place of my feet glorious. 
The sons also of them that afflicted thee shall come bending unt
75,d they turned thitherward, and came to the house of the young man the Levit
82, man astonied, as a mighty man that cannot save? yet thou, O LORD, art in the mids
102,to see it with thine eyes, but thou shalt not go over thither. 
So Moses the servant of the LORD died 
81, hew down the graven images of their gods, and destroy the names of them out of t
95,n with Israel; and David went down, and his servants with him, and fought against the Philistin
100,y brother. 
And, behold, thou hast with thee Shimei the son of Gera, a Benjamite of Bahurim, which c
84, and the name of his city was Avith. 
And when Hadad was dead, Samlah of Masrekah re
72, blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself without
81,n day, and in the day of the feast of the LORD? 
For, lo, they are gone because o
88, give a shout, as they that tread the grapes, against all the inhabitants of the earth. 
99,tand, I pray thee, upon me, and slay me: for anguish is come upon me, because my life is yet whole 
72,where was a parcel of ground full of barley; and the people fled from be
101,h, he must continue a short space. 
And the beast that was, and is not, even he is the eighth, and is
95, we are in word by letters when we are absent, such will we be also in deed when we are present
77,second year of Asa king of Judah, and reigned over Israel two years. 
And he 
84, to come unto thee: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed. 
For I also a
93,Adullam: and the troop of the Philistines pitched in the valley of Rephaim. 
And David was th
106, up for the parents, but the parents for the children. 
And I will very gladly spend and be spent for you;
78,Ishi. And the sons of Ishi; Sheshan. And the children of Sheshan; Ahlai. 
And 
98,e shall save thee. 
Divers weights are an abomination unto the LORD; and a false balance is not go
96, that this song may be a witness for me against the children of Israel. 
For when I shall have b
82,f thou be surety for thy friend, if thou hast stricken thy hand with a stranger, 

72,closed in their own fat: with their mouth they speak proudly. 
They have
89,m in mount Ephraim with her suburbs; they gave also Gezer with her suburbs, 
And Jokmeam 
100, the light; he had horns coming out of his hand: and there was the hiding of his power. 
Before him 
99,shekels of silver. 
And if it be from sixty years old and above; if it be a male, then thy estimati
83, her up upon an ass, and the man rose up, and gat him unto his place. 
And when he 
103,d, that the waters of Jordan returned unto their place, and flowed over all his banks, as they did befo
104, Zartanah beneath Jezreel, from Bethshean to Abelmeholah, even unto the place that is beyond Jokneam: 
T
78,
And David said unto him, From whence comest thou? And he said unto him, Out o
87,ield. 
Three items in the year all thy males shall appear before the LORD God. 
Thou sh
74,slay him. 
He shall not see the rivers, the floods, the brooks of honey an
106,, as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn. 
In that day shall there be a great mourning in Jerusale
78,all take maidens of the seed of the house of Israel, or a widow that had a pri
72,est give them their meat in due season. 
That thou givest them they gath
97,ts thereof, from two years old and under, according to the time which he had diligently enquired 
100,d the word in Perga, they went down into Attalia: 
And thence sailed to Antioch, from whence they ha
96,d from my people; and I will let the people go, that they may do sacrifice unto the LORD. 
And M
96,hy children after thee, when thou shalt do that which is right in the sight of the LORD. 
Only t
88,pon the altar of the burnt offering continually morning and evening, and to do according
80,ey shall measure unto the cities which are round about him that is slain: 
And i
98,aliah, who with his brethren and sons were twelve: 
The third to Zaccur, he, his sons, and his bre
99,nto his rest, but to them that believed not? 
So we see that they could not enter in because of unb
73,, lo, they that are far from thee shall perish: thou hast destroyed all t
87, sabbath. 
And ye shall take you on the first day the boughs of goodly trees, branches 
73, up, and their houses, and all the men that appertained unto Korah, and a
90,hose prospect is toward the north is for the priests, the keepers of the charge of the alt
72, err from the truth, and one convert him; 
Let him know, that he which c
90, go up and fall at Ramothgilead? And one spake saying after this manner, and another sayin
83,gs and scourgings, yea, moreover of bonds and imprisonment: 
They were stoned, they
89, there be peace for ever from the LORD. 
So Benaiah the son of Jehoiada went up, and fell
93,gate of the city, and spake comfortably to them, saying, 
Be strong and courageous, be not af
85,nt up also from Telmelah, Telharesha, Cherub, Addon, and Immer: but they could not sh
86,, Eliathah, Giddalti, and Romamtiezer, Joshbekashah, Mallothi, Hothir, and Mahazioth: 
77,upon Jerusalem, even concerning all that I have brought upon it. 
And they sh
81, that I may cut off occasion from them which desire occasion; that wherein they g
87,name. But his word was in mine heart as a burning fire shut up in my bones, and I was w
83,riest shall pronounce him clean. 
Or if there be any flesh, in the skin whereof the
106,brightness. 
They shall bring thee down to the pit, and thou shalt die the deaths of them that are slain i
78,then shall she go out free without money. 
He that smiteth a man, so that he d
99, with them those that were lame, blind, dumb, maimed, and many others, and cast them down at Jesus'
86,ght down the king from the house of the LORD: and they came through the high gate into
97,tter the sheep of my pasture! saith the LORD. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD God of Israel agains
89,d? for pangs have taken thee as a woman in travail. 
Be in pain, and labour to bring fort
93,
Did not Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keepeth the law? Why go ye about to kill
90, forty years, that Absalom said unto the king, I pray thee, let me go and pay my vow, whic
93,ly the mountains falling cometh to nought, and the rock is removed out of his place. 
The wat
96, the fire, or that useth divination, or an observer of times, or an enchanter, or a witch. 
Or a
97,ng the assembling of ourselves together, as the manner of some is; but exhorting one another: and
84,when forty years were expired, there appeared to him in the wilderness of mount Sina
82,o me in the priest's office. 
And thou shalt bring his sons, and clothe them with 
94,ou hast reigned; and the LORD hath delivered the kingdom into the hand of Absalom thy son: and
107,obedience as also saith the law. 
And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: fo
95,y night, 
Upon an instrument of ten strings, and upon the psaltery; upon the harp with a solemn
88,d planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he put the man whom he had formed. 
And o
72,outhward were Kabzeel, and Eder, and Jagur, 
And Kinah, and Dimonah, and
86, the stranger, that hath joined himself to the LORD, speak, saying, The LORD hath utte
101,d as it were a young lion lurking in secret places. 
Arise, O LORD, disappoint him, cast him down: de
79,t. 
But he that is greatest among you shall be your servant. 
And whosoever sha
75,sea shore in multitude, with horses and chariots very many. 
And when all t
103,e: nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of you. 
Nay, much more those members of the body, wh
79,ay unto their masters, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Thus sh
74,again the vessels of the house of God, with the meat offering and the fran
84, thy plants are gone over the sea, they reach even to the sea of Jazer: the spoiler 
82,ese stones to raise up children unto Abraham. 
And now also the axe is laid unto t
86,which is called the Passover. 
And the chief priests and scribes sought how they might
96,lt in Egypt a long time; and the Egyptians vexed us, and our fathers: 
And when we cried unto th
73,eived the seed into stony places, the same is he that heareth the word, a
97,ness; 
He is proud, knowing nothing, but doting about questions and strifes of words, whereof com
82,d he made the table of shittim wood: two cubits was the length thereof, and a cubi
82,said unto Samson, Hitherto thou hast mocked me, and told me lies: tell me wherewit
82,r works, are in the hand of God: no man knoweth either love or hatred by all that 
90,oundation of the house. 
And Solomon's builders and Hiram's builders did hew them, and the
78, he sent after this manner; ten asses laden with the good things of Egypt, and
99,The fierce anger of the LORD shall not return, until he hath done it, and until he have performed t
103,rom beneath is moved for thee to meet thee at thy coming: it stirreth up the dead for thee, even all th
80,else. 
I have not spoken in secret, in a dark place of the earth: I said not unt
108,
The LORD hath also a controversy with Judah, and will punish Jacob according to his ways; according to his 
82,ive years old when he began to reign, and he reigned twenty and nine years in Jeru
103, shewed unto him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time. 
And the devil said unto him, All t
85,even unto the west side, a portion for Reuben. 
And by the border of Reuben, from the
84,; and ye say, Behold a gluttonous man, and a winebibber, a friend of publicans and s
94,hirah, and Beeroth, and Kirjathjearim. 
And the children of Israel smote them not, because the
87,will yet deliver us; 
Ye also helping together by prayer for us, that for the gift best
88,ade a league with the son of Jesse, and there is none of you that is sorry for me, or sh
101,rother, whom we have oftentimes proved diligent in many things, but now much more diligent, upon the 
101,amaria shall be broken in pieces. 
For they have sown the wind, and they shall reap the whirlwind: it
102,he LORD upon the altar of the burnt offering continually morning and evening, and to do according to a
91,or his life is in him. 
When he therefore was come up again, and had broken bread, and eate
85, peace and quietness unto Israel in his days. 
He shall build an house for my name; a
88,n mine integrity: redeem me, and be merciful unto me. 
My foot standeth in an even place
80,ich spake to him in the mount Sina, and with our fathers: who received the livel
95, hope in thy word. 
Mine eyes fail for thy word, saying, When wilt thou comfort me? 
For I am b
100,ed to me slain beasts and sacrifices by the space of forty years in the wilderness? 
Yea, ye took up
83,hesied good unto me, but always evil: the same is Micaiah the son of Imla. And Jeho
96, was my stay. 
He brought me forth also into a large place; he delivered me, because he delighte
102,nd the revenger of blood according to these judgments: 
And the congregation shall deliver the slayer 
90,the singers, chief of the fathers of the Levites, who remaining in the chambers were free:
100,came and shewed David all that Joab had sent him for. 
And the messenger said unto David, Surely the
90,ilt in Jerusalem:) 
And Azariah begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub, 
And Ahitub begat
87,their transgressions in all their sins, putting them upon the head of the goat, and sha
99,They shewed his signs among them, and wonders in the land of Ham. 
He sent darkness, and made it da
99, which ye saw by the way of the mountain of the Amorites, as the LORD our God commanded us; and we 
82,lock's blood to the tabernacle of the congregation: 
And the priest shall dip his 
99,he court on the west side shall be hangings of fifty cubits: their pillars ten, and their sockets t
84,before the wilderness of Jeruel. 
Ye shall not need to fight in this battle: set you
80,pray ye that your flight be not in the winter, neither on the sabbath day: 
For 
81,t rent his clothes, and saith, What need we any further witnesses? 
Ye have heard
93,o this land, wherein ye now dwell. 
And he gave him none inheritance in it, no, not so much a
107,oshua, saying, All that thou commandest us we will do, and whithersoever thou sendest us, we will go. 
Acco
72,th a loud voice, 
Cursed be the man that maketh any graven or molten ima
107,r by the earth; for it is his footstool: neither by Jerusalem; for it is the city of the great King. 
Neith
72,and Elhanan the son of Jair slew Lahmi the brother of Goliath the Gittit
73,is vanity and vexation of spirit. 
Yea, I hated all my labour which I had
94,d still in the midst of heaven, and hasted not to go down about a whole day. 
And there was no
86,ons of Naphtali; Jahzeel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shillem. 
These are the sons of Bil
101,af that have ears. 
Let all the nations be gathered together, and let the people be assembled: who am
73, 
Hell from beneath is moved for thee to meet thee at thy coming: it stir
90,he day before the sabbath, 
Joseph of Arimathaea, an honourable counsellor, which also wai
78,he way of the wilderness. 
And all the people that were in Ai were called toge
85,ndeth forth his commandment upon earth: his word runneth very swiftly. 
He giveth sno
102, long wilt thou cut thyself? 
O thou sword of the LORD, how long will it be ere thou be quiet? put up 
104,f thee; and what I see, that I will tell thee. 
And Jonathan spake good of David unto Saul his father, a
81,om the prophet even unto the priest every one dealeth falsely. 
They have healed 
89, and the staff, the whole stay of bread, and the whole stay of water. 
The mighty man, an
98,wing the LORD, to build an altar for burnt offerings, for meat offerings, or for sacrifices, besid
