1000
94,nd it against him concerning the law of his God. 
Then these presidents and princes assembled 
99,that the fleshhook brought up the priest took for himself. So they did in Shiloh unto all the Israe
80,e away from you? 
And they said, We saw certainly that the LORD was with thee: a
103,id unto Moses and Aaron, This is the ordinance of the passover: There shall no stranger eat thereof: 
B
108,,) saying, Shall I yet again go out to battle against the children of Benjamin my brother, or shall I cease?
72,ng them that are born of women there hath not risen a greater than John 
78,Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye 
102,e numbered? even I it is that have sinned and done evil indeed; but as for these sheep, what have they
94, into his hand? will Saul come down, as thy servant hath heard? O LORD God of Israel, I beseec
108, not thou also have had compassion on thy fellowservant, even as I had pity on thee? 
And his lord was wroth
101,house for the side chambers round about, that they might have hold, but they had not hold in the wall
91, daughter cometh with the sheep. 
And he said, Lo, it is yet high day, neither is it time t
107,e by him stood still. 
When he was removed out of the highway, all the people went on after Joab, to pursue
81, knowledge that set up the wood of their graven image, and pray unto a god that c
92,, she may not eat of an offering of the holy things. 
But if the priest's daughter be a wido
75,inst light in three ranks. 
And all the doors and posts were square, with t
94,ed to the Lord. 
Now there was at Joppa a certain disciple named Tabitha, which by interpretat
89, LORD. 
Behold, I will gather thee to thy fathers, and thou shalt be gathered to thy grav
88,f heaven; yea, the fishes of the sea also shall be taken away. 
Yet let no man strive, n
94,honour abideth not: he is like the beasts that perish. 
This their way is their folly: yet the
81, a lace of blue, that it may be above the curious girdle of the ephod, and that t
95,nto the service, for the work in the tabernacle of the congregation: 
And those that were numbe
107, toward you: 
To the end he may stablish your hearts unblameable in holiness before God, even our Father, a
76,od, that he should do wickedness; and from the Almighty, that he should comm
94,he altar of the LORD in the presence of all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his h
80,ith thy likeness. 
I will love thee, O LORD, my strength. 
The LORD is my rock, 
82, according to the counsel of the princes and the elders, all his substance should 
96,efore thee, neither after thee shall any arise like unto thee. 
And I have also given thee that 
107,ng on afar off: among whom was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James the less and of Joses, and Salo
80,arriages with them; thy daughter thou shalt not give unto his son, nor his daugh
87,ing made them male and female, 
And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and m
73,erce anger of the LORD toward Israel. 
For if ye turn away from after him
106, all my will. 
Of this man's seed hath God according to his promise raised unto Israel a Saviour, Jesus: 

81,s of the house of the temple, were of gold. 
Thus all the work that Solomon made 
96,ah, one of the chamberlains, said before the king, Behold also, the gallows fifty cubits high, w
93,ood. 
And the earth helped the woman, and the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed up the fl
97,t not received it? 
Now ye are full, now ye are rich, ye have reigned as kings without us: and I 
92,aid unto me, Gather me the people together, and I will make them hear my words, that they ma
90,and took the ram, and offered him up for a burnt offering in the stead of his son. 
And Ab
78, heal them. 
Be it known therefore unto you, that the salvation of God is sent
92,ld Samuel, saying, Saul came to Carmel, and, behold, he set him up a place, and is gone abou
105, thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give thee great and goodly cities, which thou builde
77,h of the consecrations, or of the bread, remain unto the morning, then thou s
88,a: 
Southward it was Ephraim's, and northward it was Manasseh's, and the sea is his bord
81,ed you; and evil will befall you in the latter days; because ye will do evil in t
108,him, at the draught of the fishes which they had taken: 
And so was also James, and John, the sons of Zebede
85,he length of the building over against the separate place which was behind it, and th
90,he Almighty will I not conceal. 
Behold, all ye yourselves have seen it; why then are ye t
84,d whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and not unto men; 
Knowing that 
74,e of the horsemen and bowmen; they shall go into thickets, and climb up up
87,oly place, and the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and his sons' garments, to minis
76,eat sea. And this is the south side southward. 
The west side also shall be 
97,ake our fill of love until the morning: let us solace ourselves with loves. 
For the goodman is n
98,ring strangers upon thee, the terrible of the nations: and they shall draw their swords against th
84, 
For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will hav
96,ain by the sword: she is delivered to the sword: draw her and all her multitudes. 
The strong am
96, whole. 
But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort;
91,ut David went and returned from Saul to feed his father's sheep at Bethlehem. 
And the Phil
106, and his wife, between the father and his daughter, being yet in her youth in her father's house. 
And the
97, neither man nor beast, herd nor flock, taste any thing: let them not feed, nor drink water: 
But
95,at three hundred and threescore men died. 
And they took up Asahel, and buried him in the sepul
82,so will I cut off, and thy standing images out of the midst of thee; and thou shal
90,al, Shephi, and Onam. and the sons of Zibeon; Aiah, and Anah. 
The sons of Anah; Dishon. A
97,or being his counsellor hath taught him? 
With whom took he counsel, and who instructed him, and 
106,omen unto the king's house. 
In the evening she went, and on the morrow she returned into the second house
95,n Egypt; the chief of their strength in the tabernacles of Ham: 
But made his own people to go 
80, thee to serve with an offering, nor wearied thee with incense. 
Thou hast bough
102,ist may rest upon me. 
Therefore I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, in per
86,ose. 
Men and brethren, children of the stock of Abraham, and whosoever among you fear
104,ery man and his household came with Jacob. 
Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah, 
Issachar, Zebulun, and Ben
79,sword before their enemies, saith the LORD. 
Woe is me, my mother, that thou ha
87,re without number that came with him out of Egypt; the Lubims, the Sukkiims, and the Et
90,aid, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, o
89,ORD God! for because I have seen an angel of the LORD face to face. 
And the LORD said un
104, came unto mount Hor. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron in mount Hor, by the coast of the land of
73,d: and I would not that ye should have fellowship with devils. 
Ye cannot
95, of Israel, being seven thousand. 
And they went out at noon. But Benhadad was drinking himself
83, privately, Blessed are the eyes which see the things that ye see: 
For I tell you,
89,LORD your God; 
In the day that I lifted up mine hand unto them, to bring them forth of t
84,unto thee, That this night, before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice. 
Peter 
99,God hath power to help, and to cast down. 
And Amaziah said to the man of God, But what shall we do
76, be made. 
On that night could not the king sleep, and he commanded to bring
75, be ashamed and confounded for your own ways, O house of Israel. 
Thus sait
96,ye sons of men? 
Yea, in heart ye work wickedness; ye weigh the violence of your hands in the ea
81, and their sins should be forgiven them. 
And he said unto them, Know ye not this
72,aid unto them, 
Behold, we go up to Jerusalem; and the Son of man shall 
74,hree. 
And for the gate of the court shall be an hanging of twenty cubits,
76,, I have set before thee this day life and good, and death and evil; 
In tha
99,t the things which I say? 
Whosoever cometh to me, and heareth my sayings, and doeth them, I will s
101,ecause the day of their calamity was come upon them, and the time of their visitation. 
The voice the
76,d to the kings that were on the north of the mountains, and of the plains so
84,eak to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Thus saith the
91,f Egypt is your's. 
And the children of Israel did so: and Joseph gave them wagons, accordi
81,ouls that came out of the loins of Jacob were seventy souls: for Joseph was in Eg
95,which covered on that side, their bodies. 
And when they went, I heard the noise of their wings
101, he commanded their fathers by the hand of Moses. 
And the children of Israel dwelt among the Canaani
85, the cities which he built, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the
77,ded against the son, and the son against the father; the mother against the d
96,here were the righteous cut off? 
Even as I have seen, they that plow iniquity, and sow wickedne
85,srael, the saviour thereof in time of trouble, why shouldest thou be as a stranger in
84, of Israel, and remembered not his footstool in the day of his anger! 
The LORD hath
100,m me, and from my people; and I will let the people go, that they may do sacrifice unto the LORD. 
A
79,nd verily they that are of the sons of Levi, who receive the office of the prie
77,, and in the valleys, and in all the coasts of the great sea over against Leb
81,nd they gave him audience unto this word, and then lifted up their voices, and sa
100,is over the house, and say, 
What hast thou here? and whom hast thou here, that thou hast hewed thee
78, thence the three sons of Anak. 
And the children of Benjamin did not drive ou
91,d it shall not be. 
But the meek shall inherit the earth; and shall delight themselves in t
99,ns. 
And he set three days' journey betwixt himself and Jacob: and Jacob fed the rest of Laban's fl
91,st that ascendeth out of the bottomless pit shall make war against them, and shall overcome
94, hateth him, he will repay him to his face. 
Thou shalt therefore keep the commandments, and t
77,perisheth in his righteousness, and there is a wicked man that prolongeth his
95,nd it pleased them: as whatsoever the king did pleased all the people. 
For all the people and 
87,
This I say therefore, and testify in the Lord, that ye henceforth walk not as other Ge
104,ot again to cover the earth. 
He sendeth the springs into the valleys, which run among the hills. 
They 
95,d pomegranates, and put them on the chains. 
And he reared up the pillars before the temple, on
92,enjamin, and of the children of Ephraim, and Manasseh; 
Uthai the son of Ammihud, the son of
86,ne in unto my father's concubine? 
Then was Abner very wroth for the words of Ishboshe
90,m, and the evil spirits went out of them. 
Then certain of the vagabond Jews, exorcists, t
104,tery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet
83,nd of Canaan, heard of the coming of the children of Israel. 
And they departed fro
91,en of Judah to meet king David. 
And there were a thousand men of Benjamin with him, and Zi
100,stick together, that they cannot be sundered. 
By his neesings a light doth shine, and his eyes are 
108,hen I spake unto them of the captivity all the things that the LORD had shewed me. 
The word of the LORD als
96,dunghill: because there is no other God that can deliver after this sort. 
Then the king promote
82,andment unto you, but an old commandment which ye had from the beginning. The old 
80,thy calkers: all the ships of the sea with their mariners were in thee to occupy
94,ow the LORD dried up the water of the Red sea for you, when ye came out of Egypt; and what ye 
90, And Absalom passed over Jordan, he and all the men of Israel with him. 
And Absalom made 
107,t in the fourth year all the fruit thereof shall be holy to praise the LORD withal. 
And in the fifth year 
94, in his left hand seven times before the LORD: 
And the priest shall put of the oil that is in
108, and Shoham, and Zaccur, and Ibri. 
Of Mahli came Eleazar, who had no sons. 
Concerning Kish: the son of Kis
79,hout their hosts. 
But the Levites shall pitch round about the tabernacle of te
75,ne ears, The place is too strait for me: give place to me that I may dwell.
98,the tabernacle: for, See, saith he, that thou make all things according to the pattern shewed to t
87,tterly destroyed, them, and all the souls that were therein; he let none remain: and he
95, out of Egypt, and out of all lands. 
Now the rest of the acts of Solomon, first and last, are 
83,ded the earth; by understanding hath he established the heavens. 
By his knowledge 
87,t shall bring forth new fruit according to his months, because their waters they issued
82,not turn away the punishment thereof; because he burned the bones of the king of E
79,e can find it: yet not ought of your work shall be diminished. 
So the people w
76,my face against that man, and will cut him off from among his people; becaus
100,ill I break down, and that which I have planted I will pluck up, even this whole land. 
And seekest 
74,ein: it is the sabbath of the LORD in all your dwellings. 
These are the f
92,nd smote the high priest's servant, and cut off his right ear. The servant's name was Malchu
73,h, on the first day of the month, ye shall have an holy convocation; ye s
87,the LORD taketh pleasure in his people: he will beautify the meek with salvation. 
Let 
76,m resolved what to do, that, when I am put out of the stewardship, they may 
93,I heard, as it were the noise of thunder, one of the four beasts saying, Come and see. 
And I
82,our generations. 
As the LORD commanded Moses, so Aaron laid it up before the Test
94,. 
And she gave the king an hundred and twenty talents of gold, and of spices very great store
76,nd ground it to powder, and strawed it upon the water, and made the children
74,e people, he executed the justice of the LORD, and his judgments with Isra
72,hich hath loved us, and hath given us everlasting consolation and good h
76,rth in the open firmament of heaven. 
And God created great whales, and ever
99,otherly covenant: 
But I will send a fire on the wall of Tyrus, which shall devour the palaces ther
96,ut utterly destroyed all that breathed, as the LORD God of Israel commanded. 
And Joshua smote t
91, Jesus, to put him to death; 
But found none: yea, though many false witnesses came, yet fo
85,urn them together. 
Or let him take hold of my strength, that he may make peace with 
75,whose young daughter had an unclean spirit, heard of him, and came and fell
87, but wise men turn away wrath. 
If a wise man contendeth with a foolish man, whether he
105,own. 
And Jesus cried with a loud voice, and gave up the ghost. 
And the veil of the temple was rent in t
84, night, that the word of the LORD came unto Nathan, saying, 
Go and tell my servant 
103,LORD doeth valiantly. 
The right hand of the LORD is exalted: the right hand of the LORD doeth valiantl
73, stand afar off. 
They also that seek after my life lay snares for me: an
94, Zeeb; and they slew Oreb upon the rock Oreb, and Zeeb they slew at the winepress of Zeeb, and
96, came there abominable flesh into my mouth. 
Then he said unto me, Lo, I have given thee cow's d
81,him are ye in Christ Jesus, who of God is made unto us wisdom, and righteousness,
92, gave thee a king in mine anger, and took him away in my wrath. 
The iniquity of Ephraim is 
86,od promised him. 
And I stayed in the mount, according to the first time, forty days a
85,nt the multitude away, and went into the house: and his disciples came unto him, sayi
100,ne hand to in the land whither thou goest to possess it. 
When thou shalt vow a vow unto the LORD th
100,ey removed from Dibongad, and encamped in Almondiblathaim. 
And they removed from Almondiblathaim, a
102,have crucified him. 
But we trusted that it had been he which should have redeemed Israel: and beside 
97,prepare for thyself, thou, and all thy company that are assembled unto thee, and be thou a guard 
88,w thee my faith by my works. 
Thou believest that there is one God; thou doest well: the
80, keep my commandments, and do them; though there were of you cast out unto the u
99,his iniquity. 
And the flesh that toucheth any unclean thing shall not be eaten; it shall be burnt 
100,was afraid before the king and the queen. 
And the king arising from the banquet of wine in his wrat
89,arth; and there fell a noisome and grievous sore upon the men which had the mark of the b
92,s, and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan. 
Fear none of those things which thou shalt 
103,to wrath is of great understanding: but he that is hasty of spirit exalteth folly. 
A sound heart is th
79,a familiar spirit, to enquire of it; 
And enquired not of the LORD: therefore h
76,, who have not bowed the knee to the image of Baal. 
Even so then at this pr
100,tes, in all their burdens, and in all their service: and ye shall appoint unto them in charge all th
102,ay captive. 
Because ye have said, The LORD hath raised us up prophets in Babylon; 
Know that thus sai
72,ith child, and to them that give suck in those days! 
And pray ye that y
76,. And Uriah departed out of the king's house, and there followed him a mess 
82,for my soul is wearied because of murderers. 
Run ye to and fro through the street
82,ou hast rebuked the proud that are cursed, which do err from thy commandments. 
Re
74,hey will say, Arise, and save us. 
But where are thy gods that thou hast m
89,nd that the word of the LORD in thy mouth is truth. 
And it came to pass after many days,
89,tuate northward over against Michmash, and the other southward over against Gibeah. 
And 
103,host of the tribe of the children of Gad was Eliasaph the son of Deuel. 
And the Kohathites set forward
79, given to him that is in misery, and life unto the bitter in soul; 
Which long 
103, hire. Go not from house to house. 
And into whatsoever city ye enter, and they receive you, eat such t
78,re, and bless you, as he hath promised you!) 
How can I myself alone bear your
99, thou disquieted within me? hope in God: for I shall yet praise him, who is the health of my counte
100,it came to pass, when all the people were clean passed over Jordan, that the LORD spake unto Joshua,
107,ok Sarah. 
But God came to Abimelech in a dream by night, and said to him, Behold, thou art but a dead man,
99,, and the name of the other Rechab, the sons of Rimmon a Beerothite, of the children of Benjamin: (
95,ant: for thou art even as Pharaoh. 
My lord asked his servants, saying, Have ye a father, or a 
85,ut of his belly shall flow rivers of living water. 
(But this spake he of the Spirit,
83,ievest with all thine heart, thou mayest. And he answered and said, I believe that 
105, a Jew, whose name was Barjesus: 
Which was with the deputy of the country, Sergius Paulus, a prudent man
72,cried, A lion: My lord, I stand continually upon the watchtower in the d
77,t a step between me and death. 
Then said Jonathan unto David, Whatsoever thy
80,ny nations, according to that which was spoken, So shall thy seed be. 
And being
90,great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and thre
74,like Job, who drinketh up scorning like water? 
Which goeth in company wit
93,hat he was manifested to take away our sins; and in him is no sin. 
Whosoever abideth in him 
81,l these had taken strange wives: and some of them had wives by whom they had chil
93, ten. 
And he sent Judah before him unto Joseph, to direct his face unto Goshen; and they cam
107,ll reach: 
And they shall be upon Aaron, and upon his sons, when they come in unto the tabernacle of the co
96, according to the offerings made by fire unto the LORD: it is a sin offering. 
And the priest sh
97,he mount of Olives. 
Then saith Jesus unto them, All ye shall be offended because of me this nigh
74,r: 
Lest he that heareth it put thee to shame, and thine infamy turn not a
107,s, I perceive that in all things ye are too superstitious. 
For as I passed by, and beheld your devotions, 
82,ns, and their countries, 
And have cast their gods into the fire: for they were no
105,l on my face. 
Then the spirit entered into me, and set me upon my feet, and spake with me, and said unto
96,e just. 
Yea, in the way of thy judgments, O LORD, have we waited for thee; the desire of our so
91,my brethren, rejoice in the Lord. To write the same things to you, to me indeed is not grie
79,e heart of him that hath understanding seeketh knowledge: but the mouth of fool
80,is ways. 
And all people of the earth shall see that thou art called by the name
95,ffering for it every morning, the sixth part of an ephah, and the third part of an hin of oil, 
78,herubims: and the two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, were there with the ar
78, chariot. 
And Ben-hadad said unto him, The cities, which my father took from 
100, you in the time of your tribulation. 
And the children of Israel said unto the LORD, We have sinned
80, as the sycomore trees that are in the low plains in abundance. 
And they brough
82,rit: the terrors of God do set themselves in array against me. 
Doth the wild ass 
87,crificed peace offerings. 
And he wrote there upon the stones a copy of the law of Mose
74,e dwelled safe. 
And when ye saw that Nahash the king of the children of A
75, the hoar frost on the ground. 
And when the children of Israel saw it, the
99,g the same conflict which ye saw in me, and now hear to be in me. 
If there be therefore any consol
75,arriors, to fight against the house of Israel, to bring the kingdom again t
106,death of his saints. 
O LORD, truly I am thy servant; I am thy servant, and the son of thine handmaid: tho
84, roll in his hand, and came unto them. 
And they said unto him, Sit down now, and re
107,hich they serve, even the service of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
Neither must the children of Isra
93,g made by fire unto the LORD for a sweet savour: and the drink offering thereof shall be of w
72,e tower, and fought against it, and went hard unto the door of the tower
103,ried him with his fathers in the field of the burial which belonged to the kings; for they said, He is 
102, of the tabernacle, and anointed Solomon. And they blew the trumpet; and all the people said, God save
87,om of his father, he strengthened himself, and slew all his brethren with the sword, an
107,n taketh a gift out of the bosom to pervert the ways of judgment. 
Wisdom is before him that hath understan
76,e Lord GOD. Repent, and turn yourselves from all your transgressions; so ini
83,sun went down upon them when they were by Gibeah, which belongeth to Benjamin. 
And
94,hua commanded, and took up twelve stones out of the midst of Jordan, as the LORD spake unto Jo
102,lves before the LORD, and Satan came also among them to present himself before the LORD. 
And the LORD
101, the hem thereof; and bells of gold between them round about: 
A golden bell and a pomegranate, a gol
73,behold, there stood before me as the appearance of a man. 
And I heard a 
93,em with anger, being grieved for the hardness of their hearts, he saith unto the man, Stretch
73, the oblation shall be five and twenty thousand by five and twenty thousa
101,Amen. 
The prayers of David the son of Jesse are ended. 
Truly God is good to Israel, even to such as
96, right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city. 
For without are d
92,iah king of Judah, unto the carrying away of Jerusalem captive in the fifth month. 
Then the
108,m. 
And he sent messengers throughout all Manasseh; who also was gathered after him: and he sent messengers 
97, overtake you as a thief. 
Ye are all the children of light, and the children of the day: we are 
101,ur peace offerings; that they may be to you for a memorial before your God: I am the LORD your God. 

78, yourselves unto God, as those that are alive from the dead, and your members 
92,standing; 
To receive the instruction of wisdom, justice, and judgment, and equity; 
To give
85,, and let him appoint officers over the land, and take up the fifth part of the land 
80,David spake before concerning Judas, which was guide to them that took Jesus. 
F
95,branches: 
To the end that none of all the trees by the waters exalt themselves for their heigh
73,ng; for judgment is toward you, because ye have been a snare on Mizpah, a
72, saved them out of their distresses. 
He brought them out of darkness an
98,he same is he brought in bondage. 
For if after they have escaped the pollutions of the world thro
102,campeth against thee: thou hast put them to shame, because God hath despised them. 
Oh that the salvat
98, the people, and officers over them; and bring them unto the tabernacle of the congregation, that 
76,elt among plants and hedges: there they dwelt with the king for his work. 
T
86,ers, and he was buried in the city of David his father: and Rehoboam his son reigned i
89, in all thine increase, and in all the works of thine hands, therefore thou shalt surely 
88,on, which shall march through the breadth of the land, to possess the dwellingplaces tha
85,remembered. 
And it shall come to pass after the end of seventy years, that the LORD 
95,And he said unto them, Ye know how that it is an unlawful thing for a man that is a Jew to keep
100,his father, the Korahites, were over the work of the service, keepers of the gates of the tabernacle
80, 
Then Job answered the LORD, and said, 
Behold, I am vile; what shall I answer 
88,e fuller's field. 
Then came forth unto him Eliakim, Hilkiah's son, which was over the h
105,every living thing, and the breath of all mankind. 
Doth not the ear try words? and the mouth taste his m
82,h, what shall I answer him? 
Did not he that made me in the womb make him? and did
105,en that drew sword. 
And Gideon went up by the way of them that dwelt in tents on the east of Nobah and J
102,, my son: only obey my voice, and go fetch me them. 
And he went, and fetched, and brought them to his
97,skins, and shittim wood, 
Oil for the light, spices for anointing oil, and for sweet incense, 
On
78,are the goings out of the city on the north side, four thousand and five hundr
74,d. 
And the saying pleased the whole multitude: and they chose Stephen, a 
78, against the fenced cities, and against the high towers. 
And I will bring dis
100,ncellor, and Shimshai the scribe, and the rest of their companions; the Dinaites, the Apharsathchite
94,of Ahitub. 
And he enquired of the LORD for him, and gave him victuals, and gave him the sword
78,
Let the lying lips be put to silence; which speak grievous things proudly and
96,y Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ. 
No man hath seen God at any time, the only b
105,athers. 
Of Gershon was the family of the Libnites, and the family of the Shimites: these are the familie
86,ll spread forth his hands in the midst of them, as he that swimmeth spreadeth forth hi
86,as to the small: 
Beside their genealogy of males, from three years old and upward, ev
85,e thy plagues; O grave, I will be thy destruction: repentance shall be hid from mine 
83,im a great heap of stones unto this day. So the LORD turned from the fierceness of 
73, said unto her, Thy sins are forgiven. 
And they that sat at meat with hi
99,st Jesus with eternal glory. 
It is a faithful saying: For if we be dead with him, we shall also li
95, 
And Israel saw that great work which the LORD did upon the Egyptians: and the people feared t
106,midst of his house, and shall consume it with the timber thereof and the stones thereof. 
Then the angel t
94,on should come and smite the land of Egypt. 
Declare ye in Egypt, and publish in Migdol, and p
106,e people are yet too many; bring them down unto the water, and I will try them for thee there: and it shal
81,e word of God among them. 
And when Gallio was the deputy of Achaia, the Jews mad
80, people. 
And it came to pass, when Solomon had finished the building of the hou
98,saying, Prophesy not in the name of the LORD, that thou die not by our hand: 
Therefore thus saith
80,h a piece of a new garment upon an old; if otherwise, then both the new maketh a
95,nth was Shamhuth the Izrahite: and in his course were twenty and four thousand. 
The sixth capt
95, and will sing praise to the name of the LORD most high. 
O LORD, our Lord, how excellent is th
73,id diligently observe whether any thing would come from him, and did hast
81,n their inclosings. 
And the stones shall be with the names of the children of Is
75, to sing praises unto our God; for it is pleasant; and praise is comely. 
T
102,go out free for nothing. 
If he came in by himself, he shall go out by himself: if he were married, th
77, set the Levites before Aaron, and before his sons, and offer them for an off
87,e LORD; and they that have brought it together shall drink it in the courts of my holin
85,e delivereth the poor in his affliction, and openeth their ears in oppression. 
Even 
87,athers. 
So Solomon, and all the congregation with him, went to the high place that was
76,fieth himself, even as he is pure. 
Whosoever committeth sin transgresseth a
93,is a certain man left in bonds by Felix: 
About whom, when I was at Jerusalem, the chief prie
87, her neighbour, jewels of silver and jewels of gold. 
And the LORD gave the people favo
73,r ever. 
And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left in thine 
94,
Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed. 
In that day, he which shal
84, things. 
To whom ye forgive any thing, I forgive also: for if I forgave any thing, 
100,
And they lifted up their voices, and said, Jesus, Master, have mercy on us. 
And when he saw them, 
74,o him. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, The man shall be surely put to death
100,et before them. 
If thou buy an Hebrew servant, six years he shall serve: and in the seventh he shal
93,r than snow, they were whiter than milk, they were more ruddy in body than rubies, their poli
81, not? 
Now therefore come, let me, I pray thee, give thee counsel, that thou maye
86,halom. 
And he walked in all the sins of his father, which he had done before him: and
85,f Gad according to those that were numbered of them, forty thousand and five hundred.
108,ve not blessed me, and if he were not warmed with the fleece of my sheep; 
If I have lifted up my hand again
84,, and they shall drink thy milk. 
And I will make Rabbah a stable for camels, and th
90,th understanding wisdom is found: but a rod is for the back of him that is void of underst
76,n that is a sinner. 
And Zacchaeus stood, and said unto the Lord: Behold, Lo
95,nd my statutes, which I commanded my servants the prophets, did they not take hold of your fath
97, the east wind upon the earth? 
Who hath divided a watercourse for the overflowing of waters, or 
105,ressors. 
For whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all. 
For 
83,they neither found me in the temple disputing with any man, neither raising up the 
84,ot, brethren, (for I speak to them that know the law,) how that the law hath dominio
93,priest shall see him: and, behold, if the rising be white in the skin, and it have turned the
96,g to his will; and he shall exalt himself, and magnify himself above every god, and shall speak 
75,x days the LORD made heaven and earth, and on the seventh day he rested, an
93, out according to their journeys by the commandment of the LORD: and these are their journeys
73,unrighteousness with God? God forbid. 
For he saith to Moses, I will have
76,lieve their souls. 
Behold, O LORD; for I am in distress: my bowels are trou
108,read unto thy men that are weary? 
And he took the elders of the city, and thorns of the wilderness and brie
90,ave been for their welfare, let it become a trap. 
Let their eyes be darkened, that they s
105,ak. 
So he came to the king. And the king said unto him, Micaiah, shall we go against Ramothgilead to bat
94,he graves after his resurrection, and went into the holy city, and appeared unto many. 
Now wh
104,ct him, and his strength went from him. 
And she said, The Philistines be upon thee, Samson. And he awok
101,the gold of Sheba: prayer also shall be made for him continually; and daily shall he be praised. 
The
98,id said unto Gad, I am in a great strait: let me fall now into the hand of the LORD; for very grea
74,all not be a burden upon your shoulders: serve now the LORD your God, and 
105,s a foot breadth; because I have given mount Seir unto Esau for a possession. 
Ye shall buy meat of them 
105,hey marvelled at him. 
Then come unto him the Sadducees, which say there is no resurrection; and they ask
93,ed unto me at that time also. 
And the LORD was very angry with Aaron to have destroyed him: 
79,ne hour after another confidently affirmed, saying, Of a truth this fellow also
79,hey passed over Jordan, and pitched in Aroer, on the right side of the city tha
86,he way, when his wrath is kindled but a little. Blessed are all they that put their tr
77, 
Moreover the Philistines had yet war again with Israel; and David went down
72,fore the tabernacle of the congregation: and all the congregation drew n
87,, and all his sons, and the whole house of the Rechabites; 
And I brought them into the
104,other by violence, and did that which is not good among his people, lo, even he shall die in his iniquit
83,nleavened bread seven days. 
And there was no passover like to that kept in Israel 
78,I travail not, nor bring forth children, neither do I nourish up young men, no
105,and wondered at the gracious words which proceeded out of his mouth. And they said, Is not this Joseph's 
107,away from iniquity. 
For the priest's lips should keep knowledge, and they should seek the law at his mouth
73,ver from the LORD. 
So Benaiah the son of Jehoiada went up, and fell upon
88,, not because of thy saying: for we have heard him ourselves, and know that this is inde
79, long shall it be then, ere thou bid the people return from following their bre
79,ing and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs
97,hen thou wast faint and weary; and he feared not God. 
Therefore it shall be, when the LORD thy G
80, those that were numbered of the Levites, whom Moses and Aaron and the chief of 
92, the son of Joseph, which was the son of Jonan, which was the son of Eliakim, 
Which was the
105,old wisdom, and madness, and folly: for what can the man do that cometh after the king? even that which h
106,he morrow after the seventh sabbath shall ye number fifty days; and ye shall offer a new meat offering unt
96,rawn swords. 
Cast thy burden upon the LORD, and he shall sustain thee: he shall never suffer th
80,et they shall use this speech in the land of Judah and in the cities thereof, wh
89,ople; and they shall say, Thou art my God. 
Then said the LORD unto me, Go yet, love a wo
79, How dreadful is this place! this is none other but the house of God, and this 
91,st high over all the earth. 
How amiable are thy tabernacles, O LORD of hosts! 
My soul lon
86,Balaam was come, he went out to meet him unto a city of Moab, which is in the border o
76,nces of the provinces, being before him: 
When he shewed the riches of his g
90, because they had chariots of iron. 
And they gave Hebron unto Caleb, as Moses said: and h
77,LORD of hosts. 
Your words have been stout against me, saith the LORD. Yet ye
82,ren, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine, by the slei
82,o the battle; but put thou on thy robes. So the king of Israel disguised himself; 
76,; because they have despised the law of the LORD, and have not kept his comm
96,ain into Cana of Galilee, where he made the water wine. And there was a certain nobleman, whose 
91,ed of us mirth, saying, Sing us one of the songs of Zion. 
How shall we sing the LORD's son
94,t by reason of the multitude of the wares of thy making: they occupied in thy fairs with emera
82,, That none of those men which were bidden shall taste of my supper. 
And there we
94,ere. 
And Solomon went to Hamathzobah, and prevailed against it. 
And he built Tadmor in the w
93,use thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee, that thou shalt be no priest to me
87, king. 
And there went over a ferry boat to carry over the king's household, and to do 
91,vide for an inheritance the land, which I sware unto their fathers to give them. 
Only be t
81,ich God had said to David and to Solomon his son, In this house, and in Jerusalem
88,scariot, the son of Simon. 
And after the sop Satan entered into him. Then said Jesus un
77, good land which the LORD your God hath given you. 
When ye have transgressed
98,none pursueth: and ye shall have no power to stand before your enemies. 
And ye shall perish among
103,aniah, Bezaleel, and Binnui, and Manasseh. 
And of the sons of Harim; Eliezer, Ishijah, Malchiah, Shema
73,minations he shall make it desolate, even until the consummation, and tha
100,; 
That search may be made in the book of the records of thy fathers: so shalt thou find in the book
96,ll reap the whirlwind: it hath no stalk; the bud shall yield no meal: if so be it yield, the str
73,after he begat Eber four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daug
100,rth. 
After it a voice roareth: he thundereth with the voice of his excellency; and he will not stay
73, 
Verily, verily, I say unto thee, When thou wast young, thou girdest thy
82,red the sword; and I will bring a sword upon you, saith the Lord GOD. 
And I will 
106,eescore and ten palm trees; and they pitched there. 
And they removed from Elim, and encamped by the Red s
75,and the prophet have erred through strong drink, they are swallowed up of w
87,Meshullam the son of Shephathiah, the son of Reuel, the son of Ibnijah; 
And their bret
76,t she had waited, and her hope was lost, then she took another of her whelps
84,. 
The heart of the righteous studieth to answer: but the mouth of the wicked pouret
103, restrained? 
Doubtless thou art our father, though Abraham be ignorant of us, and Israel acknowledge u
82, thou? 
And he said, I seek my brethren: tell me, I pray thee, where they feed the
77,and said, Holy, holy, holy, is the LORD of hosts: the whole earth is full of 
107, should offer it with the prayers of all saints upon the golden altar which was before the throne. 
And the
97, destruction throughout all the city; the hand of God was very heavy there. 
And the men that die
77,he children of Israel, saying, If any man of you or of your posterity shall b
91,rs of Israel; and thy rod, wherewith thou smotest the river, take in thine hand, and go. 
B
105,in the roll, which thou hast written from my mouth, the words of the LORD in the ears of the people in th
80,d God heard their groaning, and God remembered his covenant with Abraham, with I
77,Kishion, and Abez, 
And Remeth, and Engannim, and Enhaddah, and Bethpazzez; 

107,e act. 
Now therefore be ye not mockers, lest your bands be made strong: for I have heard from the Lord GOD
100, and of power: 
That your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God. 
How
103,ece of silver and a morsel of bread, and shall say, Put me, I pray thee, into one of the priests' offic
104,. 
And David was then in an hold, and the garrison of the Philistines was then in Bethlehem. 
And David 
96, queen instead of Vashti. And the thing pleased the king; and he did so. 
Now in Shushan the pal
105,mong men, whereby we must be saved. 
Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that
74,ogether, let not man put asunder. 
And in the house his disciples asked hi
90,ded me; the keepers of the walls took away my veil from me. 
I charge you, O daughters of 
76, a voice from heaven, saying, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well plea
101,stones: thou washest away the things which grow out of the dust of the earth; and thou destroyest the
108,s said unto him, Behold now, we have heard that the kings of the house of Israel are merciful kings: let us,
91,pted in his own country. 
But I tell you of a truth, many widows were in Israel in the days
91,at I may answer him that reproacheth me. 
A prudent man foreseeth the evil, and hideth hims
94,me and thee, and between my father and thy father: behold, I have sent unto thee a present of 
78,t please thee to bless the house of thy servant, that it may be before thee fo
95, to uncover their nakedness: I am the LORD. 
The nakedness of thy father, or the nakedness of t
81,d wonder marvelously: for I will work a work in your days which ye will not belie
72,have seen him go into heaven. 
Then returned they unto Jerusalem from th
86,for ever. 
Thou son of man, shew the house to the house of Israel, that they may be as
103,came to the king of Israel, and said, Thy servant Benhadad saith, I pray thee, let me live. And he said
90,th done this thing. 
Then the men of the city said unto Joash, Bring out thy son, that he 
100, with fire, nor unto blackness, and darkness, and tempest, 
And the sound of a trumpet, and the voic
76,e of people is the king's honour: but in the want of people is the destructi
78,out thirty thousand mighty men of valour, and sent them away by night. 
And he
91,s, and wiped his feet with her hair: and the house was filled with the odour of the ointmen
88,but they shall not touch any holy thing, lest they die. These things are the burden of t
98,ite, and said, 
Therefore do my thoughts cause me to answer, and for this I make haste. 
I have he
101, them out unto us, that we may know them. 
And Lot went out at the door unto them, and shut the door 
80,ty, both man and woman, young and old, and ox, and sheep, and ass, with the edge
100,m, I have heard thy prayer, and have chosen this place to myself for an house of sacrifice. 
If I sh
93, a sheep, or a goat, is brought forth, then it shall be seven days under the dam; and from th
106,i the Hushathite slew Saph, which was of the sons of the giant. 
And there was again a battle in Gob with 
94, them marry: for it is better to marry than to burn. 
And unto the married I command, yet not 
98, down hither? and with whom hast thou left those few sheep in the wilderness? I know thy pride, an
95, thence, that he might bring us in, to give us the land which he sware unto our fathers. 
And t
81,easured nor laid up; for her merchandise shall be for them that dwell before the 
75,t away to the Chaldeans. 
Then said Jeremiah, It is false; I fall not away 
74,The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troub
97,use ye are not of my sheep, as I said unto you. 
My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and the
103,he hand of Israel? But he answered him not that day. 
And Saul said, Draw ye near hither, all the chief
95,ody. 
For we which live are alway delivered unto death for Jesus' sake, that the life also of J
75,LORD was too little to receive the burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and
75,nobles of the people digged it, by the direction of the lawgiver, with thei
101,and both are preserved. 
While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, a
75,consent: they are confederate against thee: 
The tabernacles of Edom, and t
75,st the house of Jeroboam with the sword. 
Then Amaziah the priest of Bethel
85,ught the men into Joseph's house. 
And the men were afraid, because they were brought
82, the law: 
For we have heard him say, that this Jesus of Nazareth shall destroy th
85,ple in the LORD's house upon the fasting day: and also thou shalt read them in the ea
100,e Greek tongue hath his name Apollyon. 
One woe is past; and, behold, there come two woes more herea
84,o Lebanon, unto the great river, the river Euphrates. 
Behold, I have set the land b
90,ke this word unto Moses, while the children of Israel wandered in the wilderness: and now,
73,e heard these things, both we, and they of that place, besought him not t
73,course of the second month was Dodai an Ahohite, and of his course was Mi
80,for an occasion to the flesh, but by love serve one another. 
For all the law is
83, when the woman saw Samuel, she cried with a loud voice: and the woman spake to Sau
93,ed to give him money. 
And he promised, and sought opportunity to betray him unto them in the
108,bones; it is withered, it is become like a stick. 
They that be slain with the sword are better than they th
96,f the children of Levi four thousand and six hundred. 
And Jehoiada was the leader of the Aaroni
85,eir, Watchman, what of the night? Watchman, what of the night? 
The watchman said, Th
99,d is not in us. 
My little children, these things write I unto you, that ye sin not. And if any man
80, 
But the Spirit of the LORD departed from Saul, and an evil spirit from the LOR
105,k, 
And Jehozadak went into captivity, when the LORD carried away Judah and Jerusalem by the hand of Nebu
104,stament, which is shed for many for the remission of sins. 
But I say unto you, I will not drink hencefo
83, inheritance: I am their inheritance: and ye shall give them no possession in Israe
74,ep. 
Cursed shalt thou be when thou comest in, and cursed shalt thou be wh
89,n offering by fire unto the LORD, a burnt offering, or a sacrifice in performing a vow, o
89,of the consecration, even of that which is for Aaron, and of that which is for his sons: 
91,r end of the spear smote him under the fifth rib, that the spear came out behind him; and h
94, my words in thy mouth fire, and this people wood, and it shall devour them. 
Lo, I will bring
101, comforted concerning Amnon, seeing he was dead. 
Now Joab the son of Zeruiah perceived that the king
108,the LORD. 
I will pay my vows unto the LORD now in the presence of all his people. 
Precious in the sight of
97, others also, which had diseases in the island, came, and were healed: 
Who also honoured us with
88, grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption. 
L
92,s judgment is come: and worship him that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the founta
106,w, as under the law, that I might gain them that are under the law; 
To them that are without law, as with
74, and set men by it for to keep them: 
And stay ye not, but pursue after yo
79,main in the land which Moses gave you on this side Jordan; but ye shall pass be
74,ered and said unto the servants of Balak, If Balak would give me his house
73, work of Christ he was nigh unto death, not regarding his life, to supply
91,pted themselves; they are quickly turned aside out of the way which I commanded them; they 
88,side to uncleanness with another instead of thy husband, be thou free from this bitter w
73,id Nathan speak unto David. 
And David the king came and sat before the L
105,e tribe of the children of Asher, Ahihud the son of Shelomi. 
And the prince of the tribe of the children
87,rns, and the purple robe. And Pilate saith unto them, Behold the man! 
When the chief p
83, with the heads of these men? 
Is not this David, of whom they sang one to another 
80,n the captain of the guard carried away captive certain of the poor of the peopl
107, of the Chaldeans slain. 
And Darius the Median took the kingdom, being about threescore and two years old.
75, seek, shall suddenly come to his temple, even the messenger of the covenan
75,the space of two full years. And the prophet Jeremiah went his way. 
Then t
72,nare for him that reproveth in the gate, and turn aside the just for a t
84,ateth those that are afflicted by it; and a flattering mouth worketh ruin. 
Boast no
107,nd into the chamber of her that conceived me. 
I charge you, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, by the roes, and 
103,h gate, and an howling from the second, and a great crashing from the hills. 
Howl, ye inhabitants of M
108,ferings: for this liketh you, O ye children of Israel, saith the Lord GOD. 
And I also have given you cleann
80,es, neither is there any end of their chariots: 
Their land also is full of idol
85,is in the land, and of great destruction. 
How is the hammer of the whole earth cut a
106,ouse, and spake unto them, saying, See, he hath brought in an Hebrew unto us to mock us; he came in unto m
107, 
And at the side without, as one goeth up to the entry of the north gate, were two tables; and on the othe
107,wer me. 
When thou saidst, Seek ye my face; my heart said unto thee, Thy face, LORD, will I seek. 
Hide not
99,anasseh, for every matter pertaining to God, and affairs of the king. 
Now the children of Israel a
107, sight as grasshoppers, and so we were in their sight. 
And all the congregation lifted up their voice, and
86,ed David against the band of the rovers: for they were all mighty men of valour, and w
98,l his prophets. And the Lord said, Thou shalt entice him, and thou shalt also prevail: go out, and
91, Lord. 
Therefore judge nothing before the time, until the Lord come, who both will bring t
75,ain on the south of Jeshimon. 
Saul also and his men went to seek him. And 
94, high priest in things pertaining to God, to make reconciliation for the sins of the people. 

87,RD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus saith the LORD; Say, A sw
106, part of the same; that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death, that is, the devil
86,consumed, and the birds; because they said, He shall not see our last end. 
If thou ha
91,plexed, but not in despair; 
Persecuted, but not forsaken; cast down, but not destroyed; 
A
81,went into the country. 
And they went and told it unto the residue: neither belie
96, like a dragon, he hath filled his belly with my delicates, he hath cast me out. 
The violence d
74,nd true are thy ways, thou King of saints. 
Who shall not fear thee, O Lor
86,hem, Yet a little while am I with you, and then I go unto him that sent me. 
Ye shall 
86,, Let my lord speak; for thou hast strengthened me. 
Then said he, Knowest thou wheref
76, weeping, and thine eyes from tears: for thy work shall be rewarded, saith t
106,relieve the soul: see, O LORD, and consider; for I am become vile. 
Is it nothing to you, all ye that pass
90,n signet, and with the signet of his lords; that the purpose might not be changed concerni
85,u with all joy and peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope, through the power 
102,t he may withdraw man from his purpose, and hide pride from man. 
He keepeth back his soul from the pi
107,l; much less for a servant to have rule over princes. 
The discretion of a man deferreth his anger; and it 
82,at the shewbread, and gave also to them that were with him; which it is not lawful
100, thy palaces shall be spoiled. 
Thus saith the LORD; As the shepherd taketh out of the mouth of the 
72, Shelah my son be grown: for he said, Lest peradventure he die also, as 
106,his own life, in the day of thy fall. 
For thus saith the Lord GOD; The sword of the king of Babylon shall
93,ead. 
For I was alive without the law once: but when the commandment came, sin revived, and I
94,
For this cause, when I could no longer forbear, I sent to know your faith, lest by some means
99,d Reba, five kings of Midian: Balaam also the son of Beor they slew with the sword. 
And the childr
97,anged: 
There is a man in thy kingdom, in whom is the spirit of the holy gods; and in the days of
75,parents brought in the child Jesus, to do for him after the custom of the l
97, Art thou an Ephraimite? If he said, Nay; 
Then said they unto him, Say now Shibboleth: and he sa
80,mbers was the entry on the east side, as one goeth into them from the utter cour
75,ness unto the Red sea, and came to Kadesh; 
Then Israel sent messengers unt
95,and said unto the LORD, Respect not thou their offering: I have not taken one ass from them, ne
77, I also will shew mine opinion. 
For I am full of matter, the spirit within m
83, and Jaazer, and Jogbehah, 
And Bethnimrah, and Bethharan, fenced cities: and folds
74,come? or look we for another? 
And in that same hour he cured many of thei
103,ind at her pleasure; in her occasion who can turn her away? all they that seek her will not weary thems
108,habitants of the world. 
Mine age is departed, and is removed from me as a shepherd's tent: I have cut off l
101,rvant taste what I eat or what I drink? can I hear any more the voice of singing men and singing wome
78,reasure of the work threescore and one thousand drams of gold, and five thousa
90,wn down: Sharon is like a wilderness; and Bashan and Carmel shake off their fruits. 
Now w
88, know that I, the LORD, which call thee by thy name, am the God of Israel. 
For Jacob my
87, and Abednego: therefore he spake, and commanded that they should heat the furnace one 
101,mocked me: I would there were a sword in mine hand, for now would I kill thee. 
And the ass said unto
93,t work, that for this a man is envied of his neighbour. This is also vanity and vexation of s
91, but of the living. 
And when the multitude heard this, they were astonished at his doctrin
104,our all the blood of the bullock at the bottom of the altar of the burnt offering, which is at the door 
106,g they hearkened not unto Moses; but some of them left of it until the morning, and it bred worms, and sta
89,all worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from t
99,wed it with salt. 
And when all the men of the tower of Shechem heard that, they entered into an ho
77,Who shall descend into the deep? (that is, to bring up Christ again from the 
92,dead lion. 
For the living know that they shall die: but the dead know not any thing, neithe
72,, of the children of Perez; 
And Maaseiah the son of Baruch, the son of 
80,of the three: for lifting up his spear against three hundred, he slew them, and 
104,take her again to be his wife, after that she is defiled; for that is abomination before the LORD: and t
72,wherein is no water. 
Turn you to the strong hold, ye prisoners of hope:
92,. 
This is the service of the families of the sons of Gershon in the tabernacle of the congr
72,ill break of day, so he departed. 
And they brought the young man alive,
107,to my face. 
He teareth me in his wrath, who hateth me: he gnasheth upon me with his teeth; mine enemy shar
105,smuch as he hath no part nor inheritance with you. 
Take heed to thyself that thou offer not thy burnt of
96,n into Judas surnamed Iscariot, being of the number of the twelve. 
And he went his way, and com
84, they may return every man from his evil way; that I may forgive their iniquity and 
88,laid his hands upon a few sick folk, and healed them. 
And he marvelled because of their
102,tle you. 
To him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen. 
By Silvanus, a faithful brother unto 
99,and shall declare his cause in the ears of the elders of that city, they shall take him into the ci
105,Azel his son: 
And Azel had six sons, whose names are these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah,
99,ch they had spun, both of blue, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of fine linen. 
And all the wome
97,unto the mount of Olives. 
And early in the morning he came again into the temple, and all the pe
72, the LORD, or if to offer thereon burnt offering or meat offering, or if
86,n eunuch, which had the charge of the men of war; and seven men of them that were near
76, voice forbad the madness of the prophet. 
These are wells without water, cl
95,et Michael the archangel, when contending with the devil he disputed about the body of Moses, d
80,sts dwell with thee, Moab; be thou a covert to them from the face of the spoiler
74,ead of Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest; 
And speak unto him, s
103, the whole family which I brought up from the land of Egypt, saying, 
You only have I known of all the 
97,lias; and others, One of the prophets. 
And he saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am? And Pe
78, all the servants of king David: and all the people and all the mighty men wer
103,ing to his charge. 
And God gave Solomon wisdom and understanding exceeding much, and largeness of hear
76,r an offering of the children of Israel, that they may execute the service o
85,d a widow woman, and mine husband is dead. 
And thy handmaid had two sons, and they t
95,mon thrust out Abiathar from being priest unto the LORD; that he might fulfil the word of the L
107,d the east; and it was shut. 
Then said the LORD unto me; This gate shall be shut, it shall not be opened, 
76,on the right hand and on the left: and Jerusalem shall be inhabited again in
107,ty thousand measures of wheat for food to his household, and twenty measures of pure oil: thus gave Solomon
86,hy wine, and thine oil, the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of thy sheep, in the 
86,n the other side Jordan! 
O LORD, what shall I say, when Israel turneth their backs be
76,over his father's skirt. 
He that is wounded in the stones, or hath his priv
93,on my face, and cried with a loud voice, and said, Ah Lord GOD! wilt thou make a full end of 
75, seek after my soul: let them be turned back and brought to confusion that 
90, own heart, this man's religion is vain. 
Pure religion and undefiled before God and the F
108,
Then David said, None ought to carry the ark of God but the Levites: for them hath the LORD chosen to carry
81, mine heart, and the year of my redeemed is come. 
And I looked, and there was no
72,s against Jeremiah; for the law shall not perish from the priest, nor co
79, man. 
The earth mourneth and languisheth: Lebanon is ashamed and hewn down: Sh
79,LORD being merciful unto him: and they brought him forth, and set him without t
101,ye strive together with me in your prayers to God for me; 
That I may be delivered from them that do 
94,at: for the LORD hath spoken it. 
Arise thou therefore, get thee to thine own house: and when 
87, men, as musical instruments, and that of all sorts. 
So I was great, and increased mor
79,y shall not be sown: yea, their stock shall not take root in the earth: and he 
81,e moved. 
But thou, O God, shalt bring them down into the pit of destruction: blo
75,e priest to the prophet Jeremiah, saying, Pray now unto the LORD our God fo
105,to the LORD. 
And he said, Be it far from me, O LORD, that I should do this: is not this the blood of the
75,he cities, and fled; and the Philistines came and dwelt in them. 
And it ca
106,se things that were done, they feared greatly, saying, Truly this was the Son of God. 
And many women were
91, he spake that saying openly. And Peter took him, and began to rebuke him. 
But when he had
105,on desired to build in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and throughout all the land of his dominion. 
As for al
87,d in one body by the cross, having slain the enmity thereby: 
And came and preached pea
89,udah had shut him up, saying, Wherefore dost thou prophesy, and say, Thus saith the LORD,
75,nd he said unto me, Who art thou? And I answered him, I am an Amalekite. 
H
107,ow that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will. 
The same hour was
87,say unto God my rock, Why hast thou forgotten me? why go I mourning because of the oppr
83, friend. 
Now therefore be content, look upon me; for it is evident unto you if I l
82,ers of the people, and their officers, saying, 
Ye shall no more give the people s
100,son buried they in the country of Benjamin in Zelah, in the sepulchre of Kish his father: and they p
75,: let nothing of her be left. 
Slay all her bullocks; let them go down to t
82,ry man according to his several ability; and straightway took his journey. 
Then h
89, believed, saying, That it was needful to circumcise them, and to command them to keep th
79,e they have sinned against thee, and shall turn again to thee, and confess thy 
74,e enemies. 
Give ear to my prayer, O God; and hide not thyself from my sup
91, of Imlah, by whom we may enquire of the LORD: but I hate him; for he doth not prophesy goo
85,amuel, she cried with a loud voice: and the woman spake to Saul, saying, Why hast tho
82,about purifying. 
And they came unto John, and said unto him, Rabbi, he that was w
102,laming fire in their land. 
He smote their vines also and their fig trees; and brake the trees of thei
94,d generation. 
When the host goeth forth against thine enemies, then keep thee from every wick
95,ys shall the righteous flourish; and abundance of peace so long as the moon endureth. 
He shall
108,have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law; 
(For not the hearers of the law are just before God, but
75,han all the kings of Israel that were before him. 
In his days did Hiel the
90,ck, and as the hart. 
Only thou shalt not eat the blood thereof; thou shalt pour it upon t
72,which we did eat in Egypt freely; the cucumbers, and the melons, and the
96, write it; and our princes, Levites, and priests, seal unto it. 
Now those that sealed were, Neh
74,waters, when he shot forth. 
All the fowls of heaven made their nests in h
91,; I am bowed down greatly; I go mourning all the day long. 
For my loins are filled with a 
91,est's office. 
And Nadab and Abihu died before the LORD, when they offered strange fire bef
90,the LORD said unto me, I will take my rest, and I will consider in my dwelling place like 
96,ht like the brim of a cup, with flowers of lilies: it contained two thousand baths. 
And he made
85,ray thee, speak unto the king; for he will not withhold me from thee. 
Howbeit he wou
82,ained favour in the sight of all them that looked upon her. 
So Esther was taken u
94,ed Baalim. 
And the LORD said unto the children of Israel, Did not I deliver you from the Egyp
80, enemy unto Esther the queen. And Mordecai came before the king; for Esther had 
86,h in Christ Jesus. 
For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on C
77,r than the highest regardeth; and there be higher than they. 
Moreover the pr
83,rvants, Is the child dead? And they said, He is dead. 
Then David arose from the ea
73,e, and scarlet, and decked with gold, and precious stones, and pearls! 
F
87,among the thick branches, and she appeared in her height with the multitude of her bran
103, the priests sounded trumpets before them, and all Israel stood. 
Moreover Solomon hallowed the middle 
86,That they may fear thee all the days that they live in the land which thou gavest unto
102,se shall pitch on the side of the tabernacle northward. 
And under the custody and charge of the sons 
104,ked through darkness; 
As I was in the days of my youth, when the secret of God was upon my tabernacle; 
87,eth, 
And the Jebusite, and the Amorite, and the Girgasite, 
And the Hivite, and the Ar
84,t of the tribes of Israel? and my family the least of all the families of the tribe 
79, against me. 
And they have not cried unto me with their heart, when they howle
106,th on our loins, and ropes upon our heads, and go out to the king of Israel: peradventure he will save thy
78,od set the members every one of them in the body, as it hath pleased him. 
And
107,y faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ: 
By whom also we have access by faith into t
92, of many hearts may be revealed. 
And there was one Anna, a prophetess, the daughter of Phan
95,ns, and Moses put of the blood upon the tip of their right ear, and upon the thumbs of their ri
90,pon the inwards, 
And the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, which is by the flanks
99, against the army of Pharaohnecho king of Egypt, which was by the river Euphrates in Carchemish, wh
107, come to die; or he shall descend into battle, and perish. 
The LORD forbid that I should stretch forth min
87,with their fathers in the day that I took them by the hand to bring them out of the lan
72,h was taken with a palsy: and they sought means to bring him in, and to 
77,was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels,
75, namely, Evi, and Rekem, and Zur, and Hur, and Reba, five kings of Midian: 
94,rn. 
The children of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram. 
And the childre
78,ldren of Pahathmoab, of the children of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand eight hu
108,my rest. 
O sing unto the LORD a new song: sing unto the LORD, all the earth. 
Sing unto the LORD, bless his
88,ive your cattle; and I will give you for your cattle, if money fail. 
And they brought t
81, and from the altar and upward shall be four horns. 
And the altar shall be twelv
81,nt. 
Now when the Pharisee which had bidden him saw it, he spake within himself, 
108,which hath made the sea and the dry land. 
Then were the men exceedingly afraid, and said unto him. Why hast
85,he? He said, I know not. 
They brought to the Pharisees him that aforetime was blind.
104,all his heart, and with all his soul, to perform the words of the covenant which are written in this boo
101, unto Mizpah, and gathered wine and summer fruits very much. 
Moreover Johanan the son of Kareah, and
80, me is preferred before me, whose shoe's latchet I am not worthy to unloose. 
Th
92, cast out the beam out of thine own eye; and then shalt thou see clearly to cast out the mot
92,nd pray unto a god that cannot save. 
Tell ye, and bring them near; yea, let them take couns
80,sit at meat with thee. 
For whosoever exalteth himself shall be abased; and he t
102,the LORD by Haggai the prophet, saying, 
Is it time for you, O ye, to dwell in your cieled houses, and
90,e seventh month, on the tenth day of the month, ye shall afflict your souls, and do no wor
94,ted from Zalmonah, and pitched in Punon. 
And they departed from Punon, and pitched in Oboth. 
99, will come, when ye shall desire to see one of the days of the Son of man, and ye shall not see it.
89,as if it were of a garden: he hath destroyed his places of the assembly: the LORD hath ca
83,dst thou set thy servant among them that did eat at thine own table. What right the
101,f Samuel came to all Israel. Now Israel went out against the Philistines to battle, and pitched besid
99,mathite: over the increase of the vineyards for the wine cellars was Zabdi the Shiphmite: 
And over
99,; 
And then the LORD's wrath be kindled against you, and he shut up the heaven, that there be no ra
80, war, nor hear the sound of the trumpet, nor have hunger of bread; and there wil
79,y say to him that fashioneth it, What makest thou? or thy work, He hath no hand
73,rriages with us, and give your daughters unto us, and take our daughters 
99, us a law, even the inheritance of the congregation of Jacob. 
And he was king in Jeshurun, when th
103, David said, To buy the threshingfloor of thee, to build an altar unto the LORD, that the plague may be
93, doings; if ye throughly execute judgment between a man and his neighbour; 
If ye oppress not
101,Gilgal, to go to meet the king, to conduct the king over Jordan. 
And Shimei the son of Gera, a Benja
78,ty of vanities, saith the preacher; all is vanity. 
And moreover, because the 
101,e in the legs of a man. 
The LORD taketh pleasure in them that fear him, in those that hope in his me
101,k as concerning reproach, as though we had been weak. Howbeit whereinsoever any is bold, (I speak foo
100,thou mayest gather in thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil. 
And I will send grass in thy fields fo
98,
These are the sons of Bilhah, which Laban gave unto Rachel his daughter, and she bare these unto 
100,d on the altar of incense, and were appointed for all the work of the place most holy, and to make a
73,er. 
And they said, We will call the damsel, and enquire at her mouth. 
A
76,m with princes, even with the princes of his people. 
He maketh the barren w
88,h, and Haniel, and Rezia. 
All these were the children of Asher, heads of their father's
80,ness will I have mercy on thee, saith the LORD thy Redeemer. 
For this is as the
77,; 
And foundest his heart faithful before thee, and madest a covenant with hi
88,quickly from hence; for thy people which thou hast brought forth out of Egypt have corru
81,me about ten thousand men, all lusty, and all men of valour; and there escaped no
108, children of Judah was too much for them: therefore the children of Simeon had their inheritance within the 
99,do according to this thing: 
Behold, the money, which we found in our sacks' mouths, we brought aga
79,arel, and thy garments like him that treadeth in the winefat? 
I have trodden t
83,Abinadab the second, and Shimma the third, 
Nethaneel the fourth, Raddai the fifth,
89,en; whether in a skin, or in any thing made of skin; 
And if the plague be greenish or re
106,alled David, and Jonathan shewed him all those things. And Jonathan brought David to Saul, and he was in h
99, is in Sechu: and he asked and said, Where are Samuel and David? And one said, Behold, they be at N
99,ar all the words of Sennacherib, which hath sent to reproach the living God. 
Of a truth, LORD, the
107,our God, unto the priests that minister in the house of our God: 
And that we should bring the firstfruits 
87, be devoured by the fire of his jealousy: for he shall make even a speedy riddance of a
85,and though the waves thereof toss themselves, yet can they not prevail; though they r
94,I will offer bullocks with goats. Selah. 
Come and hear, all ye that fear God, and I will decl
89,or Elias, neither that prophet? 
John answered them, saying, I baptize with water: but th
81, and Madmannah, and Sansannah, 
And Lebaoth, and Shilhim, and Ain, and Rimmon: al
88, desire of all nations shall come: and I will fill this house with glory, saith the LORD
93,ts of the wise, that they are vain. 
Therefore let no man glory in men. For all things are yo
99,ith the ram of the trespass offering, and it shall be forgiven him. 
And if a soul sin, and commit 
72,nd at Caesar's judgment seat, where I ought to be judged: to the Jews ha
87,hri, the son of Asaph; 
And Obadiah the son of Shemaiah, the son of Galal, the son of J
99, inherit; Behold, I will pluck them out of their land, and pluck out the house of Judah from among 
101,f I would terrify you by letters. 
For his letters, say they, are weighty and powerful; but his bodil
77,e persecuted us; and they please not God, and are contrary to all men: 
Forbi
75,t us destroy her palaces. 
For thus hath the LORD of hosts said, Hew ye dow
103, and I delivered you out of their hand. 
Yet ye have forsaken me, and served other gods: wherefore I wi
73, salute you. Aquila and Priscilla salute you much in the Lord, with the c
84,the LORD thy God led thee these forty years in the wilderness, to humble thee, and t
76,oward God, and toward men. 
Now after many years I came to bring alms to my 
101,tree, from the kernels even to the husk. 
All the days of the vow of his separation there shall no ra
75,rding to the commandment of Moses, on the sabbaths, and on the new moons, a
83,esses, saith the LORD, that I am God. 
Yea, before the day was I am he; and there i
85,and the kings that were with him, and smote the Rephaims in Ashteroth Karnaim, and th
85,n, The branches were broken off, that I might be graffed in. 
Well; because of unbeli
87,d and waxen great, and thou art come to excellent ornaments: thy breasts are fashioned,
102,D's. 
For the house of Israel and the house of Judah have dealt very treacherously against me, saith t
90, of his temple, and my cry came before him, even into his ears. 
Then the earth shook and 
98,avid, Go up: for I will doubtless deliver the Philistines into thine hand. 
And David came to Baal
72, 
Wherewith thine enemies have reproached, O LORD; wherewith they have r
95, father, but not the daughter of my mother; and she became my wife. 
And it came to pass, when 
91,wledge, and shewed to him the way of understanding? 
Behold, the nations are as a drop of a
108,eturah, Abraham's concubine: she bare Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah. And
98, all that I have commanded thee. 
A sound of battle is in the land, and of great destruction. 
How
101, one mocked of his neighbour, who calleth upon God, and he answereth him: the just upright man is lau
96, shall not be ashamed that wait for me. 
Shall the prey be taken from the mighty, or the lawful 
95,behold, if the bright spots in the skin of their flesh be darkish white; it is a freckled spot 
73,hem full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering: 
One golden 
82,ptized into his death? 
Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death: th
94, affrighted, and gave glory to the God of heaven. 
The second woe is past; and, behold, the th
104,eople, and behold my sorrow: my virgins and my young men are gone into captivity. 
I called for my lover
102,me to the inn, that we opened our sacks, and, behold, every man's money was in the mouth of his sack, 
81,t, HOLINESS TO THE LORD. 
And they tied unto it a lace of blue, to fasten it on h
74, the three eldest followed Saul. 
But David went and returned from Saul to
108, when I fled because of Absalom thy brother. 
And, behold, thou hast with thee Shimei the son of Gera, a Ben
95,the provinces of the king Ahasuerus. 
For this deed of the queen shall come abroad unto all wom
86,mmanded thee: and I have appointed my servants to such and such a place. 
Now therefor
74, substance that was found in the king's house, and his sons also, and his 
91,: for some with conscience of the idol unto this hour eat it as a thing offered unto an ido
90,all I put it on? I have washed my feet; how shall I defile them? 
My beloved put in his ha
87, commandments of the LORD, that ye cannot prosper? because ye have forsaken the LORD, h
83,himself with thick clay! 
Shall they not rise up suddenly that shall bite thee, and
83,o death passed upon all men, for that all have sinned: 
(For until the law sin was 
100,the pit, nor that his bread should fail. 
But I am the LORD thy God, that divided the sea, whose wav
98,ttle did conceive, that Jacob laid the rods before the eyes of the cattle in the gutters, that the
73,nd of Canaan: how then should we steal out of thy lord's house silver or 
101, and desolate without an inhabitant. 
Egypt is like a very fair heifer, but destruction cometh; it co
74,h, Hear, I pray you, ye sons of Levi: 
Seemeth it but a small thing unto y
77,ake, such as was not since men were upon the earth, so mighty an earthquake, 
102,appier if she so abide, after my judgment: and I think also that I have the Spirit of God. 
Now as tou
87,own, loving to slumber. 
Yea, they are greedy dogs which can never have enough, and the
77,neth the strength of the mighty. 
He discovereth deep things out of darkness,
86,ng them: for the king's word was abominable to Joab. 
And God was displeased with this
93,onadab said unto him, Lay thee down on thy bed, and make thyself sick: and when thy father co
87,fe Abigail: and she was a woman of good understanding, and of a beautiful countenance: 
95, the Hebrews, How long wilt thou refuse to humble thyself before me? let my people go, that the
94,ck in those days! 
But pray ye that your flight be not in the winter, neither on the sabbath d
97,you, young men, because ye have overcome the wicked one. I write unto you, little children, becau
81,, shall fall with them by the sword. 
Thus saith the LORD; They also that uphold 
106, defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy; for the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are. 
Let
80,e not your children to anger, lest they be discouraged. 
Servants, obey in all t
99,is place, upon man, and upon beast, and upon the trees of the field, and upon the fruit of the grou
80,gain, and that the tender branch thereof will not cease. 
Though the root thereo
104,ay their hands upon the heads of the bullocks: and thou shalt offer the one for a sin offering, and the 
99,
In that day shall the LORD of hosts be for a crown of glory, and for a diadem of beauty, unto the 
83, from sinners, and made higher than the heavens; 
Who needeth not daily, as those h
106,n the same of old time: for which cause was this city destroyed. 
We certify the king that, if this city b
100,d I after them, and the half of the people upon the wall, from beyond the tower of the furnaces even
75,hould relieve my soul is far from me: my children are desolate, because the
81,ine integrity that is in me. 
Oh let the wickedness of the wicked come to an end;
101,he beginning. 
Again, a new commandment I write unto you, which thing is true in him and in you: beca
76, is kind unto the unthankful and to the evil. 
Be ye therefore merciful, as 
80,he commandment of the LORD they journeyed: they kept the charge of the LORD, at 
98, one, even as we are one: 
I in them, and thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one; and th
74,ould not be obedient unto the voice of the LORD your God. 
Hear, O Israel:
81,d said, Which way went the Spirit of the LORD from me to speak unto thee? 
And Mi
72,as a lodge in a garden of cucumbers, as a besieged city. 
Except the LOR
76,LORD men depart from evil. 
When a man's ways please the LORD, he maketh eve
79, wicked. 
They made a calf in Horeb, and worshipped the molten image. 
Thus the
86,h increased in the daughter of Judah mourning and lamentation. 
And he hath violently 
90,s considering, behold, an he goat came from the west on the face of the whole earth, and t
105,upon the fasting day: and also thou shalt read them in the ears of all Judah that come out of their citie
78,r in thy sight, O king, and if it please the king, let my life be given me at 
78, sawest the iron mixed with miry clay. 
And as the toes of the feet were part 
86,e olive trees throughout all thy coasts, but thou shalt not anoint thyself with the oi
77,dren of Israel and the children of Ammon. 
Howbeit the king of the children o
75,right there ariseth light in the darkness: he is gracious, and full of comp
86,te the vision, and make it plain upon tables, that he may run that readeth it. 
For th
104,n the name of the LORD of hosts, the God of the armies of Israel, whom thou hast defied. 
This day will 
79, home. 
But Mary stood without at the sepulchre weeping: and as she wept, she s
92,cause they said, He shall not see our last end. 
If thou hast run with the footmen, and they
94,dments. 
He that saith, I know him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a liar, and the truth
102,th the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven; which things the angels desire to look into. 
Wherefore gird 
93,r bodies washed with pure water. 
Let us hold fast the profession of our faith without waveri
92,to the birth, and there is not strength to bring forth. 
It may be the LORD thy God will hea
101,emselves unto David into the hold to the wilderness men of might, and men of war fit for the battle, 
74, clefts of the rock, that holdest the height of the hill: though thou shou
82,f the devil into the wilderness.) 
And Jesus asked him, saying, What is thy name? 
100, like water? 
Which goeth in company with the workers of iniquity, and walketh with wicked men. 
For
82,sawest are the seven churches. 
Unto the angel of the church of Ephesus write; The
96, ye shall sow the eighth year, and eat yet of old fruit until the ninth year; until her fruits c
77,ritten from my mouth, the words of the LORD in the ears of the people in the 
90,helmet: 
Gomer, and all his bands; the house of Togarmah of the north quarters, and all hi
89,ver seemeth good unto thee. Then said the priest, Let us draw near hither unto God. 
And 
102,hich shall do a miracle in my name, that can lightly speak evil of me. 
For he that is not against us 
97,l: be thou clean. And immediately the leprosy departed from him. 
And he charged him to tell no m
105, Shemuel the son of Ammihud. 
Of the tribe of Benjamin, Elidad the son of Chislon. 
And the prince of the
98,hall again take root downward, and bear fruit upward: 
For out of Jerusalem shall go forth a remna
87,er youth, she shall eat of her father's meat: but there shall be no stranger eat thereo
93,on me, my God, for good, according to all that I have done for this people. 
Now it came to p
74,m that come of Jacob to take root: Israel shall blossom and bud, and fill 
87, him, and persuaded him to go up with him to Ramothgilead. 
And Ahab king of Israel sai
88,eak thou unto us all that the LORD our God shall speak unto thee; and we will hear it, a
78,at I say unto thee concerning all the ordinances of the house of the LORD, and
107, in his own sin, and had no sons. 
Why should the name of our father be done away from among his family, be
78,inhabited forty years. 
And I will make the land of Egypt desolate in the mids
97,ple concerning evil. 
And the God of peace shall bruise Satan under your feet shortly. The grace 
78,aid unto the woman, Hide not from me, I pray thee, the thing that I shall ask 
95, seven days: and whosoever toucheth her shall be unclean until the even. 
And every thing that 
84, Judah. 
And with them he sent Levites, even Shemaiah, and Nethaniah, and Zebadiah, 
76, LORD, before my mouth; keep the door of my lips. 
Incline not my heart to a
80,e in the land of them that carried them captives, saying, We have sinned, and ha
97, their unbelief and hardness of heart, because they believed not them which had seen him after he
78,ah went his way. 
Then the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah the prophet, af
73,e, and were drawn away from the city; and they began to smite of the peop
74,. 
And they sent away Rebekah their sister, and her nurse, and Abraham's s
90,the son of Kenaz, Caleb's younger brother. 
And the Spirit of the LORD came upon him, and 
72,tandeth in the house of Haman. Then the king said, Hang him thereon. 
So
108,
This twenty years have I been with thee; thy ewes and thy she goats have not cast their young, and the rams
107,arshandatha, and Dalphon, and Aspatha, 
And Poratha, and Adalia, and Aridatha, 
And Parmashta, and Arisai, 
88,Midian, and all the host. 
And it was so, when Gideon heard the telling of the dream, an
84,And the golden mice, according to the number of all the cities of the Philistines be
102, witness. 
If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you 
90,lenteous: in that day shall thy cattle feed in large pastures. 
The oxen likewise and the 
108,our Lord: 
In whom we have boldness and access with confidence by the faith of him. 
Wherefore I desire that
104,and; and I will smite thee, and take thine head from thee; and I will give the carcases of the host of t
80,orld will learn righteousness. 
Let favour be shewed to the wicked, yet will he 
91, are in the book of life. 
Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say, Rejoice. 
Let your m
88,s, that I may be comforted together with you by the mutual faith both of you and me. 
No
87,LORD. 
Then ye shall sacrifice one kid of the goats for a sin offering, and two lambs o
102,sons, and their daughters, every one having knowledge, and having understanding; 
They clave to their 
107,d put the Sadducees to silence, they were gathered together. 
Then one of them, which was a lawyer, asked h
100,ound about, to carry tidings unto their idols, and to the people. 
And they put his armour in the ho
96,refuge for the oppressed, a refuge in times of trouble. 
And they that know thy name will put th
92,hou make marriages with them; thy daughter thou shalt not give unto his son, nor his daughte
89,, the captains over thousands and hundreds, and the captains of the host, had dedicated. 
76,valley of craftsmen. 
And of the Levites were divisions in Judah, and in Ben
105,and. 
The sixth captain for the sixth month was Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite: and in his course were
92,e are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day tha
100,ickedness of your wives, which they have committed in the land of Judah, and in the streets of Jerus
94,d. 
And thy handmaid had two sons, and they two strove together in the field, and there was no
72,n of the host of the LORD am I now come. And Joshua fell on his face to 
77,e Lord. 
Salute Tryphena and Tryphosa, who labour in the Lord. Salute the bel
76,ithout knowledge. 
But the hypocrites in heart heap up wrath: they cry not w
73, it was all grown over with thorns, and nettles had covered the face ther
88,ll the woman died also. 
Therefore in the resurrection whose wife shall she be of the se
88,; incline thine ear unto my sayings. 
Let them not depart from thine eyes; keep them in 
93,God's house: and of all that thou shalt give me I will surely give the tenth unto thee. 
Then
99,went in male and female of all flesh, as God had commanded him: and the LORD shut him in. 
And the 
78,that gathered little had no lack; they gathered every man according to his eat
95,which bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD, saying, 
Take this book of the law, and put it 
96, all his wars, and his ways, lo, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah. 
81, is he that betrayeth thee? 
Peter seeing him saith to Jesus, Lord, and what shal
74, unto the sword: and the LORD wrought a great victory that day; and the pe
84,th, on teaching; 
Or he that exhorteth, on exhortation: he that giveth, let him do i
98,vide it into seven parts: Judah shall abide in their coast on the south, and the house of Joseph s
82, bring them into the land which I had given them, flowing with milk and honey, whi
77,s waxed bold, and said, It was necessary that the word of God should first ha
75, judges, Take heed what ye do: for ye judge not for man, but for the LORD, 
86,se shoes I am not worthy to unloose: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with
80,p to heaven. 
And he stood, and blessed all the congregation of Israel with a lo
86, wrath have I spoken, Surely in that day there shall be a great shaking in the land of
72,ude. O LORD, thou art our God; let no man prevail against thee. 
So the 
96,n she came up out of the land of Egypt. 
And it shall be at that day, saith the LORD, that thou 
72,m bowed down himself before the people of the land. 
And he spake unto E
103,nd hope might be in God. 
Seeing ye have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the Spirit un
82,nd concerning Judah. 
For thus saith the LORD; We have heard a voice of trembling,
101,e servants which drew the water knew;) the governor of the feast called the bridegroom, 
And saith un
104,iots perceived that it was not the king of Israel, that they turned back from pursuing him. 
And a certa
99,ouch the hem of his garment: and as many as touched were made perfectly whole. 
Then came to Jesus 
90,shall at all turn from following me, ye or your children, and will not keep my commandment
92, and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and they
108,t their supplication before the LORD, and will return every one from his evil way: for great is the anger an
93,hall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth, neither whatsoever worketh abomination
100,e set forth before thee as incense; and the lifting up of my hands as the evening sacrifice. 
Set a 
94,ire. 
Ashkelon shall see it, and fear; Gaza also shall see it, and be very sorrowful, and Ekro
93,and the Sidonians, and the Hivites that dwelt in mount Lebanon, from mount Baalhermon unto th
73,ffering baken in the fryingpan, it shall be made of fine flour with oil. 
100,te mountains and hills, and dry up all their herbs; and I will make the rivers islands, and I will d
99, house, when the foundation of this house was laid before their eyes, wept with a loud voice; and m
84,them upon the altar of the house of your God which is in Jerusalem. 
And whatsoever 
81,: 
Arab, and Dumah, and Eshean, 
And Janum, and Bethtappuah, and Aphekah, 
And Hu
89,y some man; but he that built all things is God. 
And Moses verily was faithful in all hi
107,tieth day of the ninth month, in the second year of Darius, came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet
98,s about three months after, that it was told Judah, saying, Tamar thy daughter in law hath played 
107,children of Israel; and gave commandment concerning his bones. 
By faith Moses, when he was born, was hid t
106,ls, and a cruse of honey, and go to him: he shall tell thee what shall become of the child. 
And Jeroboam'
86,eward thee openly. 
Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rus
108,nd said, Wilt thou also destroy the righteous with the wicked? 
Peradventure there be fifty righteous within
86,rejoicing and with singing, as it was ordained by David. 
And he set the porters at th
84,
And the kings of the earth, and the great men, and the rich men, and the chief capt
77,s, and the judgments, which I command thee this day, to do them. 
Wherefore i
79,Shimshai the scribe, and the rest of their companions; the Dinaites, the Aphars
105,d the wickedness of their wives, and your own wickedness, and the wickedness of your wives, which they ha
76, Israel, and before the sun. 
And David said unto Nathan, I have sinned agai
92,t of Ephraim, to go home again: wherefore their anger was greatly kindled against Judah, and
94,themselves together, and went northward, and said unto Jephthah, Wherefore passedst thou over 
104,ought against Ashdod, and took it; 
At the same time spake the LORD by Isaiah the son of Amoz, saying, G
96,ch thee, shew me thy glory. 
And he said, I will make all my goodness pass before thee, and I wi
80,I beseech thee, the freewill offerings of my mouth, O LORD, and teach me thy jud
105,her again, having his servant with him, and a couple of asses: and she brought him into her father's hous
86,k Besor: and they went forth to meet David, and to meet the people that were with him:
104, east wind: he daily increaseth lies and desolation; and they do make a covenant with the Assyrians, and
99,ith her suburbs; they gave also Gezer with her suburbs, 
And Jokmeam with her suburbs, and Bethhoro
78, but as for you, no man hath been able to stand before you unto this day. 
One
88,cubits. 
And thou shalt make the horns of it upon the four corners thereof: his horns sh
106, astray away from me after their idols; they shall even bear their iniquity. 
Yet they shall be ministers 
102,ssed through Jericho. 
And, behold, there was a man named Zacchaeus, which was the chief among the pub
78,at all the people of the earth may know that the LORD is God, and that there i
105, chosen the way of truth: thy judgments have I laid before me. 
I have stuck unto thy testimonies: O LORD
100,in knowledge; but we have been throughly made manifest among you in all things. 
Have I committed an
77,he king and his nobles, saying, Let neither man nor beast, herd nor flock, ta
96,teth any thing, neither he that watereth; but God that giveth the increase. 
Now he that plantet
97,shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if ye shall say unto this mountain
80,kah to wife, the daughter of Bethuel the Syrian of Padanaram, the sister to Laba
89, the evil woman, from the flattery of the tongue of a strange woman. 
Lust not after her 
105,God of Israel, but not in truth, nor in righteousness. 
For they call themselves of the holy city, and st
106, as in a moment, and no hands stayed on her. 
Her Nazarites were purer than snow, they were whiter than mi
96, hand to his mouth; and his eyes were enlightened. 
Then answered one of the people, and said, T
73,ame upon me as a wide breaking in of waters: in the desolation they rolle
95,s sheep which have no shepherd. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Take thee Joshua the son of Nun,
98,ughter of any priest, if she profane herself by playing the whore, she profaneth her father: she s
89,epted upon mine altar; for mine house shall be called an house of prayer for all people. 
90,d all eat, and were filled: and they took up of the broken meat that was left seven basket
97,And Abimelech rose up, and all the people that were with him, by night, and they laid wait agains
84,anah his son. 
And the sons of Samuel; the firstborn Vashni, and Abiah. 
The sons of
80,thy perfumes, and didst send thy messengers far off, and didst debase thyself ev
73,as are clothed with strange apparel. 
In the same day also will I punish 
82,to Joshua the son of Nun, and told him all things that befell them: 
And they said
108,to the glory of God. 
Now I say that Jesus Christ was a minister of the circumcision for the truth of God, t
73,n, by the gate betwixt the two walls: and he went out the way of the plai
72, side. 
And the east side ye shall measure from Hauran, and from Damascu
84,s name. 
Thou art my battle axe and weapons of war: for with thee will I break in pi
75,I came into the regions of Syria and Cilicia; 
And was unknown by face unto
87, said unto them, Have ye not read what David did, when he was an hungred, and they that
94,und Mary, and Joseph, and the babe lying in a manger. 
And when they had seen it, they made kn
87,, Ammiel the son of Gemalli. 
Of the tribe of Asher, Sethur the son of Michael. 
Of the
87,ride, so shall thy God rejoice over thee. 
I have set watchmen upon thy walls, O Jerusa
96,ss, and Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelite. 
And David was greatly distressed; for the peop
106,re me, stand up. 
Behold, I am according to thy wish in God's stead: I also am formed out of the clay. 
Be
97, Israel said unto them, Would to God we had died by the hand of the LORD in the land of Egypt, wh
94, heaven. 
He opened the rock, and the waters gushed out; they ran in the dry places like a riv
106,statutes and my judgments, and shall not commit any of these abominations; neither any of your own nation,
79, my footstool: 
Are ye not then partial in yourselves, and are become judges of
78,ountain Jerusalem, saith the LORD, as the children of Israel bring an offering
