1000
80,inst me, he counteth me for his enemy, 
He putteth my feet in the stocks, he mar
97,said, Behold, my land is before thee: dwell where it pleaseth thee. 
And unto Sarah he said, Beho
87,ing and strife is, there is confusion and every evil work. 
But the wisdom that is from
86, the sister of Tahpenes the queen. 
And the sister of Tahpenes bare him Genubath his s
74,e doth work, but I cannot behold him: he hideth himself on the right hand,
102, doth he murder the innocent: his eyes are privily set against the poor. 
He lieth in wait secretly as
99,t even. 
But the man that shall be unclean, and shall not purify himself, that soul shall be cut of
77,ust: 
(The same had not consented to the counsel and deed of them;) he was of
106,e was light. 
And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness. 
And G
74,ll call on my name, and I will hear them: I will say, It is my people: and
82,that thou art wholly gone up to the housetops? 
Thou that art full of stirs, a tum
99,daily prepare a burnt offering unto the LORD of a lamb of the first year without blemish: thou shal
73,gs, he said unto his disciples, 
Ye know that after two days is the feast
95,arothadar, near the hill that lieth on the south side of the nether Bethhoron. 
And the border 
73,eard our voice, and looked on our affliction, and our labour, and our opp
104,e unto God. 
And Jesus entered and passed through Jericho. 
And, behold, there was a man named Zacchaeus
95,ill consume man and beast; I will consume the fowls of the heaven, and the fishes of the sea, a
88,, whether small or great, whether man or woman. 
And they sware unto the LORD with a lou
91, stoned, and is dead. 
And it came to pass, when Jezebel heard that Naboth was stoned, and 
86,ould not hearken. 
Wherefore the LORD brought upon them the captains of the host of th
90,ong bulls of Bashan have beset me round. 
They gaped upon me with their mouths, as a raven
101,n the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah. 
Hear, O heavens, and give ear, O e
85,rael, that he may go up and fall at Ramothgilead? And one spake saying after this man
89,ur all the blood beside the bottom of the altar. 
And thou shalt take all the fat that co
73,l's father said unto his son in law, Comfort thine heart with a morsel of
95,elf also is compassed with infirmity. 
And by reason hereof he ought, as for the people, so als
91,Hezekiah shewed them not. 
Then came Isaiah the prophet unto king Hezekiah, and said unto h
102,ody, which is broken for you: this do in remembrance of me. 
After the same manner also he took the cu
88,s at thy word I will let down the net. 
And when they had this done, they inclosed a gre
103,et, and I will speak unto thee. 
And the spirit entered into me when he spake unto me, and set me upon 
76,an: but they led him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus. 
And he was
77,ed to see the goodness of the LORD in the land of the living. 
Wait on the LO
75,re numbered of him. 
Notwithstanding the land shall be divided by lot: acco
100,all be diminished: for the LORD God of Israel hath spoken it. 
The burden of the valley of vision. W
103,ghteousness, than, after they have known it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them. 
Bu
72, when they are dead, doth fall, it shall be unclean; whether it be any v
92,he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the o
86,me, O God: incline thine ear unto me, and hear my speech. 
Shew thy marvellous lovingk
77,ts dwell in the land of Goshen. 
And Pharaoh spake unto Joseph, saying, Thy f
72,fore thee because of this. 
Now when Ezra had prayed, and when he had co
102,ighteousness unto thee before the LORD thy God. 
Thou shalt not oppress an hired servant that is poor 
105, all thy commandments are truth. 
Concerning thy testimonies, I have known of old that thou hast founded 
102,to you, I am the door of the sheep. 
All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers: but the she
83,pent upon a rock; the way of a ship in the midst of the sea; and the way of a man w
93,s Christ; not by water only, but by water and blood. And it is the Spirit that beareth witnes
93,they said among themselves, No doubt this man is a murderer, whom, though he hath escaped the
97,like wax at the presence of the LORD, at the presence of the Lord of the whole earth. 
The heaven
103,this I confess unto thee, that after the way which they call heresy, so worship I the God of my fathers
98,, they and their men. 
And Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan sware unto them and to th
100,l them brethren, 
Saying, I will declare thy name unto my brethren, in the midst of the church will 
108,ey should not be opened till after the sabbath: and some of my servants set I at the gates, that there shoul
83,ther in a place by itself. 
Then went in also that other disciple, which came first
108,e end. 
He delivereth and rescueth, and he worketh signs and wonders in heaven and in earth, who hath delive
103,ael: do not thou this folly. 
And I, whither shall I cause my shame to go? and as for thee, thou shalt 
107,against mount Seir, and prophesy against it, 
And say unto it, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, O mount Sei
98,glorify him. 
Little children, yet a little while I am with you. Ye shall seek me: and as I said u
106,ill I do for you. 
And they answered the king, The man that consumed us, and that devised against us that 
106,nto Aaron, saying, 
When Pharaoh shall speak unto you, saying, Shew a miracle for you: then thou shalt say
77,s of the Amorites, the king of Jerusalem, the king of Hebron, the king of Jar
80,aken, every one of their bows is broken: for the LORD God of recompences shall s
78,shalt be called, Sought out, A city not forsaken. 
Who is this that cometh fro
102,Kiss the Son, lest he be angry, and ye perish from the way, when his wrath is kindled but a little. Bl
106,hat is before Jordan. 
And the ravens brought him bread and flesh in the morning, and bread and flesh in t
87,st the riches of the people: and as one gathereth eggs that are left, have I gathered a
74, made Jordan a border between us and you, ye children of Reuben and childr
79,r with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have th
85,hetess, to teach and to seduce my servants to commit fornication, and to eat things s
108,s, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mi
108,en which went with me, Aner, Eshcol, and Mamre; let them take their portion. 
After these things the word of
82,o use this proverb in Israel. 
Behold, all souls are mine; as the soul of the fath
97,ziel, and Pelet, the sons of Azmaveth; and Berachah, and Jehu the Antothite. 
And Ismaiah the Gib
91,of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon al
87,he king after him. 
Otherwise it shall come to pass, when my lord the king shall sleep 
93,hing became a snare unto Gideon, and to his house. 
Thus was Midian subdued before the childr
89,one. 
Then said Esther, If it please the king, let it be granted to the Jews which are in
97,years old and upward even until fifty years old, all that enter into the host, to do the work in 
94,ce in thine eyes, that thou shouldest take knowledge of me, seeing I am a stranger? 
And Boaz 
98,ur rather than silver and gold. 
The rich and poor meet together: the LORD is the maker of them al
85,dwell in Ashdod, and I will cut off the pride of the Philistines. 
And I will take aw
92,l was Joash: 
And over the herds that fed in Sharon was Shitrai the Sharonite: and over the 
99,perfect. 
And I will make my covenant between me and thee, and will multiply thee exceedingly. 
And
82, unto thee am he. 
And upon this came his disciples, and marvelled that he talked 
73,to, I pray thee, let me come in unto thee; (for he knew not that she was 
81,y unto the LORD in their trouble, and he saveth them out of their distresses. 
He
75,ten, and Achshaph, 
And Alammelech, and Amad, and Misheal; and reacheth to 
86,dest in the way against me: now therefore, if it displease thee, I will get me back ag
83, the suburbs of their cities may not be sold; for it is their perpetual possession.
94, seven green withs that were never dried, then shall I be weak, and be as another man. 
Then t
78,bout the body of Moses, durst not bring against him a railing accusation, but 
98,ings, and the work of the service of the house of God; 
Both for the shewbread, and for the fine f
107,mself that formed the earth and made it; he hath established it, he created it not in vain, he formed it to
90,th him. 
Then when Jesus came, he found that he had lain in the grave four days already. 

76,them there, and said, The LORD hath broken forth upon mine enemies before me
104, unto them all the words that he had heard, when Baruch read the book in the ears of the people. 
Theref
100,let there be no dew, neither let there be rain, upon you, nor fields of offerings: for there the shi
98, armies, then know that the desolation thereof is nigh. 
Then let them which are in Judaea flee to
93,unto you, Among them that are born of women there hath not risen a greater than John the Bapt
86,pigeons; the one for the burnt offering, and the other for a sin offering: and the pri
81,sharpened, and also furbished: 
It is sharpened to make a sore slaughter; it is f
74,uel: and he answered, Here am I. 
And he ran unto Eli, and said, Here am I
92,s with his glorious arm, dividing the water before them, to make himself an everlasting name
106, Lord Jesus, and disputed against the Grecians: but they went about to slay him. 
Which when the brethren 
77,embers which are upon the earth; fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affecti
87,l tell you what I will do to my vineyard: I will take away the hedge thereof, and it sh
75,xpectation, and all men mused in their hearts of John, whether he were the 
78,e children of Israel may enjoy every man the inheritance of his fathers. 
Neit
83,e kings of the land of the Philistines, and Ashkelon, and Azzah, and Ekron, and the
87,th done unto us? 
And they came unto Jacob their father unto the land of Canaan, and to
97,ericho: and the men of Jericho fought against you, the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Cana
98,nd Saul the son of Kish, and Abner the son of Ner, and Joab the son of Zeruiah, had dedicated; and
76,less in the day when I visit I will visit their sin upon them. 
And the LORD
99,k. 
And he went up thence to the inhabitants of Debir: and the name of Debir before was Kirjathseph
80,the gospel of his Son, that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my p
99,that smote him be quit: only he shall pay for the loss of his time, and shall cause him to be thoro
78, lime: 
But I will send a fire upon Moab, and it shall devour the palaces of K
95,attle. 
And David said to Joab, and to all the people that were with him, Rend your clothes, an
95,cked men, to whom it happeneth according to the work of the righteous: I said that this also is
87, and on my eyelids is the shadow of death; 
Not for any injustice in mine hands: also m
89,dth one cubit; and from the lesser settle even to the greater settle shall be four cubits
83,of Shechem, and the house of Millo; and let fire come out from the men of Shechem, 
84,: 
And the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt 
87,ges thereof and the borders thereof were of the same. 
For on the plates of the ledges 
106,d also unto his disciples, There was a certain rich man, which had a steward; and the same was accused unt
82,venth day thou shalt rest: that thine ox and thine ass may rest, and the son of th
105,inth hour. 
And the sun was darkened, and the veil of the temple was rent in the midst. 
And when Jesus h
104, because your sins are forgiven you for his name's sake. 
I write unto you, fathers, because ye have kno
79,art to this also. 
And all the Egyptians digged round about the river for water
77,n shall be tributaries unto thee, and they shall serve thee. 
And if it will 
78,ls, and plates of brass: and the four corners thereof had undersetters: under 
84,sachar, and out of the tribe of Asher, and out of the tribe of Naphtali, and out of 
89, should praise the beauty of holiness, as they went out before the army, and to say, Prai
104,hen he heareth the words of this curse, that he bless himself in his heart, saying, I shall have peace, 
106, of the congregation there. And the land was subdued before them. 
And there remained among the children o
96,law, and the daughter in law against her mother in law. 
And he said also to the people, When ye
105,ashed my steps with butter, and the rock poured me out rivers of oil; 
When I went out to the gate throug
78,and kneeled down, and prayed, 
Saying, Father, if thou be willing, remove this
80,nd they stirred up the people, and the elders, and the scribes, and came upon hi
97,ven them, and they dressed it, and called on the name of Baal from morning even until noon, sayin
101, shall suffice for handfuls for all the people that follow me. 
And the king of Israel answered and s
94,st, and thy vows, thou shalt take, and go unto the place which the LORD shall choose: 
And tho
84,ll go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge: thy people shall be my people, and thy 
91,d, ye shall not offer these unto the LORD, nor make an offering by fire of them upon the al
105,o, Behold, what a weariness is it! and ye have snuffed at it, saith the LORD of hosts; and ye brought tha
85,il, and wafers unleavened anointed with oil: of wheaten flour shalt thou make them. 

84,, and this is the altar of the burnt offering for Israel. 
And David commanded to ga
80,nd feed thy kids beside the shepherds' tents. 
I have compared thee, O my love, 
74,e open unto their cry. 
The face of the LORD is against them that do evil,
82,nce of all them that are about him. 
O LORD God of hosts, who is a strong LORD lik
94,olled back the stone from the door, and sat upon it. 
His countenance was like lightning, and 
93,then that were about us saw these things, they were much cast down in their own eyes: for the
98,d the LORD said unto Joshua, See, I have given into thine hand Jericho, and the king thereof, and 
77,of your head are all numbered. Fear not therefore: ye are of more value than 
83,y sore upon him: and she told the riddle to the children of her people. 
And the me
91, country. 
And the woman took the two men, and hid them, and said thus, There came men unto
100, of Judah they came to seek the LORD. 
And Jehoshaphat stood in the congregation of Judah and Jerusa
72, always, that it might be well with them, and with their children for ev
108, mightily. 
For I would that ye knew what great conflict I have for you, and for them at Laodicea, and for a
87,ea to see the land. 
For when they went up unto the valley of Eshcol, and saw the land,
94,im, and Manasseh, Issachar, and Zebulun, had not cleansed themselves, yet did they eat the pas
100,art, and the heart of thy seed, to love the LORD thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul
104,s of Israel. 
And he sent young men of the children of Israel, which offered burnt offerings, and sacrif
92,t is before Jerusalem, and for Molech, the abomination of the children of Ammon. 
And likewi
105,hem. So the Syrians feared to help the children of Ammon any more. 
And it came to pass, after the year w
98,ised among men. 
Thy terribleness hath deceived thee, and the pride of thine heart, O thou that dw
93,t any time, Thou art my Son, this day have I begotten thee? And again, I will be to him a Fat
86,w up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights. 
Then 
73,congregation of the LORD? 
And when Moses heard it, he fell upon his face
74,e punishment of thine iniquity is accomplished, O daughter of Zion; he wil
84, their wives be grave, not slanderers, sober, faithful in all things. 
Let the deaco
81,rubims of image work, and overlaid them with gold. 
And the wings of the cherubim
90,dren of Judah were oppressed together: and all that took them captives held them fast; the
86,ed, repented himself, and brought again the thirty pieces of silver to the chief pries
79,s of Dedan; for I will bring the calamity of Esau upon him, the time that I wil
100,lood shall be upon him. 
And the man that committeth adultery with another man's wife, even he that 
72,: behold, see, we beseech thee, we are all thy people. 
Thy holy cities 
91,hat burden? I will even forsake you, saith the LORD. 
And as for the prophet, and the pries
84,Son of God, which should come into the world. 
And when she had so said, she went he
80,nd which led the seed of the house of Israel out of the north country, and from 
98,or thy work, He hath no hands? 
Woe unto him that saith unto his father, What begettest thou? or t
76,om and Gomorrah and the neighbour cities thereof, saith the LORD; so shall n
95,peak, saying, 
Because the LORD was not able to bring this people into the land which he sware 
101, fifteenth day of the seventh month, when ye have gathered in the fruit of the land, ye shall keep a 
88,one over the cities of Israel, till the Son of man be come. 
The disciple is not above h
88,on and his sons shall order it from evening to morning before the LORD: it shall be a st
80,e chief butler unto Pharaoh, saying, I do remember my faults this day: 
Pharaoh 
75,y understood not. 
And the next day he shewed himself unto them as they str
100,ehand what ye shall speak, neither do ye premeditate: but whatsoever shall be given you in that hour
94,eet savour. 
And every oblation of thy meat offering shalt thou season with salt; neither shal
83, king Ahasuerus was appeased, he remembered Vashti, and what she had done, and what
92,ery foot six toes, four and twenty in number; and he also was born to the giant. 
And when h
98,th thee, which I spake unto David thy father: 
And I will dwell among the children of Israel, and 
93,entieth year of our captivity, in the beginning of the year, in the tenth day of the month, i
107,ughs were multiplied, and his branches became long because of the multitude of waters, when he shot forth. 
97, entering in of the cave. And, behold, there came a voice unto him, and said, What doest thou her
92,his right hand, who walketh in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks; 
I know thy works
99,hat is the burden of the LORD? thou shalt then say unto them, What burden? I will even forsake you,
77,ooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot. 
When thou goest out to battle 
81,wered them, saying, Will ye that I release unto you the King of the Jews? 
For he
101,aid, Thou knowest that the kingdom was mine, and that all Israel set their faces on me, that I should
78,eek thy name, O LORD. 
Let them be confounded and troubled for ever; yea, let 
79,heir bones, and chop them in pieces, as for the pot, and as flesh within the ca
99, her, Give me to drink. 
(For his disciples were gone away unto the city to buy meat.) 
Then saith 
78,d, evermore give us this bread. 
And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of l
98,dred baths of wine, and to an hundred baths of oil, and salt without prescribing how much. 
Whatso
91,ist: 
Who shall be punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord, and
78,t the blood of war upon his girdle that was about his loins, and in his shoes 
98,ll let you go hence: when he shall let you go, he shall surely thrust you out hence altogether. 
S
97, stone thee; and goest thou thither again? 
Jesus answered, Are there not twelve hours in the day
100,e son of Machi. 
These are the names of the men which Moses sent to spy out the land. And Moses call
98,e half tribe of Manasseh, Tanach with her suburbs, and Gathrimmon with her suburbs; two cities. 
A
87,ts, and sheep, and horses, and chariots, and slaves, and souls of men. 
And the fruits 
104, magicians, and upon all the Egyptians. 
And the LORD hardened the heart of Pharaoh, and he hearkened no
102,ians were overthrown, that they could not recover themselves; for they were destroyed before the LORD,
106,vation by our Lord Jesus Christ, 
Who died for us, that, whether we wake or sleep, we should live together
95, which they builded. 
And the children of Machir the son of Manasseh went to Gilead, and took i
73, 
Who teacheth us more than the beasts of the earth, and maketh us wiser 
79,e, as at this day; 
And hast brought forth thy people Israel out of the land of
108, Gilgal, and I have not made supplication unto the LORD: I forced myself therefore, and offered a burnt offe
106,oor, and will not suffer the destroyer to come in unto your houses to smite you. 
And ye shall observe thi
80,ve Jesus sent forth, and commanded them, saying, Go not into the way of the Gent
84,shouldest do for us whatsoever we shall desire. 
And he said unto them, What would y
75,nown, then the congregation shall offer a young bullock for the sin, and br
106,ealt to every man the measure of faith. 
For as we have many members in one body, and all members have not
91,clean devil, and cried out with a loud voice, 
Saying, Let us alone; what have we to do wit
107,raid: for the LORD JEHOVAH is my strength and my song; he also is become my salvation. 
Therefore with joy 
101,other also. 
Whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God: and every one that loveth h
91, was beaten, and the men of Israel, before the servants of David. 
And there were three son
83,mingled with half an hin of oil. 
And thou shalt bring for a drink offering half an
95,but ye have obeyed from the heart that form of doctrine which was delivered you. 
Being then ma
84,an house for his kingdom. 
And Solomon told out threescore and ten thousand men to b
78,kiah, the fourth Shallum. 
And the sons of Jehoiakim: Jeconiah his son, Zedeki
105,ive. 
And when he was come into the temple, the chief priests and the elders of the people came unto him 
93, speak to the Gentiles that they might be saved, to fill up their sins alway: for the wrath i
98,he multitude of their transgressions; for they have rebelled against thee. 
But let all those that
108,ve I taken them unto me. 
For all the firstborn of the children of Israel are mine, both man and beast: on t
85,passed by on the other side. 
And likewise a Levite, when he was at the place, came a
98, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering: 
One kid of the goats for a sin offeri
100,ine hand; for I will make him a great nation. 
And God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water;
94, out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and come into the land which I shall shew thee. 
Th
77,eyed with me. 
And when we were all fallen to the earth, I heard a voice spea
85,in thee all thy days. 
Yet a man is risen to pursue thee, and to seek thy soul: but t
84,ngregation of Israel, for the tabernacle of witness? 
For the sons of Athaliah, that
87, meat offerings, and the fat of the peace offerings. 
And at that time Solomon held a f
94,f Judah were oppressed together: and all that took them captives held them fast; they refused 
83,et of the city, and proclaimed before him, Thus shall it be done unto the man whom 
76,, and keep my sabbaths: I am the LORD your God. 
Turn ye not unto idols, nor
83,maids, and little children, and women: but come not near any man upon whom is the m
102,iants dwelt therein in old time; and the Ammonites call them Zamzummims; 
A people great, and many, an
82,elah the son of Judah were, Er the father of Lecah, and Laadah the father of Mares
79,rification, with such things as belonged to her, and seven maidens, which were 
81,iniquity, hath executed true judgment between man and man, 
Hath walked in my sta
93,the sight of the LORD: and the LORD strengthened Eglon the king of Moab against Israel, becau
86,l look to their own way, every one for his gain, from his quarter. 
Come ye, say they,
86,, and ye shall hold your peace. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Wherefore criest thou u
88,t this question. 
And being brought on their way by the church, they passed through Phen
85,m; and we will tell the interpretation thereof before the king. 
Thou, O king, art a 
82, Zion, and it hath devoured the foundations thereof. 
The kings of the earth, and 
96,itance among the children of Israel. 
And, behold, I have given the children of Levi all the ten
85,days, and the number of years is hidden to the oppressor. 
A dreadful sound is in his
92, of Judah, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Zion shall be plowed like a field, and Jeru
94, out for you cities of refuge, whereof I spake unto you by the hand of Moses: 
That the slayer
91,silver, sixteen sockets; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board. 
74,
And he wrote in the king Ahasuerus' name, and sealed it with the king's r
94, my righteousness: according to the cleanness of my hands hath he recompensed me. 
For I have 
96,m, (now Saul abode in Gibeah under a tree in Ramah, having his spear in his hand, and all his se
72,inger, and pour all the blood beside the bottom of the altar. 
And thou 
99, his handmaiden: for, behold, from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed. 
For he that i
81,er, and the sprinkling of blood, lest he that destroyed the firstborn should touc
98,enant, 
Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance; 
When ye we
105,enger unto Saul, saying, Haste thee, and come; for the Philistines have invaded the land. 
Wherefore Saul
108,o sent unto him to enquire of the wonder that was done in the land, God left him, to try him, that he might 
85,he beams thereof, and set up the doors thereof, and the locks thereof, and the bars t
108,ing doth make thee mad. 
But he said, I am not mad, most noble Festus; but speak forth the words of truth an
99,ead fall upon you? 
Your remembrances are like unto ashes, your bodies to bodies of clay. 
Hold you
75, evil is good in the sight of the LORD, and he delighteth in them; or, Wher
101,amps in their left hands, and the trumpets in their right hands to blow withal: and they cried, The s
84,hy heels made bare. 
Can the Ethiopian change his skin, or the leopard his spots? th
87,oward the earth, and worshipped. 
And he said, If now I have found grace in thy sight, 
73, faith and love; and for an helmet, the hope of salvation. 
For God hath 
77,another, What man is he that will begin to fight against the children of Ammo
79,ll one breath; so that a man hath no preeminence above a beast: for all is vani
86, hath power to help, and to cast down. 
And Amaziah said to the man of God, But what s
76,u shalt take other wives beside my daughters, no man is with us; see, God is
103,hen all the men of war were consumed and dead from among the people, 
That the LORD spake unto me, sayi
74,at he would not send them away out of the country. 
Now there was there ni
101,; Tola, and Phuvah, and Job, and Shimron. 
And the sons of Zebulun; Sered, and Elon, and Jahleel. 
Th
102,eets and thirty change of garments: 
But if ye cannot declare it me, then shall ye give me thirty shee
75,l that had come upon them by the way, and how the LORD delivered them. 
And
94,lt eat and drink? 
Doth he thank that servant because he did the things that were commanded hi
106,y God, with all my heart: and I will glorify thy name for evermore. 
For great is thy mercy toward me: and
91,et like unto fine brass, as if they burned in a furnace; and his voice as the sound of many
101,onites gave gifts to Uzziah: and his name spread abroad even to the entering in of Egypt; for he stre
87,. 
And Jesus answered and said, Suffer ye thus far. And he touched his ear, and healed 
74, and the soul of the wounded crieth out: yet God layeth not folly to them.
94,reover, and said, Thy father certainly knoweth that I have found grace in thine eyes; and he s
106,is father, Get her for me; for she pleaseth me well. 
But his father and his mother knew not that it was o
99,f Harim; Eliezer, Ishijah, Malchiah, Shemaiah, Shimeon, 
Benjamin, Malluch, and Shemariah. 
Of the 
91,o the elect lady and her children, whom I love in the truth; and not I only, but also all t
77,n of Israel. 
And the LORD spake to Manasseh, and to his people: but they wou
105,
Flee ye, turn back, dwell deep, O inhabitants of Dedan; for I will bring the calamity of Esau upon him, 
83,e high places which Hezekiah his father had broken down, and he reared up altars fo
74, made them that day hewers of wood and drawers of water for the congregati
81,and in the desolation which shall come from far? to whom will ye flee for help? a
84,is commandments and his statutes which I command thee this day; that all these curse
87, for she shall eat them for want of all things secretly in the siege and straitness, wh
107,he asked the scribes, What question ye with them? 
And one of the multitude answered and said, Master, I ha
101,, that Joshua waxed old and stricken in age. 
And Joshua called for all Israel, and for their elders,
79,l deliver you. 
To whom will ye liken me, and make me equal, and compare me, th
84,aise. 
For thou desirest not sacrifice; else would I give it: thou delightest not in
74,r hath spoiled by violence, but hath given his bread to the hungry, and ha
104,ring the tabernacle. 
And the standard of the camp of Reuben set forward according to their armies: and 
91,answered and said unto them, Ye do err, not knowing the scriptures, nor the power of God. 

91, we have heard with our ears. 
And what one nation in the earth is like thy people Israel, 
97,pursue after them: and they pursued after Joshua, and were drawn away from the city. 
And there w
94, me: for now, O Ephraim, thou committest whoredom, and Israel is defiled. 
They will not frame
98, for Moses, and one for Elias. 
While he yet spake, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them: and 
97,in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, o
88,pon the shoulder, they carry him, and set him in his place, and he standeth; from his pl
84,ere be no plague among them, when thou numberest them. 
This they shall give, every 
101, unto the west side, shall be the offering which ye shall offer of five and twenty thousand reeds in 
104,eskins of the Philistines, to be avenged of the king's enemies. But Saul thought to make David fall by t
75,nd anointed mine eyes, and said unto me, Go to the pool of Siloam, and wash
104, for thy truth: for thou hast magnified thy word above all thy name. 
In the day when I cried thou answe
82,f the house, the length of it was according to the breadth of the house, twenty cu
107,Chileab, of Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelite; and the third, Absalom the son of Maacah the daughter 
106,war which went to the battle, This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD commanded Moses; 
Only the g
93,ares are gathered and burned in the fire; so shall it be in the end of this world. 
The Son o
82, came that were hired about the eleventh hour, they received every man a penny. 
B
104,eep my commandments: 
For length of days, and long life, and peace, shall they add to thee. 
Let not mer
78,oats, their hosen, and their hats, and their other garments, and were cast int
92,, and the name of his two sons Mahlon and Chilion, Ephrathites of Bethlehemjudah. And they c
100,man, be sold unto thee, and serve thee six years; then in the seventh year thou shalt let him go fre
89,iest of Jupiter, which was before their city, brought oxen and garlands unto the gates, a
92,e of the house of Israel, or of the strangers that sojourn among you, that eateth any manner
102,re sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled 
In the bod
85,irs, saith the LORD. 
Howl, O Heshbon, for Ai is spoiled: cry, ye daughters of Rabbah
104,gainst the king: Solomon built Millo, and repaired the breaches of the city of David his father. 
And th
99,dards, and so they set forward, every one after their families, according to the house of their fat
91, even to the children of Gad, and to the children of Reuben, and unto half the tribe of Man
99, away the jawbone out of his hand, and called that place Ramathlehi. 
And he was sore athirst, and 
79,ye, brethren, be not weary in well doing. 
And if any man obey not our word by 
99,ere his haunt is, and who hath seen him there: for it is told me that he dealeth very subtilly. 
Se
90,e Kenites, and took up his parable, and said, Strong is thy dwellingplace, and thou puttes
103,l those things. And Jonathan brought David to Saul, and he was in his presence, as in times past. 
And 
85,ity: for this hast thou chosen rather than affliction. 
Behold, God exalteth by his p
95,aalim out of her mouth, and they shall no more be remembered by their name. 
And in that day wi
98,ood works and almsdeeds which she did. 
And it came to pass in those days, that she was sick, and 
106,a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil. 
Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wr
73, the son bear the iniquity of the father? When the son hath done that whi
86,is days, which are as a shadow; because he feareth not before God. 
There is a vanity 
80,ation come to this house, forsomuch as he also is a son of Abraham. 
For the Son
106,him might believe. 
He was not that Light, but was sent to bear witness of that Light. 
That was the true 
93, gift came upon all men unto justification of life. 
For as by one man's disobedience many we
81,was the son of Jose, which was the son of Eliezer, which was the son of Jorim, wh
90,sel determined before to be done. 
And now, Lord, behold their threatenings: and grant unt
108,ngs that may be desired are not to be compared to it. 
I wisdom dwell with prudence, and find out knowledge 
74,ght know that I am the LORD. 
Therefore, son of man, speak unto the house 
103,e that despised Moses' law died without mercy under two or three witnesses: 
Of how much sorer punishme
76,dst them: and thou hast set mine oil and mine incense before them. 
My meat 
84,r? have we eaten at all of the king's cost? or hath he given us any gift? 
And the m
92,And these are the sons of Reuel Esau's son; duke Nahath, duke Zerah, duke Shammah, duke Mizz
79,re took new ropes, and bound him therewith, and said unto him, The Philistines 
101,mber, that ye being in time past Gentiles in the flesh, who are called Uncircumcision by that which i
81,ken up dead. 
And Paul went down, and fell on him, and embracing him said, Troubl
95,r a covenant of the people, to establish the earth, to cause to inherit the desolate heritages;
89,shalt not be cured. 
The nations have heard of thy shame, and thy cry hath filled the lan
100,n every province was published unto all people, and that the Jews should be ready against that day t
85,precept. 
But from the beginning of the creation God made them male and female. 
For 
88,me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and m
80, into Galilee: and there went out a fame of him through all the region round abo
88,ation is in the holy mountains. 
The LORD loveth the gates of Zion more than all the dwe
73,ven the salvation of your souls. 
Of which salvation the prophets have en
84,proceedeth from the ruler: 
Folly is set in great dignity, and the rich sit in low p
104,ndred small cattle and three hundred oxen. 
Conaniah also, and Shemaiah and Nethaneel, his brethren, and
87,which was unclean in any thing should enter in. 
And he took the captains of hundreds, 
100,be ashamed for all thy doings, wherein thou hast transgressed against me: for then I will take away 
72,rcy, and to walk humbly with thy God? 
The LORD's voice crieth unto the 
72,LORD, and for the glory of his majesty, when he ariseth to shake terribl
90,; 
That the communication of thy faith may become effectual by the acknowledging of every 
87,te of Joseph, one gate of Benjamin, one gate of Dan. 
And at the south side four thousa
82,ey anointed David king over the house of Judah. And they told David, saying, That 
86,derstand that I spake it not to you concerning bread, that ye should beware of the lea
96,spakest of also in mine ears, behold, the silver is with me; I took it. And his mother said, Ble
78,from death, and to keep them alive in famine. 
Our soul waiteth for the LORD: 
93,ry my dead there. 
And Ephron answered Abraham, saying unto him, 
My lord, hearken unto me: t
88, them; and thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD. 
And they, whether they wi
73,east wind sprung up after them. 
And the seven thin ears devoured the sev
84,derbolts. 
He cast upon them the fierceness of his anger, wrath, and indignation, an
79, God himself is with us for our captain, and his priests with sounding trumpets
73,ter Baalim, which their fathers taught them: 
Therefore thus saith the LO
80,t had taken strange wives: namely, of the sons of Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and
107,d unto her, I will multiply thy seed exceedingly, that it shall not be numbered for multitude. 
And the ang
93, all of you armed over Jordan before the LORD, until he hath driven out his enemies from befo
102,the city, even Jerusalem: 
And lay siege against it, and build a fort against it, and cast a mount aga
80, Sodom, and Gomorrah, and Admah, and Zeboim, even unto Lasha. 
These are the son
79,od he sprinkled on the altar. 
And he took the book of the covenant, and read i
90,ribe of Naphtali: and the captain of the children of Naphtali shall be Ahira the son of En
107,I say unto you, Whosoever shall confess me before men, him shall the Son of man also confess before the ang
76,hirty sheets and thirty change of garments: 
But if ye cannot declare it me,
96, me: wherefore should I smite thee to the ground? how then should I hold up my face to Joab thy 
106,a token of a covenant between me and the earth. 
And it shall come to pass, when I bring a cloud over the 
91,lightnings and thunderings and voices: and there were seven lamps of fire burning before th
86, hath told it from that time? have not I the LORD? and there is no God else beside me;
77,d unto him, Receive thy sight: thy faith hath saved thee. 
And immediately he
104, the first last: for many be called, but few chosen. 
And Jesus going up to Jerusalem took the twelve di
93,s. 
Then flew one of the seraphims unto me, having a live coal in his hand, which he had take
101,r neck stiff, that they might not hear, nor receive instruction. 
And it shall come to pass, if ye di
77,said unto me, Let it suffice thee; speak no more unto me of this matter. 
Get
105,t thereof. 
Whoso findeth a wife findeth a good thing, and obtaineth favour of the LORD. 
The poor useth 
87,e been there still: now therefore let me see the king's face; and if there be any iniqu
94,atter them into corners, I would make the remembrance of them to cease from among men: 
Were i
87, of Moab, and the gods of the children of Ammon, and the gods of the Philistines, and f
108,o man could withstand them; for the fear of them fell upon all people. 
And all the rulers of the provinces,
96,all ye not touch; they are unclean to you. 
These shall ye eat of all that are in the waters: wh
105,sitteth upon the throne of his kingdom, that he shall write him a copy of this law in a book out of that 
95,e scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem. 
And the LORD shewed me four carpenters. 
Then said I
101,f Jacob is all this, and for the sins of the house of Israel. What is the transgression of Jacob? is 
94,ss, when they had eaten up the corn which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said unt
87,prophet Jeremiah said, Amen: the LORD do so: the LORD perform thy words which thou hast
93,ever hath no fins nor scales in the waters, that shall be an abomination unto you. 
And these
98,he tabernacle, namely, the tent of the testimony: and at even there was upon the tabernacle as it 
100,rus the king to build this house of God at Jerusalem, and let the king send his pleasure to us conce
90,miah had made an end of speaking all that the LORD had commanded him to speak unto all the
103,that is in their house. 
All the brethren greet you. Greet ye one another with an holy kiss. 
The salut
97,art to seek the law of the LORD, and to do it, and to teach in Israel statutes and judgments. 
No
98,e an atonement for him as touching his sin that he hath sinned in one of these, and it shall be fo
82,mandment shall be given from me. 
Take heed now that ye fail not to do this: why s
78, thou shalt tread the olives, but thou shalt not anoint thee with oil; and swe
105,ll these kings were met together, they came and pitched together at the waters of Merom, to fight against
101, by the works of the law, but by the faith of Jesus Christ, even we have believed in Jesus Christ, th
76,e. 
And he washed his face, and went out, and refrained himself, and said, S
103,he LORD; and they testified against them: but they would not give ear. 
And the Spirit of God came upon
92,he publicans and sinners for to hear him. 
And the Pharisees and scribes murmured, saying, T
106,rdeth thee as thou hast served us. 
Happy shall he be, that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the
93,hey that are left of you shall pine away in their iniquity in your enemies' lands; and also i
95, shall Pharaoh with his mighty army and great company make for him in the war, by casting up mo
74,
They give gifts to all whores: but thou givest thy gifts to all thy lover
79, said unto Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me; for the earth is fille
76,n: but I will bring you forth out of the midst of it. 
Ye have feared the sw
100,that it was Jesus, which had made him whole. 
And therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sought
98,orld rich in faith, and heirs of the kingdom which he hath promised to them that love him? 
But ye
104,voice of thy thunder they hasted away. 
They go up by the mountains; they go down by the valleys unto th
73,or the four ends of the grate of brass, to be places for the staves. 
And
97,gypt, and stood before Joseph. 
And when Joseph saw Benjamin with them, he said to the ruler of h
104,s, 
At midday, O king, I saw in the way a light from heaven, above the brightness of the sun, shining ro
92,tsoever goeth upon all four, or whatsoever hath more feet among all creeping things that cre
82,so they saw God, and did eat and drink. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Come up to 
99,not in the place of great men: 
For better it is that it be said unto thee, Come up hither; than th
80,d against the altar in the word of the LORD, and said, O altar, altar, thus sait
79,heir altars, and break down their images, and cut down their groves, and burn t
77,d a mischievous device, which they are not able to perform. 
Therefore shalt 
104,d to his sons, and unto all the children of Israel. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto 
95,God might appear unto you. 
Therefore we were comforted in your comfort: yea, and exceedingly t
94,men lying in wait, abiding with her in the chamber. And she said unto him, The Philistines be 
91,, and calleth for thee. 
As soon as she heard that, she arose quickly, and came unto him. 

85,in it for ever. 
The chariots of God are twenty thousand, even thousands of angels: t
81,ascended up to heaven, but he that came down from heaven, even the Son of man whi
95,, Bring it near to me, and I will eat of my son's venison, that my soul may bless thee. And he 
83, state, and of our kindred, saying, Is your father yet alive? have ye another broth
95,ver Euphrates in Carchemish, which Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon smote in the fourth year of J
78,efore see thou mine affliction; 
For it increaseth. Thou huntest me as a fierc
108, he hath sinned in that thing: 
And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD for his sin which he 
85,and be in rest and at ease, and none shall make him afraid. 
Fear thou not, O Jacob m
75,eart. 
Gilead abode beyond Jordan: and why did Dan remain in ships? Asher c
100,nai, two tables of testimony, tables of stone, written with the finger of God. 
And when the people 
78,d, let it alone this year also, till I shall dig about it, and dung it: 
And i
105, shall fall by the sword; and he that remaineth and is besieged shall die by the famine: thus will I acco
85,n it was sprinkled in the holy place. 
But the earthen vessel wherein it is sodden sh
91, what name, have ye done this? 
Then Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, said unto them, Ye 
76,house: and Amon his son reigned in his stead. 
Amon was two and twenty years
98,s. 
And he said, Of a truth I say unto you, that this poor widow hath cast in more than they all: 
96,e two pillars, and the pommels, and the chapiters which were on the top of the two pillars, and 
98,confidence of the house of Israel, which bringeth their iniquity to remembrance, when they shall l
96, fields shall be bought in this land, whereof ye say, It is desolate without man or beast; it is
72, to Shur, that is over against Egypt. 
And he took Agag the king of the 
94,s stand aloof from my sore; and my kinsmen stand afar off. 
They also that seek after my life 
81,eir cry and these words. 
Then I consulted with myself, and I rebuked the nobles,
88,gain unto thee out of the land of Canaan: how then should we steal out of thy lord's hou
76, themselves, and waxen fat; then will they turn unto other gods, and serve t
108,pressor. 
A dreadful sound is in his ears: in prosperity the destroyer shall come upon him. 
He believeth no
79,ss of his anger, wrath, and indignation, and trouble, by sending evil angels am
72, be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, as in heaven, so in ea
94, a vine was before me; 
And in the vine were three branches: and it was as though it budded, a
74,hat are wise in their own eyes, and prudent in their own sight! 
Woe unto 
83,from the top of his young twigs a tender one, and will plant it upon an high mounta
92,will I let Israel go. 
And they said, The God of the Hebrews hath met with us: let us go, we
73,y unto them, Be favourable unto them for our sakes: because we reserved n
72, the way, but found them not. 
So the two men returned, and descended fr
83,g upon Judah and upon all the inhabitants of Jerusalem all the evil that I have pro
78,to his neighbour an ass, or an ox, or a sheep, or any beast, to keep; and it d
100,stumblingblock, and unto the Greeks foolishness; 
But unto them which are called, both Jews and Gree
99,, the God of Israel; Like these good figs, so will I acknowledge them that are carried away captive
78,diligence; for out of it are the issues of life. 
Put away from thee a froward
88,on of David? 
For David himself said by the Holy Ghost, The LORD said to my Lord, Sit th
76, people. 
Woe is me! for I am as when they have gathered the summer fruits, 
107,pherd, and the sheep shall be scattered. 
But after that I am risen, I will go before you into Galilee. 
Bu
93,apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, to the saints which are at Ephesus, and to the fa
102,hem up? 
For their rock is not as our Rock, even our enemies themselves being judges. 
For their vine 
84,old, the judge standeth before the door. 
Take, my brethren, the prophets, who have 
75,o pass that night, that the word of the LORD came unto Nathan, saying, 
Go 
103, shall return unto his possession. 
And if a man sell a dwelling house in a walled city, then he may re
75,aid up; for her merchandise shall be for them that dwell before the LORD, t
95, if ye shall diligently keep all these commandments which I command you, to do them, to love th
89,he LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Bring forth him that hath cursed without the camp; and
92,o their partners, which were in the other ship, that they should come and help them. And the
90,decay with thee; then thou shalt relieve him: yea, though he be a stranger, or a sojourner
80, more bitter than death the woman, whose heart is snares and nets, and her hands
99,nt offering, for a sweet savour before the LORD: it is an offering made by fire unto the LORD. 
And
86,e trumpets. 
And the second day they compassed the city once, and returned into the ca
89,acob, and out of Judah an inheritor of my mountains: and mine elect shall inherit it, and
108,loved unto me; he shall lie all night betwixt my breasts. 
My beloved is unto me as a cluster of camphire in
95,se, even recompense into their bosom, 
Your iniquities, and the iniquities of your fathers toge
101,Though he heap up silver as the dust, and prepare raiment as the clay; 
He may prepare it, but the ju
91,us of his disciples, and of his doctrine. 
Jesus answered him, I spake openly to the world;
77,saints, and to be admired in all them that believe (because our testimony amo
94,e king's daughter is all glorious within: her clothing is of wrought gold. 
She shall be broug
95, me with a grievous curse in the day when I went to Mahanaim: but he came down to meet me at Jo
75,king of Babylon in the first year of his reign lifted up the head of Jehoia
108,lant, and shall eat them as common things. 
For there shall be a day, that the watchmen upon the mount Ephra
73,that is nigh unto him, which hath had no husband; for her may he be defil
94,hen Joab came to Jerusalem. 
And when the Syrians saw that they were put to the worse before I
96,ng shall flee away. 
I, even I, am he that comforteth you: who art thou, that thou shouldest be 
99,And one wing of the other cherub was five cubits, reaching to the wall of the house: and the other 
72,d the house with precious stones for beauty: and the gold was gold of Pa
85,ree mightiest. 
And Abishai the brother of Joab, he was chief of the three: for lifti
103,man afterwards shall find more favour than he that flattereth with the tongue. 
Whoso robbeth his fathe
104,go into the kingdom of God before you. 
For John came unto you in the way of righteousness, and ye belie
83,d Jesus said unto him, Friend, wherefore art thou come? Then came they, and laid ha
83,omon reigned in Jerusalem over all Israel was forty years. 
And Solomon slept with 
80,said unto him, Away, get thee down, and thou shalt come up, thou, and Aaron with
81,e, saith the LORD, then the seed of Israel also shall cease from being a nation b
96,which was anointed with the holy oil. 
But if the slayer shall at any time come without the bord
83,ry burnt offering. So the service of the house of the LORD was set in order. 
And H
92,f God was in Shiloh. 
And it came to pass in those days, when there was no king in Israel, t
98,ng to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wou
79, arose and departed: and Jonathan went into the city. 
Then came David to Nob t
90,us, and the great goodness toward the house of Israel, which he hath bestowed on them acco
84,in their sight, as they that go forth into captivity. 
Dig thou through the wall in 
95,n the sight of the LORD, in walking in the way of Jeroboam, and in his sin which he did, to mak
93,y know it! 
Woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil; that put darkness for light, an
101,d, Unto you it is given to know the mysteries of the kingdom of God: but to others in parables; that 
99,nd the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit
104, words of Laban's sons, saying, Jacob hath taken away all that was our father's; and of that which was o
77, Let not thy voice be heard among us, lest angry fellows run upon thee, and t
96,dst of thee: and ye shall know that I am the LORD. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; An evil, an only ev
103,aoh treasure cities, Pithom and Raamses. 
But the more they afflicted them, the more they multiplied an
108,verb concerning the land of Israel, saying, The fathers have eaten sour grapes, and the children's teeth are
79,ons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah, and Pharez, and Zarah: but Er and Onan 
95,n the field; the one shall be taken, and the other left. 
And they answered and said unto him, 
92,on of you always in my prayers; 
Making request, if by any means now at length I might have 
77,saw not one another, neither rose any from his place for three days: but all 
88,one for his gain, from his quarter. 
Come ye, say they, I will fetch wine, and we will f
72,, and the disciples to them that were set down; and likewise of the fish
75, the principal of the flock to escape. 
A voice of the cry of the shepherds
90,ood as he did with the blood of the bullock, and sprinkle it upon the mercy seat, and befo
73,
And it came to pass, when David and his men were come to Ziklag on the t
74,e remain until the morning. 
The first of the firstfruits of thy land thou
100,ation be as it becometh the gospel of Christ: that whether I come and see you, or else be absent, I 
79,or the people of the LORD, and for the house of Israel; because they were falle
83,nt out, followed her, saying, She goeth unto the grave to weep there. 
Then when Ma
90,e commandment that I have charged thee with? 
The king said moreover to Shimei, Thou knowe
93,d came to the mountain of God, even to Horeb. 
And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in
73, ye come together, every one of you hath a psalm, hath a doctrine, hath a
78, of this man's disciples? He saith, I am not. 
And the servants and officers s
84, gates, until thy high and fenced walls come down, wherein thou trustedst, throughou
87,and, nor to the left. 
For in the eighth year of his reign, while he was yet young, he 
82,d this have ye done again, covering the altar of the LORD with tears, with weeping
105, 
For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Know
73,y soul is far from me: my children are desolate, because the enemy prevai
85,. 
And it came to pass on the morrow, that Pashur brought forth Jeremiah out of the s
73,ood. 
We will go into his tabernacles: we will worship at his footstool. 
80,es of death. 
Then they cry unto the LORD in their trouble, and he saveth them o
78, with us than with him: 
With him is an arm of flesh; but with us is the LORD 
80,s of gold, and put them on the two ends of the breastplate, upon the border of i
98,what can the Almighty do for them? 
Yet he filled their houses with good things: but the counsel o
73,all be scattered upon his habitation. 
His roots shall be dried up beneat
75,is servants. 
And he will take the tenth of your seed, and of your vineyard
74, all that are found in thee are bound together, which have fled from far. 
101,t done unto him; for his heart was lifted up: therefore there was wrath upon him, and upon Judah and 
80,heir own country another way. 
And when they were departed, behold, the angel of
100,re to him, Isaac. 
And Abraham circumcised his son Isaac being eight days old, as God had commanded 
86,nd troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped i
105,young and old lion, the viper and fiery flying serpent, they will carry their riches upon the shoulders o
99,e not dismayed at the signs of heaven; for the heathen are dismayed at them. 
For the customs of th
97, offering, which was for himself. 
And the sons of Aaron brought the blood unto him: and he dippe
105,ey should say, Our hand is high, and the LORD hath not done all this. 
For they are a nation void of coun
105, whisperings, swellings, tumults: 
And lest, when I come again, my God will humble me among you, and that
95,ce of all the earth: and they left off to build the city. 
Therefore is the name of it called B
106,the children of Israel: and there shall be desolation. 
Because thou hast forgotten the God of thy salvati
80,hrone of his kingdom, which was in Shushan the palace, 
In the third year of his
102,y are taken out of the way as all other, and cut off as the tops of the ears of corn. 
And if it be no
73,rength, and honour, and glory, and blessing. 
And every creature which is
83,hither not having a wedding garment? And he was speechless. 
Then said the king to 
103,God. 
Then these presidents and princes assembled together to the king, and said thus unto him, King Da
77,s, saying, What thing is this? what new doctrine is this? for with authority 
73, hundred shekels of silver, and give them unto the father of the damsel, 
76,
Why dost thou strive against him? for he giveth not account of any of his m
84, they were offended at him. 
But Jesus, said unto them, A prophet is not without hon
76,have left mine heritage; I have given the dearly beloved of my soul into the
100,m thence she seeketh the prey, and her eyes behold afar off. 
Her young ones also suck up blood: and
93,amels bearing spicery and balm and myrrh, going to carry it down to Egypt. 
And Judah said un
85,ome bitter, and her belly shall swell, and her thigh shall rot: and the woman shall b
94,venteenth to Hezir, the eighteenth to Aphses, 
The nineteenth to Pethahiah, the twentieth to J
106,, and the fowls from his branches: 
Nevertheless leave the stump of his roots in the earth, even with a ba
81,od delivered Midian, and all the host. 
And it was so, when Gideon heard the tell
85, Speak unto the children of Israel, that they bring thee a red heifer without spot, w
81,t begin to mock him, 
Saying, This man began to build, and was not able to finish
79,red together against us. 
So Joshua ascended from Gilgal, he, and all the peopl
104,ved with this generation, and said, It is a people that do err in their heart, and they have not known m
88,
For I have set my face against this city for evil, and not for good, saith the LORD: it
91, also the son of Beor, the soothsayer, did the children of Israel slay with the sword among
105,Therefore if thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink: for in so doing thou shalt heap 
83, and the children fell under the wood. 
The elders have ceased from the gate, the y
73,e broken down: for they are unclean and shall be unclean unto you. 
Never
99,, and be wise, and refuse it not. 
Blessed is the man that heareth me, watching daily at my gates, 
95,on of Nebat, who was in Egypt, whither he fled from the presence of Solomon the king, heard it,
82,hold, I will give this city into the hand of the Chaldeans, and into the hand of N
101,parate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you. 
And will be a Fathe
101, families. 
These are that Aaron and Moses, to whom the LORD said, Bring out the children of Israel f
79,e Levites before the LORD: and the children of Israel shall put their hands upo
97,sgressed against me: for their worm shall not die, neither shall their fire be quenched; and they
106,up and of the platter, but within they are full of extortion and excess. 
Thou blind Pharisee, cleanse fir
84,n building you an altar beside the altar of the LORD our God. 
Did not Achan the son
104,clare if thou knowest it all. 
Where is the way where light dwelleth? and as for darkness, where is the 
92,art made manifest; and so falling down on his face he will worship God, and report that God 
95,rs to hear, let him hear. 
And his disciples asked him, saying, What might this parable be? 
An
94,on of man, prophesy against the shepherds of Israel, prophesy, and say unto them, Thus saith t
75,children of Manasseh the son of Joseph by their families. 
But Zelophehad, 
94,and believe thee? what dost thou work? 
Our fathers did eat manna in the desert; as it is writ
99,nd for to shed innocent blood, and for oppression, and for violence, to do it. 
Therefore thus sait
100,e and with blood; and I will rain upon him, and upon his bands, and upon the many people that are wi
73,me to pass at noon, that Elijah mocked them, and said, Cry aloud: for he 
78,hed me, and set me on the throne of David my father, and who hath made me an h
99,shall be unto them as the bread of mourners; all that eat thereof shall be polluted: for their brea
85,e sea: and I will convey them by sea in floats unto the place that thou shalt appoint
86, little had no lack; they gathered every man according to his eating. 
And Moses said,
83,ariots. 
Thy cheeks are comely with rows of jewels, thy neck with chains of gold. 

108,abitations were, Bethel and the towns thereof, and eastward Naaran, and westward Gezer, with the towns there
95,ave ended all my harvest. 
And Naomi said unto Ruth her daughter in law, It is good, my daughte
81,d from him which should have examined him: and the chief captain also was afraid,
108, my servant shall be king over them; and they all shall have one shepherd: they shall also walk in my judgme
74,ll confess their sin which they have done: and he shall recompense his tre
103,ather hath troubled the land: see, I pray you, how mine eyes have been enlightened, because I tasted a 
90,ore hast thou afflicted thy servant? and wherefore have I not found favour in thy sight, t
76,eless man being in honour abideth not: he is like the beasts that perish. 
T
93,he beast into the fire, and felt no harm. 
Howbeit they looked when he should have swollen, o
87,d in their streets, every one shall howl, weeping abundantly. 
And Heshbon shall cry, a
98, through faith. 
Do we then make void the law through faith? God forbid: yea, we establish the law
103,th, or things present, or things to come; all are your's; 
And ye are Christ's; and Christ is God's. 
L
106,him forth out of prison. 
And spake kindly unto him, and set his throne above the throne of the kings that
79,nd should have been killed of them: then came I with an army, and rescued him, 
95, for a continual burnt offering. 
After this manner ye shall offer daily, throughout the seven 
103,h the sinner from the error of his way shall save a soul from death, and shall hide a multitude of sins
91,e his name Dan. 
And Bilhah Rachel's maid conceived again, and bare Jacob a second son. 
An
82,mp of Judah pitch throughout their armies: and Nahshon the son of Amminadab shall 
74,, neither left they any to breathe. 
As the LORD commanded Moses his serva
75, searched out. 
And I brake the jaws of the wicked, and plucked the spoil o
81,with five. 
And the vale of Siddim was full of slimepits; and the kings of Sodom 
98,t of your graves, and bring you into the land of Israel. 
And ye shall know that I am the LORD, wh
78,ouse, went out unto them, and said unto them, Nay, my brethren, nay, I pray yo
101,ordan. 
Now Barzillai was a very aged man, even fourscore years old: and he had provided the king of 
105,, and they would not hear; so they cried, and I would not hear, saith the LORD of hosts: 
But I scattered
99,ying, The LORD your God hath given you rest, and hath given you this land. 
Your wives, your little
78, and he that remaineth in Jerusalem, shall be called holy, even every one that
104, doors toward the north. 
Now the upper chambers were shorter: for the galleries were higher than these,
93,oman, to every one a loaf of bread, and a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of wine. 
And he 
95,ffered sacrifice before the LORD. 
And Solomon offered a sacrifice of peace offerings, which he
107,The world cannot hate you; but me it hateth, because I testify of it, that the works thereof are evil. 
Go 
95,soever much is given, of him shall be much required: and to whom men have committed much, of hi
84,fort them which are in any trouble, by the comfort wherewith we ourselves are comfor
96,d all this great evil against us? or what is our iniquity? or what is our sin that we have commi
108,the tribe of Juda, the Root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof.
107,ine enemies: the tumult of those that rise up against thee increaseth continually. 
Unto thee, O God, do we
89,fear of thine heart wherewith thou shalt fear, and for the sight of thine eyes which thou
86,bear them. 
And when ye spread forth your hands, I will hide mine eyes from you: yea, 
82,. 
And they pitched by Jordan, from Bethjesimoth even unto Abelshittim in the plai
78,ll that were present in Israel to serve, even to serve the LORD their God. And
101,e way he should go: and when he is old, he will not depart from it. 
The rich ruleth over the poor, a
78, sinners have spoken against him. 
These are murmurers, complainers, walking a
105, shall keep it. 
But the man that is clean, and is not in a journey, and forbeareth to keep the passover,
104,e field shall yield her fruit, and the earth shall yield her increase, and they shall be safe in their l
105,f he bring a lamb for a sin offering, he shall bring it a female without blemish. 
And he shall lay his h
91,ose days he did eat nothing: and when they were ended, he afterward hungered. 
And the devi
107,ing of the south shall be strong, and one of his princes; and he shall be strong above him, and have domini
99,ildren of Israel made them the dens which are in the mountains, and caves, and strong holds. 
And s
104,phet; and none of them was cleansed, saving Naaman the Syrian. 
And all they in the synagogue, when they
76,f thine heart turn away, so that thou wilt not hear, but shalt be drawn away
107,rvant of this my lord talk with this my lord? for as for me, straightway there remained no strength in me, 
104,d Jesus answered and said unto it, No man eat fruit of thee hereafter for ever. And his disciples heard 
76, after the art of the apothecary: it shall be an holy anointing oil. 
And th
104,voice; 
(For the LORD thy God is a merciful God;) he will not forsake thee, neither destroy thee, nor fo
82,ent down to the well, and filled her pitcher, and came up. 
And the servant ran to
107,t, until he receive the early and latter rain. 
Be ye also patient; stablish your hearts: for the coming of
85, and the faith of Jesus. 
And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Write, Bles
88,ng root: but suddenly I cursed his habitation. 
His children are far from safety, and th
108, eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, dwelleth in me, and I in him. 
As the living Father hath sent me, a
93, white in it, and all the brown among the sheep, and gave them into the hand of his sons. 
An
80,said unto Balaam, Come, I pray thee, I will bring thee unto another place; perad
77,hing to her. 
But Amnon had a friend, whose name was Jonadab, the son of Shim
95,. 
And by the border of Reuben, from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Judah. 
An
83, not the Lord Jesus Christ, let him be Anathema Maranatha. 
The grace of our Lord J
74,r that is in thy gates, that he may eat it; or thou mayest sell it unto an
92,the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house; he even took 
104,ed away captive. 
Because ye have said, The LORD hath raised us up prophets in Babylon; 
Know that thus 
103, of the hand of the Chaldeans, but shall surely be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon, and 
91,f the prince give a gift unto any of his sons, the inheritance thereof shall be his sons'; 
85,en ye did drink, did not ye eat for yourselves, and drink for yourselves? 
Should ye 
77, the poor shall never cease out of the land: therefore I command thee, saying
81, thou shalt redeem with a lamb: and if thou redeem him not, then shalt thou break
80,ly place. 
(For they had seen before with him in the city Trophimus an Ephesian,
72, unto Absalom, that Hushai said unto Absalom, God save the king, God sav
103,an. 
Now an omer is the tenth part of an ephah. 
And all the congregation of the children of Israel jou
90,riest seeth it, behold, it be in sight lower than the skin, and the hair thereof be turned
74, son; 
And say, Thus saith the king, Put this fellow in the prison, and fe
74,tle: 
Who, when they came to Caesarea and delivered the epistle to the gov
83,and die. 
And Elijah said unto her, Fear not; go and do as thou hast said: but make
72,e LORD had sent me: 
To wit, Jerusalem, and the cities of Judah, and the
78,ng forth therefore fruits meet for repentance: 
And think not to say within yo
101,el by mine hand, as thou hast said, 
Behold, I will put a fleece of wool in the floor; and if the dew
101,to the Gentile: 
For there is no respect of persons with God. 
For as many as have sinned without law
87,uld go to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these matters. 
But when Paul had appealed 
99,oals of fire. 
The LORD also thundered in the heavens, and the Highest gave his voice; hail stones 
90,said every one to his fellow, Come, and let us cast lots, that we may know for whose cause
104,violently taken away from before thy face, and shall not be restored to thee: thy sheep shall be given u
94, 
For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them. And they went to an
82,ingled with oil, three tenth deals unto every bullock of the thirteen bullocks, tw
98,f Bethlehemjudah of the family of Judah, who was a Levite, and he sojourned there. 
And the man de
93,ance. 
And the Philistine said unto David, Am I a dog, that thou comest to me with staves? An
93,was far from Zidon, and they had no business with any man; and it was in the valley that liet
95,he children of Israel. 
And when thou hast seen it, thou also shalt be gathered unto thy people
99, pass over, every man armed for war, before the Lord to battle, as my lord saith. 
So concerning th
102,in the feast of weeks, and in the feast of tabernacles. 
And he appointed, according to the order of D
98,el, and sent and called Balaam the son of Beor to curse you: 
But I would not hearken unto Balaam;
75, sister, my spouse; thou hast ravished my heart with one of thine eyes, wit
88, regions of Syria and Cilicia; 
And was unknown by face unto the churches of Judaea whic
91,s old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that entereth into the service, for t
94,r shall gird thee, and carry thee whither thou wouldest not. 
This spake he, signifying by wha
88,the kingdom of my father. 
Then said the king to Ziba, Behold, thine are all that pertai
84,of the Danites sought them an inheritance to dwell in; for unto that day all their i
82, Kedar, and concerning the kingdoms of Hazor, which Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon
103,which could not deliver their own people out of thine hand? 
And it came to pass, as he talked with him
107,thee of. 
And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and saddled his ass, and took two of his young men with
74,d over the chambers for the treasures, for the offerings, for the firstfru
78,very quarter. 
And again he entered into Capernaum after some days; and it was
93,o possess all these things. 
And it shall come to pass, that as ye were a curse among the hea
75, and all the days of the elders that outlived Joshua, who had seen all the 
77,shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not. 
There was a man s
103, thy salvation, and for the word of thy righteousness. 
Deal with thy servant according unto thy mercy,
84,solemn assembly: ye shall do no servile work therein: 
But ye shall offer a burnt of
99,ut if ye be led of the Spirit, ye are not under the law. 
Now the works of the flesh are manifest, 
81,t fenced cities: and the arms of the south shall not withstand, neither his chose
88,. 
Arise ye, and depart; for this is not your rest: because it is polluted, it shall des
98, shalt thou go up by steps unto mine altar, that thy nakedness be not discovered thereon. 
Now the
107,m, Yea, I know that thou didst this in the integrity of thy heart; for I also withheld thee from sinning ag
95,rejoice in the day of Christ, that I have not run in vain, neither laboured in vain. 
Yea, and 
86,n the LORD thy God will turn thy captivity, and have compassion upon thee, and will re
100,them, Except I shall see in his hands the print of the nails, and put my finger into the print of th
87,d not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets. 
Wherefore ye be witn
98,ople went on after Joab, to pursue after Sheba the son of Bichri. 
And he went through all the tri
82,ins, saying, Lord, Lord, open to us. 
But he answered and said, Verily I say unto 
79, utter perverse things. 
Yea, thou shalt be as he that lieth down in the midst 
72,the one shall be taken, and the other left. 
Watch therefore: for ye kno
97,his decree came, the Jews had joy and gladness, a feast and a good day. And many of the people of
93, Philistines went out to the passage of Michmash. 
Now it came to pass upon a day, that Jonat
101,: 
Therefore, behold, I will proceed to do a marvellous work among this people, even a marvellous wor
72,ed thing before mine eyes: I hate the work of them that turn aside; it s
100,nd Moses took the tabernacle, and pitched it without the camp, afar off from the camp, and called it
83, about; 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Surely in the fire of my jealousy have 
77, Judah? And the LORD said unto him, Go up. And David said, Whither shall I go
105,hes, but wrapped together in a place by itself. 
Then went in also that other disciple, which came first 
90,gods; for that will be a snare unto thee. 
If thou shalt say in thine heart, These nations
73,these things is blind, and cannot see afar off, and hath forgotten that h
89, wares of thy making, for the multitude of all riches; in the wine of Helbon, and white w
105,ng, 
Unto these the land shall be divided for an inheritance according to the number of names. 
To many t
81,hese are the sons of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah, the father of Bethlehem. 
An
103, now they have no cloak for their sin. 
He that hateth me hateth my Father also. 
If I had not done amo
106,en. 
Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword. 
For I am com
78,n my bones, mine enemies reproach me; while they say daily unto me, Where is t
76,ass, that at evening time it shall be light. 
And it shall be in that day, t
88,re was a valley between them and Ai. 
And he took about five thousand men, and set them 
103, Eliab the third, 
Mishmannah the fourth, Jeremiah the fifth, 
Attai the sixth, Eliel the seventh, 
Joh
100,et, 
And at Hazarshual, and at Beersheba, and in the villages thereof, 
And at Ziklag, and at Mekona
98,ord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. 
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the commandment of Go
74,re: 
And he had in his hand a little book open: and he set his right foot 
98,t the broth. And he did so. 
Then the angel of the LORD put forth the end of the staff that was in
88, LORD liveth, thou hast been upright, and thy going out and thy coming in with me in the
97,aid to his wife, Arise, I pray thee, and disguise thyself, that thou be not known to be the wife 
82,rkness, but shall have the light of life. 
The Pharisees therefore said unto him, 
99,n the third day, that Esther put on her royal apparel, and stood in the inner court of the king's h
76,he Highest: for thou shalt go before the face of the Lord to prepare his way
77,vites: for them hath the LORD chosen to carry the ark of God, and to minister
88,For with thee is the fountain of life: in thy light shall we see light. 
O continue thy 
95,ead, to deliver him from his grief. So Jonah was exceeding glad of the gourd. 
But God prepared
90,ept, and all the works of the house of Ahab, and ye walk in their counsels; that I should 
100,the sore be white reddish in his bald head, or in his bald forehead, as the leprosy appeareth in the
88, shew us the way wherein we may walk, and the thing that we may do. 
Then Jeremiah the p
101,nd divide the money of it; and the dead ox also they shall divide. 
Or if it be known that the ox hat
80,ce thereof, and for all that shall be done therein. 
But the priests the Levites
74,ters to boil, to make thy name known to thine adversaries, that the nation
100,d. 
And thou shalt make the seven lamps thereof: and they shall light the lamps thereof, that they m
97,es: I will therefore now make preparation for it. So David prepared abundantly before his death. 
86,uld desire a request of you, that ye would give me every man the earrings of his prey.
74,id, God hath taken away my reproach: 
And she called his name Joseph; and 
83, his sins. 
He shall die without instruction; and in the greatness of his folly he 
95,word unto thy servant. 
Let thy tender mercies come unto me, that I may live: for thy law is my
102,ushi: these are the families of Levi according to their generations. 
And Amram took him Jochebed his 
100,y; and another fourth part they confessed, and worshipped the LORD their God. 
Then stood up upon th
81,ded Hilkiah, and Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Abdon the son of Micah, and Shaph
97,d been recommended to the grace of God for the work which they fulfilled. 
And when they were com
106,m the great congregation. 
Withhold not thou thy tender mercies from me, O LORD: let thy lovingkindness an
75,e him, all ye people. 
For his merciful kindness is great toward us: and th
90,there abominable flesh into my mouth. 
Then he said unto me, Lo, I have given thee cow's d
86,seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in heaven, saying, The kingdoms of 
101,ir by sevens, the male and the female; to keep seed alive upon the face of all the earth. 
For yet se
102,have written I have written. 
Then the soldiers, when they had crucified Jesus, took his garments, and
96, 
And that whosoever would not come within three days, according to the counsel of the princes a
77, him to my father's house: 
For I have five brethren; that he may testify unt
81, the timber thereof, wherewith Baasha had builded; and king Asa built with them G
91,fear, nor be afraid. 
Sanctify the LORD of hosts himself; and let him be your fear, and let
88,e also, and the apple tree, even all the trees of the field, are withered: because joy i
85,away from me. 
Surely as a wife treacherously departeth from her husband, so have ye 
84,d, Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water in a vessel, that I may drink. 
And as she 
83, his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed. 
I Daniel was grieved in my spirit 
106, for all manner of pleasant jewels; 
Storehouses also for the increase of corn, and wine, and oil; and sta
76, the children of Ammon. 
And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, t
82, that any man should carry any vessel through the temple. 
And he taught, saying u
74,she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole. 
And straightw
106,lf. 
On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets. 
While the Pharisees were gathered toget
104,ple down from the top of the mountains. And Zebul said unto him, Thou seest the shadow of the mountains 
98,s. 
And the disciples went, and did as Jesus commanded them, 
And brought the ass, and the colt, a
75,
And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, put forth a ri
72, thou shalt go even to Babylon; there shalt thou be delivered; there the
102,break your staff of bread: 
So will I send upon you famine and evil beasts, and they shall bereave the
81,cles: and they shall not appear before the LORD empty: 
Every man shall give as h
80,t vile. 
Behold upon the mountains the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, t
104, on the two ends of the breastplate, upon the border of it, which was on the side of the ephod inward. 

84,n: the priest shall pronounce him utterly unclean; his plague is in his head. 
And t
77,erds and of your flocks: 
And there ye shall eat before the LORD your God, an
93, ashamed that falsely accuse your good conversation in Christ. 
For it is better, if the will
74,and Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jezaniah the son of Hoshaiah, and all t
77, of God, Shall I go down after the Philistines? wilt thou deliver them into t
99,out of thy dwelling place, and root thee out of the land of the living. Selah. 
The righteous also 
90,have considered the things which thou sentest to me for: and I will do all thy desire conc
74,spised him, and brought no presents. But he held his peace. 
Then Nahash t
78,r: they pour down rain according to the vapour thereof: 
Which the clouds do d
104,, and hurt a woman with child, so that her fruit depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall b
92,ple of the land, that were found in the midst of the city. 
So Nebuzaradan the captain of th
98, that know him not see his days? 
Some remove the landmarks; they violently take away flocks, and 
93,the utter court on the forepart of the chambers, the length thereof was fifty cubits. 
For th
97,een. 
But upon mount Zion shall be deliverance, and there shall be holiness; and the house of Jac
96,ildren, guide the house, give none occasion to the adversary to speak reproachfully. 
For some a
79,ven, and bring it unto us, that we may hear it, and do it? 
Neither is it beyon
78, in the land of Egypt shall die, from the first born of Pharaoh that sitteth u
73,ons, unto the LORD; one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt off
80,nd there was a great calm. 
But the men marvelled, saying, What manner of man is
81,e of peace offerings unto the LORD to accomplish his vow, or a freewill offering 
80, that he may be loosed, and that he should not die in the pit, nor that his brea
108,then, The LORD hath done great things for them. 
The LORD hath done great things for us; whereof we are glad
88,wn one another. 
Then said Saul unto the people that were with him, Number now, and see 
105,w the linen clothes lying; yet went he not in. 
Then cometh Simon Peter following him, and went into the 
79,ried, and passed beyond the quarries, and escaped unto Seirath. 
And it came to
97,may pass through because of the beasts: 
Though these three men were in it, as I live, saith the 
89, the Gileadites. 
These are the sons of Gilead: of Jeezer, the family of the Jeezerites: 
75,d begat Mahalaleel: 
And Cainan lived after he begat Mahalaleel eight hundr
100,men that came up out of Egypt, from twenty years old and upward, shall see the land which I sware un
81, take of the people's inheritance by oppression, to thrust them out of their poss
77,ay shall save a soul from death, and shall hide a multitude of sins. 
Peter, 
101,Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, wh
79,g made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD: 
And the remnant of the meat o
103,eople of Samaria, giving out that himself was some great one: 
To whom they all gave heed, from the lea
99, Israel, saying, Appoint out for you cities of refuge, whereof I spake unto you by the hand of Mose
78, of silver, and a girdle. 
And the man said unto Joab, Though I should receive
105,tes arose and blessed the people: and their voice was heard, and their prayer came up to his holy dwellin
75,e villages which have no wall round about them shall be counted as the fiel
93,o every beast of the field; but for Adam there was not found an help meet for him. 
And the L
101, up unto them upon the roof; 
And she said unto the men, I know that the LORD hath given you the land
93,LORD. 
I have smitten you with blasting and mildew: when your gardens and your vineyards and 
106,on; and in the greatness of his folly he shall go astray. 
My son, if thou be surety for thy friend, if th
97,ed in the ways of the kings of Israel, and made also molten images for Baalim. 
Moreover he burnt
90, and good evil; that put darkness for light, and light for darkness; that put bitter for s
94,to a menstruous woman, 
And hath not oppressed any, but hath restored to the debtor his pledge
103, and blot out all mine iniquities. 
Create in me a clean heart, O God; and renew a right spirit within 
93,o can no fountain both yield salt water and fresh. 
Who is a wise man and endued with knowled
88,O God, plead thine own cause: remember how the foolish man reproacheth thee daily. 
Forg
104,came to pass on the morrow, when the Philistines came to strip the slain, that they found Saul and his s
93, and eat the lambs out of the flock, and the calves out of the midst of the stall; 
That chan
102,and Rezeph, and the children of Eden which were in Telassar? 
Where is the king of Hamath, and the kin
72, and cover that which cometh from thee: 
For the LORD thy God walketh in
98,se men, and we will discover ourselves unto them. 
If they say thus unto us, Tarry until we come t
89, a king ready to the battle. 
For he stretcheth out his hand against God, and strengthene
83,hat let go the goat for the scapegoat shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh i
90,. 
First, I thank my God through Jesus Christ for you all, that your faith is spoken of th
92,anded. 
Wherefore the LORD said unto Solomon, Forasmuch as this is done of thee, and thou ha
83,rs. 
All this have I proved by wisdom: I said, I will be wise; but it was far from 
103,ldren shall see it, and be glad; their heart shall rejoice in the LORD. 
I will hiss for them, and gath
96, in; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And they made coats of fine linen of woven work for Aaron, an
106,t he shall say, I am no prophet, I am an husbandman; for man taught me to keep cattle from my youth. 
And 
94,
And when they had fasted and prayed, and laid their hands on them, they sent them away. 
So t
106, when he rose up from prayer, and was come to his disciples, he found them sleeping for sorrow, 
And said 
97,r, and James, and John the brother of James. 
And he cometh to the house of the ruler of the syna
85,ome unto thee shortly: 
But if I tarry long, that thou mayest know how thou oughtest 
81, in the desert, to give drink to my people, my chosen. 
This people have I formed
103,and peace, from him which is, and which was, and which is to come; and from the seven Spirits which are
82,ered them not. 
Then did I beat them as small as the dust of the earth, I did stam
77,is inscription, TO THE UNKNOWN GOD. Whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, him
81,reas it was in thine heart to build an house unto my name, thou didst well that i
102,thshemesh, and passed on to Timnah: 
And the border went out unto the side of Ekron northward: and the
98, the streets, they have polluted themselves with blood, so that men could not touch their garments
93, Job answered the LORD, and said, 
I know that thou canst do every thing, and that no thought
93,ccording to the meat offering of the morning, and according to the drink offering thereof, fo
80,going up to it had eight steps. 
And the chambers and the entries thereof were b
97,any resorted unto him, and said, John did no miracle: but all things that John spake of this man 
91,s the fishes that are taken in an evil net, and as the birds that are caught in the snare; 
75, 
Forty stripes he may give him, and not exceed: lest, if he should exceed,
85,will abide, yea, and winter with you, that ye may bring me on my journey whithersoeve
97, and shall not find it; and shall desire to die, and death shall flee from them. 
And the shapes 
103,that he commanded him all the days of his life, save only in the matter of Uriah the Hittite. 
And ther
97,and let down your nets for a draught. 
And Simon answering said unto him, Master, we have toiled 
93, the tower, and will watch to see what he will say unto me, and what I shall answer when I am
74,nd gave the loaves to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude. 

106, 
Now when Mephibosheth, the son of Jonathan, the son of Saul, was come unto David, he fell on his face, a
93,rfect? 
Will he reprove thee for fear of thee? will he enter with thee into judgment? 
Is not
104,lderness. 
And now, I beseech thee, let the power of my lord be great, according as thou hast spoken, sa
91,majesty and excellency; and array thyself with glory and beauty. 
Cast abroad the rage of t
76,ister, nor of thy father's sister: for he uncovereth his near kin: they shal
96, may continue many days. 
For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Houses and fields
77,el to pass through the midst of it: for his mercy endureth for ever: 
But ove
106, of thy loins; and with bitterness sigh before their eyes. 
And it shall be, when they say unto thee, Wher
74,. 
And the Chaldeans burned the king's house, and the houses of the people
92,er than thy father. 
Are the consolations of God small with thee? is there any secret thing 
108,ns this evil, to ask us a king. 
And Samuel said unto the people, Fear not: ye have done all this wickedness
106,n mine eyes, and I washed, and do see. 
Therefore said some of the Pharisees, This man is not of God, beca
92, house of God be builded in his place. 
Then came the same Sheshbazzar, and laid the foundat
84,the palms of my hands. 
And he said unto me, O Daniel, a man greatly beloved, unders
85,me in, and by the which they go out, and in all the gates of Jerusalem; 
And say unto
80,ll the house of Israel are uncircumcised in the heart. 
Hear ye the word which t
106, in their nations. 
Unto Shem also, the father of all the children of Eber, the brother of Japheth the eld
89,y, Behold a gluttonous man, and a winebibber, a friend of publicans and sinners! 
But wis
105,t sent down from heaven; which things the angels desire to look into. 
Wherefore gird up the loins of you
73,; but this shall be with burning and fuel of fire. 
For unto us a child i
105,o the house of the LORD, into the chamber of the sons of Hanan, the son of Igdaliah, a man of God, which 
100,he king said, If he be alone, there is tidings in his mouth. And he came apace, and drew near. 
And 
103,the heave offering, which is waved, and which is heaved up, of the ram of the consecration, even of tha
77,ssover on the fourteenth day of the month at even in the plains of Jericho. 

90,the gate, and the elders, said, We are witnesses. The LORD make the woman that is come int
98,arth. 
They also went down into hell with him unto them that be slain with the sword; and they tha
98,of their law, but to have nothing laid to his charge worthy of death or of bonds. 
And when it was
99,
For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another the word of knowledge by the same
80,ate, and above the fish gate, and the tower of Hananeel, and the tower of Meah, 
100,ders of Israel, 
If we this day be examined of the good deed done to the impotent man, by what means
97,and the Lord Jesus Christ: 
Grace unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Chr
83,e ye do not lay it to heart. 
Behold, I will corrupt your seed, and spread dung upo
72,Salma; Bethlehem, and the Netophathites, Ataroth, the house of Joab, and
86, raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. 
For with the heart man believeth unto
99,ou: for there is peace to thee, and no hurt; as the LORD liveth. 
But if I say thus unto the young 
98,t was very great. 
And entering into the sepulchre, they saw a young man sitting on the right side
90,house of the LORD: the brass of all these vessels was without weight. 
And concerning the 
76,heart is hardened, he refuseth to let the people go. 
Get thee unto Pharaoh 
108,lves unto God, as those that are alive from the dead, and your members as instruments of righteousness unto 
96,ome of the handfuls of purpose for her, and leave them, that she may glean them, and rebuke her 
99,isit upon her the days of Baalim, wherein she burned incense to them, and she decked herself with h
86, with reproach and dishonour that seek my hurt. 
But I will hope continually, and will
72,he people and all Israel understood that day that it was not of the king
75, and Obadiah went another way by himself. 
And as Obadiah was in the way, b
86,l come, ye may remember that I told you of them. And these things I said not unto you 
81,thee, how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have d
95,y were consecrations for a sweet savour: it is an offering made by fire unto the LORD. 
And Mos
96,he offspring of thy bowels like the gravel thereof; his name should not have been cut off nor de
98,nd she gave the king an hundred and twenty talents of gold, and of spices very great store, and pr
84,tain burned with fire unto the midst of heaven, with darkness, clouds, and thick dar
103,me, saith the Lord, when I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel and with the house of Juda
90,are to speak of any of those things which Christ hath not wrought by me, to make the Genti
107,said unto David, Let my lord the king take and offer up what seemeth good unto him: behold, here be oxen fo
91,Manasseh the son of Joseph: and these are the names of his daughters; Mahlah, Noah, and Hog
74,lt send our brother with us, we will go down and buy thee food: 
But if th
102,thee, because the LORD thy God loved thee. 
Thou shalt not seek their peace nor their prosperity all t
107,hall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings, crying, Grace, grace unto it. 
Moreover the word of 
73,all they see me. 
Now when they were going, behold, some of the watch cam
76,ces. 
Arise, O God, judge the earth: for thou shalt inherit all nations. 
Ke
95,, be not afraid; say unto the cities of Judah, Behold your God! 
Behold, the Lord GOD will come
100,ith strange apparel. 
In the same day also will I punish all those that leap on the threshold, which
108, his way prosperous. 
Come ye near unto me, hear ye this; I have not spoken in secret from the beginning; fr
80,o blow in the heaven: and by his power he brought in the south wind. 
He rained 
103,hall be unclean until the even. 
And he that beareth the carcase of them shall wash his clothes, and be
75,, saying, Cause them that have charge over the city to draw near, even ever
100, in heaven. 
In that hour Jesus rejoiced in spirit, and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven
96,he thing which the LORD hath commanded, Gather of it every man according to his eating, an omer 
91, 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Rise up early in the morning, and stand before Pharaoh, and
97,ell. 
The proverbs of Solomon. A wise son maketh a glad father: but a foolish son is the heavines
91,he left. 
For in the eighth year of his reign, while he was yet young, he began to seek aft
94,led the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the flock of Laban his mother's brother. 
And
107,own eyes, after which ye use to go a whoring: 
That ye may remember, and do all my commandments, and be hol
85,aul, that David took an harp, and played with his hand: so Saul was refreshed, and wa
107, Israel. And the land had rest fourscore years. 
And after him was Shamgar the son of Anath, which slew of 
106,y his great strength. 
Behold, the eye of the LORD is upon them that fear him, upon them that hope in his 
102,not thou one of them that strike hands, or of them that are sureties for debts. 
If thou hast nothing 
103, as in the provocation, in the day of temptation in the wilderness: 
When your fathers tempted me, prov
106,on. 
But the angel of the Lord by night opened the prison doors, and brought them forth, and said, 
Go, st
103, of the herd, let him offer a male without blemish: he shall offer it of his own voluntary will at the 
86,y know what to do unto thee. 
And the children of Israel stripped themselves of their 
