1000
92, of Israel, and are come forth out of the waters of Judah, which swear by the name of the LO
98,sgression, have we prepared and sanctified, and, behold, they are before the altar of the LORD. 
T
101, in the morning, it shall be counted a curse to him. 
A continual dropping in a very rainy day and a 
92,aith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you. 
And will be a Fathe
80,Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the 
76,ird day: 
And that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in hi
79,a lying tongue is but for a moment. 
Deceit is in the heart of them that imagin
93,lummet in the hand of Zerubbabel with those seven; they are the eyes of the LORD, which run t
76, thy poor, and to thy needy, in thy land. 
And if thy brother, an Hebrew man
101,he masters of assemblies, which are given from one shepherd. 
And further, by these, my son, be admon
91,ce which he should choose. 
Now it came to pass, when Adonizedec king of Jerusalem had hear
84,herein. 
Then said Jesus, Let her alone: against the day of my burying hath she kept
88,RD upholdeth the righteous. 
The LORD knoweth the days of the upright: and their inherit
98,is brasen grate, his staves, and all his vessels, the laver and his foot, 
The hangings of the cou
94,n, and as an ensign on an hill. 
And therefore will the LORD wait, that he may be gracious unt
88,hath hired us. He saith unto them, Go ye also into the vineyard; and whatsoever is right
81, the LORD hath wrought this? 
In whose hand is the soul of every living thing, an
95,they call on him in whom they have not believed? and how shall they believe in him of whom they
94,ts. But ye said, Wherein shall we return? 
Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed me. But ye s
94,e LORD thy God giveth thee to possess it. 
Thou shalt prepare thee a way, and divide the coast
80,
Eliel, and Obed, and Jasiel the Mesobaite. 
Now these are they that came to Dav
86,o me: as soon as they hear, they shall be obedient unto me. 
Strangers shall fade away
73,gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his
93,er the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which he hath
92,cy to the poor; if it may be a lengthening of thy tranquillity. 
All this came upon the king
85, night, by the way of the king's garden, by the gate betwixt the two walls: and he we
101,ice before the LORD thy God, thou, and thy son, and thy daughter, and thy manservant, and thy maidser
94,. 
Now gather thyself in troops, O daughter of troops: he hath laid siege against us: they sha
88,ael, some on this side, and some on that side: and they smote them, so that they let non
107,at he should come again to dwell in the land, until the death of the priest. 
So ye shall not pollute the l
79,he blood that is upon the altar, and of the anointing oil, and sprinkle it upon
95,ill call on the name of the LORD: and the God that answereth by fire, let him be God. And all t
85,hen am I strong. 
I am become a fool in glorying; ye have compelled me: for I ought t
90,offerings. So the LORD was intreated for the land, and the plague was stayed from Israel. 
96, into my rest. 
O sing unto the LORD a new song: sing unto the LORD, all the earth. 
Sing unto t
94,are unto Amram Aaron and Moses, and Miriam their sister. 
And unto Aaron was born Nadab, and A
80,e to Beersheba, which belongeth to Judah, and left his servant there. 
But he hi
98,nd clave asunder that was under them: 
And the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up, and 
100,roof of Christ speaking in me, which to you-ward is not weak, but is mighty in you. 
For though he w
81,eritance among the brethren of their father. 
And there fell ten portions to Mana
90,refused, and said, I will not eat. But his servants, together with the woman, compelled hi
100, his brother. 
For this is the message that ye heard from the beginning, that we should love one ano
75,; cry ye out, and cry: they are drunken, but not with wine; they stagger, b
105,
I robbed other churches, taking wages of them, to do you service. 
And when I was present with you, and 
90,d Elishama, and Beeliada, and Eliphalet. 
And when the Philistines heard that David was an
108,, and shall come into Egypt: and the idols of Egypt shall be moved at his presence, and the heart of Egypt s
74,ave the humble person. 
He shall deliver the island of the innocent: and i
92,and I will give him rest from all his enemies round about: for his name shall be Solomon, an
97,to thou hast attained. 
But refuse profane and old wives' fables, and exercise thyself rather unt
102,the Lord, and said unto him, Thou seest, brother, how many thousands of Jews there are which believe; 
106,lory, and power, be unto him that sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb for ever and ever. 
And the f
95,hter of Dibri, of the tribe of Dan:) 
And they put him in ward, that the mind of the LORD might
80,faithful. 
I suppose therefore that this is good for the present distress, I say
81,od gave the increase. 
So then neither is he that planteth any thing, neither he 
89,gs; and I will accept you, saith the Lord GOD. 
Then he brought me back the way of the ga
98, of thy mouth is better unto me than thousands of gold and silver. 
Thy hands have made me and fas
90,s kindled against the children of Israel. 
And Joshua sent men from Jericho to Ai, which i
95,before them; and they shall prophesy: 
And the Spirit of the LORD will come upon thee, and thou
96,all over like an hairy garment; and they called his name Esau. 
And after that came his brother 
75, the rod of his oppressor, as in the day of Midian. 
For every battle of th
100,ereof, and all the forms thereof, and all the laws thereof: and write it in their sight, that they m
81,ly host praising God, and saying, 
Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peac
90,rnt offering or meat offering, or if to offer peace offerings thereon, let the LORD himsel
82,from whence also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ: 
Who shall change
95,ee also with ornaments, and I put bracelets upon thy hands, and a chain on thy neck. 
And I put
84,vy slayeth the silly one. 
I have seen the foolish taking root: but suddenly I curse
105, again? I shall go to him, but he shall not return to me. 
And David comforted Bathsheba his wife, and we
91,hand of the king. 
And the messenger that went to call Micaiah spake to him, saying, Behold
76,suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Beeshterah with her subu
92,eir peace offerings, even their heave offering unto the LORD. 
And the holy garments of Aaro
74,hine ear at my breathing, at my cry. 
Thou drewest near in the day that I 
91,er than the former, and shall certainly come after certain years with a great army and with
92, the Gentiles granted repentance unto life. 
Now they which were scattered abroad upon the p
76, all the remnant of Judah, that were returned from all nations, whither they
74,salvation is gone forth, and mine arms shall judge the people; the isles s
100, when David came to Ziklag, he sent of the spoil unto the elders of Judah, even to his friends, sayi
76,hen, and the land of your enemies shall eat you up. 
And they that are left 
75, mine eye shall no more see good. 
The eye of him that hath seen me shall s
79,nkle the blood thereof upon the altar round about. 
And he shall offer thereof 
94,should not henceforth live unto themselves, but unto him which died for them, and rose again. 
81,t of the city, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah slew them, and cast them into th
79, to speak unto the people concerning John, What went ye out into the wilderness
82,imri hath conspired, and hath also slain the king: wherefore all Israel made Omri,
97,ound her soul, shall stand: and the LORD shall forgive her, because her father disallowed her. 
A
83,r of the LORD in the presence of all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth h
86,mphipolis and Apollonia, they came to Thessalonica, where was a synagogue of the Jews:
83,he LORD. 
Moreover the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah the second time, while h
84,in wait round about Gibeah. 
And the children of Israel went up against the children
104, thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they
89,at it was known unto us, and God had brought their counsel to nought, that we returned al
89, no good thing will he withhold from them that walk uprightly. 
O LORD of hosts, blessed 
79,edingly. 
And David answered and said, Behold the king's spear! and let one of 
96,ned instead of Josiah his father, which went forth out of this place; He shall not return thithe
94, the house Beelzebub, how much more shall they call them of his household? 
Fear them not ther
88, peace, that he may come unto me: for I look for him with the brethren. 
As touching our
105, us: for as for this Moses, which brought us out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is become of him. 
91,house, nor he goats out of thy folds. 
For every beast of the forest is mine, and the cattl
80, of God; but with the flesh the law of sin. 
There is therefore now no condemnat
95,
For it shall be, that on the day thou goest out, and passest over the brook Kidron, thou shalt
94,r let me see this great fire any more, that I die not. 
And the LORD said unto me, They have w
85,the same day ye offer it, and on the morrow: and if ought remain until the third day,
97,erein they sold victuals. 
There dwelt men of Tyre also therein, which brought fish, and all mann
99,ing his ignorance wherein he erred and wist it not, and it shall be forgiven him. 
It is a trespass
84,nd about your altars. 
In all your dwellingplaces the cities shall be laid waste, an
104, the LORD, the God of David thy father, I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I will a
92, 
I will make mention of Rahab and Babylon to them that know me: behold Philistia, and Tyre,
88,ign among them, and I will send those that escape of them unto the nations, to Tarshish,
84,ow wherefore they cried so against him. 
And as they bound him with thongs, Paul sai
102,then hast thou not kept the oath of the LORD, and the commandment that I have charged thee with? 
The 
79, the priests, the ministers of the LORD, weep between the porch and the altar, 
91,a dreamer of dreams, and giveth thee a sign or a wonder, 
And the sign or the wonder come t
84,hem against this land, and against the inhabitants thereof, and against all these na
94, Daniel unto the king, O king, live for ever. 
My God hath sent his angel, and hath shut the l
80,th thee: and as soon as ye be up early in the morning, and have light, depart. 

83,elling place: 
But they mocked the messengers of God, and despised his words, and m
92, them by lot. 
And after that he gave unto them judges about the space of four hundred and f
81, beseech you, brethren, that ye increase more and more; 
And that ye study to be 
77,ant, or the eye of his maid, that it perish; he shall let him go free for his
74,for the healing of the nations. 
And there shall be no more curse: but the
93,binadab, and Eshbaal. 
And the son of Jonathan was Meribbaal: and Meribbaal begat Micah. 
And
96,arter. 
And the south quarter was from the end of Kirjathjearim, and the border went out on the 
74,al life. 
And we believe and are sure that thou art that Christ, the Son o
97,in Shushan the palace was brought before the king. 
And the king said unto Esther the queen, The 
73,sseth by. 
And he cried, saying, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on 
98,m hardly departeth from him. 
And I besought thy disciples to cast him out; and they could not. 
A
78, saltness, wherewith will ye season it? Have salt in yourselves, and have peac
83, the Lord GOD, Behold, I will lift up mine hand to the Gentiles, and set up my stan
96,m the selvedge in the coupling; and likewise shalt thou make in the uttermost edge of another cu
90,espitefully use you, and persecute you; 
That ye may be the children of your Father which 
91,n wherewith his mother crowned him in the day of his espousals, and in the day of the gladn
77,thee, until I come unto thee, and bring forth my present, and set it before t
81,drink to every beast of the field: the wild asses quench their thirst. 
By them s
76,elt carelessly, that said in her heart, I am, and there is none beside me: h
100, they came near. And he said, I am Joseph your brother, whom ye sold into Egypt. 
Now therefore be n
103,e LORD. 
Say unto them, Whosoever he be of all your seed among your generations, that goeth unto the ho
90, are in his hand: he loveth to oppress. 
And Ephraim said, Yet I am become rich, I have fo
97,e bases, which king Solomon had made in the house of the LORD: the brass of all these vessels was
88,man can approach unto; whom no man hath seen, nor can see: to whom be honour and power e
85, and all the hires thereof shall be burned with the fire, and all the idols thereof w
98, water, that they may become blood; and that there may be blood throughout all the land of Egypt, 
75,were these: Of the sons of Amram; Shubael: of the sons of Shubael; Jehdeiah
76,overb, The dog is turned to his own vomit again; and the sow that was washed
101,ast that dieth of itself, and the fat of that which is torn with beasts, may be used in any other use
98,to me; and I judge between one and another, and I do make them know the statutes of God, and his l
96,and live: wherefore should this city be laid waste? 
But if they be prophets, and if the word of
89,rly at the sepulchre; 
And when they found not his body, they came, saying, that they had
76,louds; 
Yet he shall perish for ever like his own dung: they which have seen
108,y thing in secret, and he himself seeketh to be known openly. If thou do these things, shew thyself to the w
91,: for mine anger is turned away from him. 
I will be as the dew unto Israel: he shall grow 
101,instruments of war, fifty thousand, which could keep rank: they were not of double heart. 
And of Nap
105,at side, by the side of the gate; eight tables, whereupon they slew their sacrifices. 
And the four table
98,nd the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches. 
Unto the angel of the church 
80, dealt falsely in thy covenant. 
Our heart is not turned back, neither have our 
85,tain. 
And they shall not take of thee a stone for a corner, nor a stone for foundati
72,ut off from among his people. 
Because he hath despised the word of the 
89,ease: all that devour him shall offend; evil shall come upon them, saith the LORD. 
Hear 
85,t which was commanded, And if so much as a beast touch the mountain, it shall be ston
104,nd hide thyself: 
And I will go out and stand beside my father in the field where thou art, and I will c
84,n by whom he is betrayed! 
And they began to enquire among themselves, which of them
103,and seventh year of Asa king of Judah, and reigned in his stead. 
And it came to pass, when he began to
95,ains of the thousands that were of Manasseh. 
And they helped David against the band of the rov
94, whelps, and will rend the caul of their heart, and there will I devour them like a lion: the 
103,e not reprobates. 
Now I pray to God that ye do no evil; not that we should appear approved, but that y
107, Shemaiah, and for Elnathan, and for Jarib, and for Elnathan, and for Nathan, and for Zechariah, and for Me
99,und a certain sorcerer, a false prophet, a Jew, whose name was Barjesus: 
Which was with the deputy
108,Baana the son of Ahilud; to him pertained Taanach and Megiddo, and all Bethshean, which is by Zartanah benea
87,he wheels went by them: and when the cherubims lifted up their wings to mount up from t
95, on every side: and Dathan and Abiram came out, and stood in the door of their tents, and their
80,Levite thy brother? I know that he can speak well. And also, behold, he cometh f
73,day, shall be in thine heart: 
And thou shalt teach them diligently unto 
104, 
I will behave myself wisely in a perfect way. O when wilt thou come unto me? I will walk within my hou
83,nteth and catcheth any beast or fowl that may be eaten; he shall even pour out the 
74,ibes of Israel, shall ye send to the war. 
So there were delivered out of 
78,edness ye spake of? for I bear you record, that, if it had been possible, ye w
93,they have committed whoredom continually: her rulers with shame do love, Give ye. 
The wind h
94,he meek will he teach his way. 
All the paths of the LORD are mercy and truth unto such as kee
77,le away, every man to his house. 
And Saul also went home to Gibeah; and ther
106,r against the gate toward the north, and toward the east; and he measured from gate to gate an hundred cub
80, be, when he maketh his sons to inherit that which he hath, that he may not make
78,e. 
But if a man be just, and do that which is lawful and right, 
And hath not
87,s that goeth down to the battle, so shall his part be that tarrieth by the stuff: they 
87,the world hath not known thee: but I have known thee, and these have known that thou ha
80,hem that chew the cud, or of them that divide the hoof: as the camel, because he
81,ospel of his Son, that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my prayers
87,n. 
And the Pharisees came to him, and asked him, Is it lawful for a man to put away hi
96,nothai begat Ophrah: and Seraiah begat Joab, the father of the valley of Charashim; for they wer
78,ves; the name of the one was Hannah, and the name of the other Peninnah: and P
105,o him that striveth with his Maker! Let the potsherd strive with the potsherds of the earth. Shall the cl
107, green tree, what shall be done in the dry? 
And there were also two other, malefactors, led with him to be
88,with his brethren the priests, and they builded the sheep gate; they sanctified it, and 
90, their wives unto others, and their fields to them that shall inherit them: for every one 
76, 
Which the clouds do drop and distil upon man abundantly. 
Also can any und
74,uncil to appear, and brought Paul down, and set him before them. 
And Paul
73,is a vain thing for safety: neither shall he deliver any by his great str
98,ael, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Yet in this your fathers have blasphemed me, in t
74, O God. He taketh away the first, that he may establish the second. 
By th
78,ession maketh a wise man mad; and a gift destroyeth the heart. 
Better is the 
99,and return, and have indignation against the holy covenant: so shall he do; he shall even return, a
105,ired the cities, and dwelt in them. 
And the children of Israel departed thence at that time, every man t
103, a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the LORD thy God is with thee whithersoev
75, shall be a statute for ever unto you: that in the seventh month, on the te
94, the cities of the plain, and all Gilead, and all Bashan, unto Salchah and Edrei, cities of th
97,And there went up some of the children of Israel, and of the priests, and the Levites, and the si
105,ORD, from henceforth and for ever. 
Arise, shine; for thy light is come, and the glory of the LORD is ris
86, oaths: but he will call to remembrance the iniquity, that they may be taken. 
Therefo
107,he LORD, He that remaineth in this city shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence: but h
78, east sea. And this is the east side. 
And the south side southward, from Tama
106,edars of Lebanon, saying, Since thou art laid down, no feller is come up against us. 
Hell from beneath is
105,ess to them, but it gave light by night to these: so that the one came not near the other all the night. 
84,e. 
But the mercy of the LORD is from everlasting to everlasting upon them that fear
108,hall flee away. 
I, even I, am he that comforteth you: who art thou, that thou shouldest be afraid of a man 
91,or ever; his horn shall be exalted with honour. 
The wicked shall see it, and be grieved; h
96,re than any living, but for their sakes that shall make known the interpretation to the king, an
106,oly One of Israel. 
Sit thou silent, and get thee into darkness, O daughter of the Chaldeans: for thou sha
73,t to his place. 
And they said, If ye send away the ark of the God of Isr
82, up into the ship, and returned back again. 
Now the man out of whom the devils we
90,them that they make them fringes in the borders of their garments throughout their generat
101,ee your face with great desire. 
Wherefore we would have come unto you, even I Paul, once and again; 
78,tched in the plains of Moab on this side Jordan by Jericho. 
And Balak the son
94,. 
And Joshua blessed him, and gave unto Caleb the son of Jephunneh Hebron for an inheritance.
80, out at the presence of the LORD, because he cometh to judge the earth. 
O give 
104,nd that before the unbelievers. 
Now therefore there is utterly a fault among you, because ye go to law 
87,gation: 
And he laid his hands upon him, and gave him a charge, as the LORD commanded b
88,ou hast given a banner to them that fear thee, that it may be displayed because of the t
93,h not himself in that thing which he alloweth. 
And he that doubteth is damned if he eat, bec
83,all manner of instruments of war for the battle, an hundred and twenty thousand. 
A
86, could not endure. 
If I have made gold my hope, or have said to the fine gold, Thou a
90,ng, and sent letters by posts on horseback, and riders on mules, camels, and young dromeda
104,rneth up his enemies round about. 
His lightnings enlightened the world: the earth saw, and trembled. 
T
72, I was not a whit behind the very chiefest apostles. 
But though I be ru
72,heads. 
Yea, the hind also calved in the field, and forsook it, because 
103,that troubleth you shall bear his judgment, whosoever he be. 
And I, brethren, if I yet preach circumci
92,lation for the LORD, what every man hath gotten, of jewels of gold, chains, and bracelets, r
89,n, saying, O king Nebuchadnezzar, to thee it is spoken; The kingdom is departed from thee
76, the field, let him likewise not return back. 
Remember Lot's wife. 
Whosoev
76, may carry away in his hand. 
And this also is a sore evil, that in all poin
87,d, that they should feed her there a thousand two hundred and threescore days. 
And the
91,h not any of those duties, but even hath eaten upon the mountains, and defiled his neighbou
93,ple offered and burnt incense yet in the high places. 
And Jehoshaphat made peace with the ki
76,And another of his disciples said unto him, Lord, suffer me first to go and 
93, sinners against their own souls, let them make them broad plates for a covering of the altar
105,also cometh forth from the LORD of hosts, which is wonderful in counsel, and excellent in working. 
Woe t
95, Jerusalem much people to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the second month, a very great 
87, Assyria, What confidence is this wherein thou trustest? 
I say, sayest thou, (but they
95,ingdom of God like? and whereunto shall I resemble it? 
It is like a grain of mustard seed, whi
79, draweth him into his net. 
He croucheth, and humbleth himself, that the poor m
76, was exalted among the thick branches, and she appeared in her height with t
106, when there is no peace. 
Were they ashamed when they had committed abomination? nay, they were not at all
74,ore Abishai, and entered into the city. So Joab returned from the children
80,whose breath is in his nostrils: for wherein is he to be accounted of ? 
For, be
103, of Israel go; as the LORD had spoken by Moses. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Go in unto Pharaoh: for 
83,rt was not perfect with the LORD his God, as the heart of David his father. 
Nevert
98,e at Gibeon. 
But David could not go before it to enquire of God: for he was afraid because of the
89,een rebellious against me, saith the LORD. 
Thy way and thy doings have procured these th
102,person will speak villany, and his heart will work iniquity, to practise hypocrisy, and to utter error
81,omon spake unto all Israel, to the captains of thousands and of hundreds, and to 
86, thankful; but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened
99,of Helon. 
Of the children of Joseph: of Ephraim; Elishama the son of Ammihud: of Manasseh; Gamalie
107,ace shall be between them both. 
And the crowns shall be to Helem, and to Tobijah, and to Jedaiah, and to H
105, her, she fled from her face. 
And the angel of the LORD found her by a fountain of water in the wilderne
94,d, Stand back. And they said again, This one fellow came in to sojourn, and he will needs be a
94,, and the ten sons of Haman; what have they done in the rest of the king's provinces? now what
92, almsdeeds which she did. 
And it came to pass in those days, that she was sick, and died: w
101,se of honey, and go to him: he shall tell thee what shall become of the child. 
And Jeroboam's wife d
83,s great wilderness: these forty years the LORD thy God hath been with thee; thou ha
94,under the rod, the tenth shall be holy unto the LORD. 
He shall not search whether it be good 
84, 
And it came to pass, when Rehoboam had established the kingdom, and had strengthen
79,n of man, appoint thee two ways, that the sword of the king of Babylon may come
99, David these words, it pleased David well to be the king's son in law: and the days were not expire
77,ll men unto me. 
This he said, signifying what death he should die. 
The peop
95,ich was the nineteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, came Nebuzaradan, captain of the
99,he tribe of Levi. 
The sons of Moses were, Gershom, and Eliezer. 
Of the sons of Gershom, Shebuel w
106,ith him, and he with me. 
To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also 
87,OD; Every man of the house of Israel that setteth up his idols in his heart, and puttet
96, boast: abide now at home; why shouldest thou meddle to thine hurt, that thou shouldest fall, ev
103,And I raised up of your sons for prophets, and of your young men for Nazarites. Is it not even thus, O 
79,the angels said he at any time, Sit on my right hand, until I make thine enemie
85,and apostleship, for obedience to the faith among all nations, for his name: 
Among w
85,us make a covenant with thee; 
That thou wilt do us no hurt, as we have not touched t
100, you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat; neither for the body, what ye shall put on. 
93,l be destroyed: but he that feareth the commandment shall be rewarded. 
The law of the wise i
94,, that there were Pharisees and doctors of the law sitting by, which were come out of every to
96,im, all the days of our life. 
And thou, child, shalt be called the prophet of the Highest: for 
78,turned against the people, and they said, Why have we done this, that we have 
103,hrust it through his ear unto the door, and he shall be thy servant for ever. And also unto thy maidser
100, Samaria and Jerusalem. 
Hear, all ye people; hearken, O earth, and all that therein is: and let the
75,thus it shall be in the midst of the land among the people, there shall be 
89, do it? 
Neither is it beyond the sea, that thou shouldest say, Who shall go over the sea
72,f Hezekiah. 
And Hezekiah had exceeding much riches and honour: and he m
83,e David's servants, and brought gifts. 
David smote also Hadadezer, the son of Reho
108,ons; and the Philistines slew Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, the sons of Saul. 
And the battle went
83,he way of the wicked prosper? wherefore are all they happy that deal very treachero
72,arkened not unto me, nor inclined their ear, but hardened their neck: th
84,his isle shall say in that day, Behold, such is our expectation, whither we flee for
95,e eaten. 
In the first day shall be an holy convocation; ye shall do no manner of servile work 
81,thdor with her suburbs, and Kartan with her suburbs; three cities. 
All the citie
81,and which may lead them out, and which may bring them in; that the congregation o
85,of the earth have committed fornication with her, and the merchants of the earth are 
74,nd Jaanai, and Shaphat in Bashan. 
And their brethren of the house of thei
77, Selah. 
But know that the LORD hath set apart him that is godly for himself:
103, back unto the LORD God of their fathers. 
And he set judges in the land throughout all the fenced citi
86, shall speak unto thee; and we will hear it, and do it. 
And the LORD heard the voice 
87,and his body destroyed, and given to the burning flame. 
As concerning the rest of the 
100,s, but of him that calleth;) 
It was said unto her, The elder shall serve the younger. 
As it is wri
92,d of the priests bought he not; for the priests had a portion assigned them of Pharaoh, and 
104,may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus. 
Your glorying is not good. Know ye not that a little leaven 
96,, and ye shall eat the fat of the land. 
Now thou art commanded, this do ye; take you wagons out
77,
Strive not with a man without cause, if he have done thee no harm. 
Envy tho
96,gdom of God. 
That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is 
81,e, and hath greatly offended, and revenged himself upon them; 
Therefore thus sai
93, flock became meat to every beast of the field, because there was no shepherd, neither did my
98,aven can be compared unto the LORD? who among the sons of the mighty can be likened unto the LORD?
79,t sell them say, Blessed be the LORD; for I am rich: and their own shepherds pi
77,I indeed baptize you with water; but one mightier than I cometh, the latchet 
94,ell purchase to themselves a good degree, and great boldness in the faith which is in Christ J
93,by reason of the famine. 
And Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of 
94,it, and made cakes in his sight, and did bake the cakes. 
And she took a pan, and poured them 
78,woollen; whether in a skin, or in any thing made of skin; 
And if the plague b
74,ing with child cried, travailing in birth, and pained to be delivered. 
An
81,t which is planted; 
A time to kill, and a time to heal; a time to break down, an
88,lon I will visit you, and perform my good word toward you, in causing you to return to t
92,As God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah and the neighbour cities thereof, saith the LORD; so sha
98,agogue, they entered into the house of Simon and Andrew, with James and John. 
But Simon's wife's 
92,at the time appointed. 
Then shall he return into his land with great riches; and his heart 
78, sea. 
The LORD is my strength and song, and he is become my salvation: he is 
88,oh hearken unto me? 
And the LORD said unto Moses, See, I have made thee a god to Pharao
77,nd shalt be the third ruler in the kingdom. 
Then Daniel answered and said be
85,r it? 
But this people hath a revolting and a rebellious heart; they are revolted and
80,lead with me? for now, if I hold my tongue, I shall give up the ghost. 
Only do 
108,und about the throne, and about the elders and the four beasts, and fell before the throne on their faces, a
94,another buildeth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildeth thereupon. 
For other fo
74,sts. 
Moreover the LORD saith, Because the daughters of Zion are haughty, 
85, borne it upon him. 
He putteth his mouth in the dust; if so be there may be hope. 
H
95,t Jeremiah unto Gedaliah the son of Ahikam to Mizpah; and dwelt with him among the people that 
72,ay, and makest thine high place in every street; and hast not been as an
87,e feared in the assembly of the saints, and to be had in reverence of all them that are
86,uld a man full of talk be justified? 
Should thy lies make men hold their peace? and w
106,r in and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first. Even so shall it be also unt
74,d upon them. 
Yea, he magnified himself even to the prince of the host, an
81,en he looked behind him, he saw me, and called unto me. And I answered, Here am I
90,him. 
And it came to pass, that after three days Paul called the chief of the Jews togethe
100,ity of their mind, 
Having the understanding darkened, being alienated from the life of God through 
82,thsheba, the daughter of Eliam, the wife of Uriah the Hittite? 
And David sent mes
107,postle, separated unto the gospel of God, 
(Which he had promised afore by his prophets in the holy scriptu
89,er things which have been kept secret from the foundation of the world. 
Then Jesus sent 
77,to be admired in all them that believe (because our testimony among you was b
84, the abomination of Moab, in the hill that is before Jerusalem, and for Molech, the 
97,areth king Solomon: for, lo, he hath caught hold on the horns of the altar, saying, Let king Solo
81,ady to perish in the land of Assyria, and the outcasts in the land of Egypt, and 
105,se, Bring these men home, and slay, and make ready; for these men shall dine with me at noon. 
And the ma
93,hange my voice; for I stand in doubt of you. 
Tell me, ye that desire to be under the law, do
75,rejoicing city that dwelt carelessly, that said in her heart, I am, and the
97, are utterly consumed with terrors. 
As a dream when one awaketh; so, O Lord, when thou awakest, 
104,t were in the king's gate, bowed, and reverenced Haman: for the king had so commanded concerning him. Bu
98,im: then I will send, and fetch thee from thence: why should I be deprived also of you both in one
86,nt forth, and said unto her mother, What shall I ask? And she said, The head of John t
80,him, We also go with thee. They went forth, and entered into a ship immediately;
103,b the son of Zeruiah, 
Ira the Ithrite, Gareb the Ithrite, 
Uriah the Hittite, Zabad the son of Ahlai, 
98,our God. 
I will also save you from all your uncleannesses: and I will call for the corn, and will
102,cia. 
And a mighty king shall stand up, that shall rule with great dominion, and do according to his w
92,nd words, which thou hast heard of me, in faith and love which is in Christ Jesus. 
That goo
80,nd ye shall be gathered one by one, O ye children of Israel. 
And it shall come 
107,f men: 
So shall he sprinkle many nations; the kings shall shut their mouths at him: for that which had not
85,l flesh shall see that I the LORD have kindled it: it shall not be quenched. 
Then sa
94,d thou art one of them that trouble me: for I have opened my mouth unto the LORD, and I cannot
82,heaps, and a den of dragons; and I will make the cities of Judah desolate, without
108,re by night, from before the people. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Isr
107,Israel, after the numbering wherewith David his father had numbered them; and they were found an hundred an
79, feareth God, and of good report among all the nation of the Jews, was warned f
102,in, and crieth out in her pangs; so have we been in thy sight, O LORD. 
We have been with child, we ha
106, followed Tibni the son of Ginath, to make him king; and half followed Omri. 
But the people that followed
91, number that escape the sword shall return out of the land of Egypt into the land of Judah,
101,irth, saying, Sing us one of the songs of Zion. 
How shall we sing the LORD's song in a strange land?
89,ven weeks shalt thou number unto thee: begin to number the seven weeks from such time as 
107,. 
And the house of Israel called the name thereof Manna: and it was like coriander seed, white; and the ta
96,k and my salvation; he is my defence; I shall not be greatly moved. 
How long will ye imagine mi
95,lory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen. 
The Revelation of Jesus Christ,
79, thou in health, my brother? And Joab took Amasa by the beard with the right ha
94, away. 
And the LORD said unto him, Go, return on thy way to the wilderness of Damascus: and w
95,lie not. 
In Damascus the governor under Aretas the king kept the city of the damascenes with a
95,aithful. 
My zeal hath consumed me, because mine enemies have forgotten thy words. 
Thy word is
79, shall cast down to the earth with the hand. 
The crown of pride, the drunkards
97,Festus; but speak forth the words of truth and soberness. 
For the king knoweth of these things, 
97,'s at his coming. 
Then cometh the end, when he shall have delivered up the kingdom to God, even 
85,Lord shave with a razor that is hired, namely, by them beyond the river, by the king 
79,song: sing unto the LORD, all the earth. 
Sing unto the LORD, bless his name; s
76,stretched forth his hand from between the cherubims unto the fire that was b
81,er out of the heat, and fastened on his hand. 
And when the barbarians saw the ve
89, thou takest under the sun. 
Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might; for
101, thou mayest fear this glorious and fearful name, THE LORD THY GOD; 
Then the LORD will make thy plag
72,the fountain of her blood was dried up; and she felt in her body that sh
100,oeth up to Timnath to shear his sheep. 
And she put her widow's garments off from her, and covered h
92, known in the gates, when he sitteth among the elders of the land. 
She maketh fine linen, a
74,Balaam, to commit trespass against the LORD in the matter of Peor, and the
84, ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time o
77, that cometh in the name of the Lord. 
And Jesus, when he had found a young a
93,o Egypt, Jacob, and all his seed with him: 
His sons, and his sons' sons with him, his daught
108,aban rose up, and kissed his sons and his daughters, and blessed them: and Laban departed, and returned unto
104,ut thine hand from thy poor brother: 
But thou shalt open thine hand wide unto him, and shalt surely len
93, lust of the flesh. 
For the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the fle
93,am not I better to thee than ten sons? 
So Hannah rose up after they had eaten in Shiloh, and
84,h was clothed in purple and fine linen, and fared sumptuously every day: 
And there 
83, hath redeemed Jacob, and glorified himself in Israel. 
Thus saith the LORD, thy re
72,l the seed; not to that only which is of the law, but to that also which
98,revailed against thee: thy feet are sunk in the mire, and they are turned away back. 
So they shal
94,use he feareth not before God. 
There is a vanity which is done upon the earth; that there be 
74,ers is dumb, so he openeth not his mouth. 
He was taken from prison and fr
79, that the nation and kingdom which will not serve the same Nebuchadnezzar the k
99,ing is cut off from the house of the LORD; the priests, the LORD's ministers, mourn. 
The field is 
77,u shalt endamage the revenue of the kings. 
Now because we have maintenance f
84,in them, how should we then live? 
Say unto them, As I live, saith the Lord GOD, I h
103,halt bless with the spirit, how shall he that occupieth the room of the unlearned say Amen at thy givin
73,ldest mark iniquities, O Lord, who shall stand? 
But there is forgiveness
108,h days reasoned with them out of the scriptures, 
Opening and alleging, that Christ must needs have suffered
105,ng after him? 
Then king David answered and said, Call me Bathsheba. And she came into the king's presenc
107, towns, and in all the cities that be along by the coasts of Arnon, three hundred years? why therefore did 
92,choh and Azekah, in Ephesdammim. 
And Saul and the men of Israel were gathered together, and
108,me from thee. 
Howbeit he would not hearken unto her voice: but, being stronger than she, forced her, and la
81,he son of Jehoiakim king of Judah from Jerusalem to Babylon, and all the nobles o
72,t and just weight, a perfect and just measure shalt thou have: that thy 
93,ought unto thy neighbour, or buyest ought of thy neighbour's hand, ye shall not oppress one a
91,l upon the earth; 
Even these of them ye may eat; the locust after his kind, and the bald l
86,he time came that the saints possessed the kingdom. 
Thus he said, The fourth beast sh
95,evised evil against it; come, and let us cut it off from being a nation. Also thou shalt be cut
100,wo months at home: and Adoniram was over the levy. 
And Solomon had threescore and ten thousand that
72,egard the God of his fathers, nor the desire of women, nor regard any go
104,th the LORD. 
Come to Bethel, and transgress; at Gilgal multiply transgression; and bring your sacrifice
101, mothers; the younger as sisters, with all purity. 
Honour widows that are widows indeed. 
But if any
75, 
And the waters returned from off the earth continually: and after the end
94,sts; Consider your ways. 
Go up to the mountain, and bring wood, and build the house; and I wi
92,is shall not be the same: exalt him that is low, and abase him that is high. 
I will overtur
104,Israel, bewail the burning which the LORD hath kindled. 
And ye shall not go out from the door of the ta
80,d in those days Peter stood up in the midst of the disciples, and said, (the num
84,t his way, as soon as he had left communing with Abraham: and Abraham returned unto 
80, were the sons of Joktan. 
And their dwelling was from Mesha, as thou goest unto
82,ctation shall be ashamed; and the king shall perish from Gaza, and Ashkelon shall 
86,n Jobab was dead, Husham of the land of the Temanites reigned in his stead. 
And when 
81,hy presence? for the money faileth. 
And Joseph said, Give your cattle; and I wil
83,es, and when they saw that there was much money, the king's scribe and the high pri
98,eth me is the Lord. 
Therefore judge nothing before the time, until the Lord come, who both will b
89,: for I have delivered him into thy hand, and all his people, and his land; and thou shal
107, doings, whether his work be pure, and whether it be right. 
The hearing ear, and the seeing eye, the LORD 
107,em again from the people, and gathered them out of their enemies' lands, and am sanctified in them in the s
73,is hinges, so doth the slothful upon his bed. 
The slothful hideth his ha
99,. 
Nevertheless for David's sake did the LORD his God give him a lamp in Jerusalem, to set up his s
74,y might, and thou shalt save Israel from the hand of the Midianites: have 
94,ther: and the other five curtains he coupled one unto another. 
And he made loops of blue on t
79, be in danger of the judgment: and whosoever shall say to his brother, Raca, sh
79,e corn is withered. 
How do the beasts groan! the herds of cattle are perplexed
77,the Father knoweth me, even so know I the Father: and I lay down my life for 
83,house of Ahab. 
And it came to pass, that, when Jehu was executing judgment upon th
73,e congregation to minister in the holy place. 
And thou shalt take the ra
72, even to David: 
Because thou obeyedst not the voice of the LORD, nor ex
81,nd no water; they returned with their vessels empty; they were ashamed and confou
94,seh's, and the sea is his border; and they met together in Asher on the north, and in Issachar
78,d, and of precious things, with fenced cities in Judah: but the kingdom gave h
89,and the forest of his Carmel. 
I have digged, and drunk water; and with the sole of my fe
80,d, How shall we do for wives for them that remain, seeing the women are destroye
74,from the cross. 
Likewise also the chief priests mocking said among themse
105,ll die. 
And if thou say in thine heart, How shall we know the word which the LORD hath not spoken? 
When
105,ut to death. And he went down from Judaea to Caesarea, and there abode. 
And Herod was highly displeased 
106,dedicated without blood. 
For when Moses had spoken every precept to all the people according to the law, 
97,rifice made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD; thirteen young bullocks, two rams, and four
100,hall feign herself to be another woman. 
And it was so, when Ahijah heard the sound of her feet, as 
89, the chapiters which were upon the top of the pillars; 
And four hundred pomegranates for
76, gladness, a feast and a good day. And many of the people of the land became
98,milies, the cities, and their villages. 
And Moses gave inheritance unto the half tribe of Manasse
81,And the LORD said unto Samuel, Hearken unto the voice of the people in all that t
88,now thyself with him, and be at peace: thereby good shall come unto thee. 
Receive, I pr
102,ou didst not lay these things to thy heart, neither didst remember the latter end of it. 
Therefore he
82,ight hand, and the other on thy left hand, in thy glory. 
But Jesus said unto them
106, us, and fall upon us, and take us for bondmen, and our asses. 
And they came near to the steward of Josep
105, 
Moreover the prince shall not take of the people's inheritance by oppression, to thrust them out of the
94,th at fear, and is not affrighted; neither turneth he back from the sword. 
The quiver rattlet
86,house of Obededom the Gittite. 
And the ark of the LORD continued in the house of Obed
93, of the righteous. 
Also thou shalt not oppress a stranger: for ye know the heart of a strang
81,eople under me. 
He delivereth me from mine enemies: yea, thou liftest me up abov
95,he spirit of burning. 
And the LORD will create upon every dwelling place of mount Zion, and up
88, man be able to stand before thee, until thou have destroyed them. 
The graven images of
95, but one. 
For though there be that are called gods, whether in heaven or in earth, (as there b
75,unleavened tempered with oil, and wafers unleavened anointed with oil: of w
75,am against thee, O inhabitant of the valley, and rock of the plain, saith t
82,of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD. 
And he shall put his hand 
83,though they say, The LORD liveth; surely they swear falsely. 
O LORD, are not thine
96,of the month, and his meat offering, and the daily burnt offering, and his meat offering, and th
93,ey of Lebanon under mount Hermon: and all their kings he took, and smote them, and slew them.
105,that dwell in dust: for thy dew is as the dew of herbs, and the earth shall cast out the dead. 
Come, my 
76,e day also will I punish all those that leap on the threshold, which fill th
73,he day that the foundation of the house of the LORD of hosts was laid, th
92,ee. 
The LORD shall open unto thee his good treasure, the heaven to give the rain unto thy l
72,was heavy upon them of Ashdod, and he destroyed them, and smote them wit
92,ieth in the south of Arad; and they went and dwelt among the people. 
And Judah went with Si
103,ealed. 
And it shall come to pass, that every thing that liveth, which moveth, whithersoever the rivers
93, the LORD to Israel by Malachi. 
I have loved you, saith the LORD. Yet ye say, Wherein hast t
85,it, and went out. 
And there appeared in the cherubims the form of a man's hand under
94, him in the temple; and he healed them. 
And when the chief priests and scribes saw the wonder
84, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. 
For 
73,ie upon me; only lodge not in the street. 
So he brought him into his hou
87,ss, his staves, and all his vessels, the laver and his foot, 
The hangings of the court
78,enice and Samaria, declaring the conversion of the Gentiles: and they caused g
81,e upon it; let it not be joined unto the days of the year, let it not come into t
88,d Beeroth, and Kirjathjearim. 
And the children of Israel smote them not, because the pr
74,tched in Libnah. 
And they removed from Libnah, and pitched at Rissah. 
An
84,e sweet incense, 
And onyx stones, and stones to be set for the ephod, and for the b
74,d lifted up thine eyes on high? even against the Holy One of Israel. 
By t
106, righteousness: and he was called the Friend of God. 
Ye see then how that by works a man is justified, an
102,f Joel, the son of Shemuel, 
The son of Elkanah, the son of Jeroham, the son of Eliel, the son of Toah
98,. 
Blessed is the man that endureth temptation: for when he is tried, he shall receive the crown o
73,n doth David in spirit call him Lord, saying, 
The LORD said unto my Lord
85,e thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me that is to be ruler
83,nt forth to Enshemesh, and went forth toward Geliloth, which is over against the go
80,t Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD. 
And Abel, 
73, sacrifices every morning, and your tithes after three years: 
And offer 
74,a great fever; and they besought him for her. 
And he stood over her, and 
108,. 
How many are the days of thy servant? when wilt thou execute judgment on them that persecute me? 
The pro
85,ns together with the taches: and it shall be one tabernacle. 
And thou shalt make cur
101,p with me made the heart of the people melt: but I wholly followed the LORD my God. 
And Moses sware 
100,d heard these things, he was troubled, and all Jerusalem with him. 
And when he had gathered all the
77,hear ye the counsel of the LORD, that he hath taken against Babylon; and his 
106, length shall be over against one of the portions, from the west border unto the east border. 
In the land
101,he mighty, and casteth down the strength of the confidence thereof. 
Whoso keepeth his mouth and his 
74,schief and vanity. 
He sitteth in the lurking places of the villages: in t
99,upon thy feet, and cover not thy lips, and eat not the bread of men. 
So I spake unto the people in
97,e up to the sword. 
Thou shalt sow, but thou shalt not reap; thou shalt tread the olives, but tho
88,ourselves: for charity shall cover the multitude of sins. 
Use hospitality one to anothe
78, he made a porch of pillars; the length thereof was fifty cubits, and the brea
87,ing's garden, and unto the stairs that go down from the city of David. 
After him repai
101, drink the blood of goats? 
Offer unto God thanksgiving; and pay thy vows unto the most High: 
And ca
74,nd Abelmaim, and all the store cities of Naphtali. 
And it came to pass, w
99,sus stretched out his hand, and drew his sword, and struck a servant of the high priest's, and smot
90,name. 
Then I proclaimed a fast there, at the river of Ahava, that we might afflict oursel
75,he month, the famine was sore in the city, so that there was no bread for t
97,ction, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, 
Tra
76,n their hands in the work of the house of God, the God of Israel. 
Now after
85,f Israel may go no more astray from me, neither be polluted any more with all their t
102,, and shall empty his vessels, and break their bottles. 
And Moab shall be ashamed of Chemosh, as the 
98,is commandment which I command thee this day, it is not hidden from thee, neither is it far off. 

78,acle of David, which is fallen down; and I will build again the ruins thereof,
73,t the light shall not be clear, nor dark: 
But it shall be one day which 
81,e a Star out of Jacob, and a Sceptre shall rise out of Israel, and shall smite th
98,dred and fifty. 
Of the children of Judah, by their generations, after their families, by the hous
95, and the word of the LORD from Jerusalem. 
And he shall judge among many people, and rebuke str
80,and. 
And it shall come to pass, if they will diligently learn the ways of my pe
87, his horn shall be exalted with honour. 
The wicked shall see it, and be grieved; he sh
74, forbid not to speak with tongues. 
Let all things be done decently and in
100,ay directly before the wall toward the east, as one entereth into them. 
Then said he unto me, The n
73,! the treacherous dealers have dealt treacherously; yea, the treacherous 
102,en: and come and follow me. 
But when the young man heard that saying, he went away sorrowful: for he 
76,ll my commandments always, that it might be well with them, and with their c
84,led unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit; 
That the Gentiles should be 
101,e shall destroy many: he shall also stand up against the Prince of princes; but he shall be broken wi
73, and said, 
Should not the multitude of words be answered? and should a m
102, LORD's name is to be praised. 
The LORD is high above all nations, and his glory above the heavens. 

107, not pass over it? 
But this people hath a revolting and a rebellious heart; they are revolted and gone. 
N
89, father be established: for thou hast made me king over a people like the dust of the ear
98,nd five. 
The children of Zaccai, seven hundred and threescore. 
The children of Bani, six hundred
73,Jeremiah the prophet spake all these words unto Zedekiah king of Judah in
98,God; and the hypocrite's hope shall perish: 
Whose hope shall be cut off, and whose trust shall be
92,ch abomination is wrought among you; 
Thou shalt surely smite the inhabitants of that city w
107, purpose against you. 
Arise, get you up unto the wealthy nation, that dwelleth without care, saith the LOR
96,s' journey into the wilderness, and sacrifice to the LORD our God, as he shall command us. 
And 
93,discomfited them; and they were smitten before Israel. 
And the men of Israel went out of Miz
86,LORD, that delighteth greatly in his commandments. 
His seed shall be mighty upon eart
101,ved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purp
77,ck up, even this whole land. 
And seekest thou great things for thyself? seek
86,ions corrupt good manners. 
Awake to righteousness, and sin not; for some have not the
74,on a new cart, and brought it out of the house of Abinadab that was in Gib
81,d badgers' skins, brought them. 
Every one that did offer an offering of silver a
73,ighteous: 
The LORD preserveth the strangers; he relieveth the fatherless
91,ccording to the flesh, he would raise up Christ to sit on his throne; 
He seeing this befor
80, turned thitherward, and came to the house of the young man the Levite, even unt
90,ey had then a notable prisoner, called Barabbas. 
Therefore when they were gathered togeth
86,t we should serve him? is not this the people that thou hast despised? go out, I pray 
83,The wicked is driven away in his wickedness: but the righteous hath hope in his dea
99,ed another angel, saying, Babylon is fallen, is fallen, that great city, because she made all natio
86,e. 
They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy. 
But I will sacrifice un
101,n had, and cities for his chariots, and cities for his horsemen, and that which Solomon desired to bu
90,hough thou hast sore broken us in the place of dragons, and covered us with the shadow of 
78, olive. 
For the congregation of hypocrites shall be desolate, and fire shall 
75,ccourer of many, and of myself also. 
Greet Priscilla and Aquila my helpers
95,, and their sons, and their little children. 
And Moses said, Hereby ye shall know that the LOR
74,And Jesus said unto her, Neither do I condemn thee: go, and sin no more. 

83,river, and set his face toward the mount Gilead. 
And it was told Laban on the thir
86,is teeth; mine enemy sharpeneth his eyes upon me. 
They have gaped upon me with their 
84,te to destroy the Jews which are in all the king's provinces: 
For how can I endure 
96,ing, 
Art thou the Christ? tell us. And he said unto them, If I tell you, ye will not believe: 

92,nd the rest that are on this side the river, and at such a time. 
This is the copy of the le
79,ns. 
Quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, out of weakn
100, make up the hedge, and stand in the gap before me for the land, that I should not destroy it: but I
98,ey laid their hands on them. 
And the word of God increased; and the number of the disciples multi
78,, Aha, aha. 
Let all those that seek thee rejoice and be glad in thee: let suc
97,place of refuge. 
The fear of the LORD is a fountain of life, to depart from the snares of death.
103, night, because the sun was set; and he took of the stones of that place, and put them for his pillows,
92,now that thou wilt not hold me innocent. 
If I be wicked, why then labour I in vain? 
If I w
97,and, and a thousand out of ten thousand, to fetch victual for the people, that they may do, when 
85,stimonies, and thy statutes, and to do all these things, and to build the palace, for
106,eyes, and saw the place afar off. 
And Abraham said unto his young men, Abide ye here with the ass; and I 
86,ad brought out of Egypt, their father said unto them, Go again, buy us a little food. 
92, is in thee, even as thou walkest in the truth. 
I have no greater joy than to hear that my 
86,o the remnant of you, that are escaped out of the hand of the kings of Assyria. 
And b
97,nded thee. 
Now therefore divide this land for an inheritance unto the nine tribes, and the half 
102,inually in my hand: yet do I not forget thy law. 
The wicked have laid a snare for me: yet I erred not
72,, thou brakest, and madest all their loins to be at a stand. 
Therefore 
108,whoredoms shall be discovered, both thy lewdness and thy whoredoms. 
I will do these things unto thee, becau
83, she said to the king, It was a true report which I heard in mine own land of thine
74,t down with him upon the ground seven days and seven nights, and none spak
93,s none that declareth, yea, there is none that heareth your words. 
The first shall say to Zi
82,me upon them by the way, and how the LORD delivered them. 
And Jethro rejoiced for
99,ad David the man of God commanded. 
And they departed not from the commandment of the king unto the
89,he swelling thereof. Selah. 
There is a river, the streams whereof shall make glad the ci
82, I shoot. And as the lad ran, he shot an arrow beyond him. 
And when the lad was c
98,use your names are written in heaven. 
In that hour Jesus rejoiced in spirit, and said, I thank th
88,are before them: and that which should have been for their welfare, let it become a trap
80,e upon the children of Israel. 
And I, behold, I have taken your brethren the Le
82,the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and of the half tribe of Manasseh, with all manne
81,ons, and all they of Edom became David's servants. And the LORD preserved David w
75, God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle after their kin
72,D, Behold, a people cometh from the north country, and a great nation sh
104,tand upon your sword, ye work abomination, and ye defile every one his neighbour's wife: and shall ye po
97,raitened. 
Also by watering he wearieth the thick cloud: he scattereth his bright cloud: 
And it 
90,r the things which be Caesar's, and unto God the things which be God's. 
And they could no
105,ne years old when he began to reign, and he reigned seventeen years in Jerusalem, the city which the LORD
83,istine in his hand. 
And Saul said to him, Whose son art thou, thou young man? And 
105,holy city were two hundred fourscore and four. 
Moreover the porters, Akkub, Talmon, and their brethren t
101, of war in peace, and put the blood of war upon his girdle that was about his loins, and in his shoes
104,ish: he shall offer it of his own voluntary will at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation befor
108,him, as he smote those that smote him? or is he slain according to the slaughter of them that are slain by h
74,udge between the fat cattle and between the lean cattle. 
Because ye have 
76,! for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outw
102, our mortal flesh. 
So then death worketh in us, but life in you. 
We having the same spirit of faith,
84,ght us forth out of Egypt with a mighty hand, and with an outstretched arm, and with
100,efore it be meddled with. 
He that justifieth the wicked, and he that condemneth the just, even they
92,he also is a son of Abraham. 
For the Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was 
83,d no fault in him since he fell unto me unto this day? 
And the princes of the Phil
77,y God: for our iniquities are increased over our head, and our trespass is gr
103,ed, the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all 
77,that hath no wisdom? and how hast thou plentifully declared the thing as it i
76,a portion for foxes. 
But the king shall rejoice in God; every one that swea
83,, which is the word of God: 
Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the
105,d may bless thee in all the work of thine hands. 
When thou beatest thine olive tree, thou shalt not go o
101,em, a land flowing with milk and honey; 
And they came in, and possessed it; but they obeyed not thy 
108, Aaron laid it up before the Testimony, to be kept. 
And the children of Israel did eat manna forty years, u
79,nually: and after the end of the hundred and fifty days the waters were abated.
72, fled, and went forth out of the city by night by the way of the gate be
77,nd thank offerings, and commanded Judah to serve the LORD God of Israel. 
Nev
75, upon tables, that he may run that readeth it. 
For the vision is yet for a
84, And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim. 
And the sons of Mi
82,fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy ground, and the fruit of thy cattle, the i
87,se things shall be performed, because thou believest not my words, which shall be fulfi
76, stone, Thou hast brought me forth: for they have turned their back unto me,
86, and Isaac sojourned. 
And the days of Isaac were an hundred and fourscore years. 
And
72,ore Israel, they made peace with Israel, and served them. So the Syrians
97,d that is holy shall be sanctified in righteousness. 
Then shall the lambs feed after their manne
86,e people might lightly have lien with thy wife, and thou shouldest have brought guilti
92,h a lying tongue. 
They compassed me about also with words of hatred; and fought against me 
105,but we seek one to come. 
By him therefore let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually, that 
89,voice: how will he then vex himself, if we tell him that the child is dead? 
But when Dav
83,nts, and according to the commandment of the LORD they journeyed. 
And so it was, w
83,t; and the face thereof is toward the north. 
Then the LORD said unto me, Out of th
85,D my God, thou art very great; thou art clothed with honour and majesty. 
Who coveres
78, LORD, thy Redeemer, the Holy One of Israel; I am the LORD thy God which teach
84,ign of the kingdom of Persia: 
To fulfil the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremi
76,even days in Tirzah. And the people were encamped against Gibbethon, which b
78,he Philistine, that the women came out of all cities of Israel, singing and da
73, the Gentiles in Antioch and Syria and Cilicia. 
Forasmuch as we have hea
106,the field; the one shall be taken, and the other left. 
Two women shall be grinding at the mill; the one s
96,righteousness and his faithfulness; for the LORD delivered thee into my hand to day, but I would
85,And the border compassed from Baalah westward unto mount Seir, and passed along unto 
89,tered; and I will be sanctified in you before the heathen. 
And ye shall know that I am t
77,ys, which are as a shadow; because he feareth not before God. 
There is a van
87, the last day. 
And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth th
77,essenger falleth into mischief: but a faithful ambassador is health. 
Poverty
83, ninety. 
And of the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Hodav
107,be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me. 
This he said, signifying what death he should die.
78, a coffer by the side thereof; and send it away, that it may go. 
And see, if 
90, Gershom; Joel the chief and his brethren an hundred and thirty: 
Of the sons of Elizaphan
94,rk of this wall, neither bought we any land: and all my servants were gathered thither unto th
95,im, If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed; 
And ye shall know the truth, a
103,the sun was up, they were scorched; and because they had no root, they withered away. 
And some fell am
74,taff, and plucked the spear out of the Egyptian's hand, and slew him with 
91,ve. 
The children of Pahathmoab, of the children of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand eight hun
76,ehoiada his father had done to him, but slew his son. And when he died, he s
84, he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name. 
Here is
84,licted of many. 
So that contrariwise ye ought rather to forgive him, and comfort hi
79,er bosom, and became nurse unto it. 
And the women her neighbours gave it a nam
79,he said to me, Go not empty unto thy mother in law. 
Then said she, Sit still, 
106,this their trespass. 
Yet he sent prophets to them, to bring them again unto the LORD; and they testified 
105,tes, and the Canaanites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites: and I will cut them off. 
Thou shalt not bow dow
93,Jesus by night, and said unto him, Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come from God: for 
82,re that creepeth upon the earth: 
To make a difference between the unclean and the
87,ain or pit, wherein there is plenty of water, shall be clean: but that which toucheth t
105,reat mourning, Rachel weeping for her children, and would not be comforted, because they are not. 
But wh
108,nd it came to pass, that when Jehudi had read three or four leaves, he cut it with the penknife, and cast it
91, the hem of the robe to minister in; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And they made coats of f
78,ese are the names of his daughters; Mahlah, Noah, and Hoglah, and Milcah, and 
91,ths: 
And when he was cast out, Pharaoh's daughter took him up, and nourished him for her o
86,e not of the circumcision only, but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our fa
81, sacrifice unto the LORD of hosts in Shiloh. And the two sons of Eli, Hophni and 
75,t, and the earth shall yield her increase, and they shall be safe in their 
105,ripes ye were healed. 
For ye were as sheep going astray; but are now returned unto the Shepherd and Bish
90,u preventest him with the blessings of goodness: thou settest a crown of pure gold on his 
98, so? 
Jesus answered him, If I have spoken evil, bear witness of the evil: but if well, why smites
95,t a little from the land. And he sat down, and taught the people out of the ship. 
Now when he 
96,ouse of our God. 
And by the good hand of our God upon us they brought us a man of understanding
82,. 
And it came to pass as they came, when David was returned from the slaughter of
101, name of the LORD, him and his sons for ever. 
And if a Levite come from any of thy gates out of all 
75,el, that he might bring the kingdom again to Rehoboam. 
But the word of the
90,west side, a portion for Ephraim. 
And by the border of Ephraim, from the east side even u
88, your miseries that shall come upon you. 
Your riches are corrupted, and your garments a
84,amed: and, behold, he opened not the doors of the parlour; therefore they took a key
88,on, what is among them. 
Hear, O earth: behold, I will bring evil upon this people, even
97,nded, saying, Aaron and his sons shall eat it. 
And that which remaineth of the flesh and of the 
83,e. 
I have set watchmen upon thy walls, O Jerusalem, which shall never hold their p
107,toward Geliloth, which is over against the going up of Adummim, and descended to the stone of Bohan the son
85,h the LORD. 
Your fathers, where are they? and the prophets, do they live for ever? 

90, herds, and for the asses: and he fed them with bread for all their cattle for that year. 
78,har, and also Barak: he was sent on foot into the valley. For the divisions of
81,d himself, supposing that the prisoners had been fled. 
But Paul cried with a lou
94,ORD establish his word. So the woman abode, and gave her son suck until she weaned him. 
And w
87,shall assemble a multitude of great forces: and one shall certainly come, and overflow,
81,rish quickly from off the good land which he hath given unto you. 
And Joshua gat
108,hy God add unto the people, how many soever they be, an hundredfold, and that the eyes of my lord the king m
76,ainst it, and set battering rams against it round about. 
Moreover take thou
103,ave it unto Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, the Jews' enemy. 
And the king said unto Haman, Th
106,, and to the valley of Jiphthahel toward the north side of Bethemek, and Neiel, and goeth out to Cabul on 
78,hey shall lament for the teats, for the pleasant fields, for the fruitful vine
102, the LORD do all these things. 
Drop down, ye heavens, from above, and let the skies pour down righteo
93,onement for the soul that sinneth ignorantly, when he sinneth by ignorance before the LORD, t
94, the trees said to the fig tree, Come thou, and reign over us. 
But the fig tree said unto the
106,aith he to the disciple, Behold thy mother! And from that hour that disciple took her unto his own home. 

79,at hand. 
I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept th
101,use shall become a desolation. 
For thus saith the LORD unto the king's house of Judah; Thou art Gile
87, the nail into his temples, and fastened it into the ground: for he was fast asleep and
77,s burnt with fire, and his bands loosed from off his hands. 
And he found a n
101, but Tappuah on the border of Manasseh belonged to the children of Ephraim; 
And the coast descended 
83, the king, that is, twelve years, I and my brethren have not eaten the bread of the
108,gs upon the four corners that were in the four feet thereof. 
Over against the border were the rings, the pl
79,ill not come to the feast? 
Now both the chief priests and the Pharisees had gi
94,ea, the fir trees rejoice at thee, and the cedars of Lebanon, saying, Since thou art laid down
96,the people; cast up, cast up the highway; gather out the stones; lift up a standard for the peop
94,ing men for every manner of work. 
Of the gold, the silver, and the brass, and the iron, there
97,er called to mind the word that Jesus said unto him, Before the cock crow twice, thou shalt deny 
89,nto me? 
Behold, I will bring a fear upon thee, saith the Lord GOD of hosts, from all tho
107,el; and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death. 
All that were numbered of the Levites, which 
79,ifice by reason of transgression, and it cast down the truth to the ground; and
73, became a captain over them: and there were with him about four hundred m
90,the word of the LORD came unto the prophet Gad, David's seer, saying, 
Go and say unto Dav
77,ah, and came to a great well that is in Sechu: and he asked and said, Where a
98,d cast him out of the vineyard. 
What shall therefore the lord of the vineyard do? he will come an
84,people at my request: 
For we are sold, I and my people, to be destroyed, to be slai
74,dred cubits. 
And from under these chambers was the entry on the east side
84,y; and my brother, he hath commanded me to be there: and now, if I have found favour
77,the water thereof was dried up, that the way of the kings of the east might b
92,ezreelite, and said unto him, Give me thy vineyard for money; or else, if it please thee, I 
108,e in Judaea flee to the mountains; and let them which are in the midst of it depart out; and let not them th
96,re; so are the sons of men snared in an evil time, when it falleth suddenly upon them. 
This wis
102,formed it, Why hast thou made me thus? 
Hath not the potter power over the clay, of the same lump to m
103,eased! the golden city ceased! 
The LORD hath broken the staff of the wicked, and the sceptre of the ru
72,on the king Nebuchadnezzar. 
At the end of twelve months he walked in th
86, he sent him to Herod, who himself also was at Jerusalem at that time. 
And when Herod
90,thee two tables of stone like unto the first: and I will write upon these tables the words
86,them that do examine me is this, 
Have we not power to eat and to drink? 
Have we not 
74,ported to the king according to these words. Come now therefore, and let u
98,e sons of Keturah. 
And Abraham begat Isaac. The sons of Isaac; Esau and Israel. 
The sons of Esau
94,l be without knowledge, it is not good; and he that hasteth with his feet sinneth. 
The foolis
74,nd they shall follow them: and I will get me honour upon Pharaoh, and upon
89,s, both we and our land? buy us and our land for bread, and we and our land will be serva
77,dy hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me. 
And when t
100,s armourbearer would not; for he was sore afraid. Therefore Saul took a sword, and fell upon it. 
An
100,hey asked him, saying, 
Master, Moses wrote unto us, If a man's brother die, and leave his wife behi
98, I esteem all thy precepts concerning all things to be right; and I hate every false way. 
Thy tes
77,ened to my voice; 
Surely they shall not see the land which I sware unto thei
78,, from the east side unto the west side, Simeon shall have a portion. 
And by 
102,oam, and all Israel; 
Ought ye not to know that the LORD God of Israel gave the kingdom over Israel to
79,ucify; and some of them shall ye scourge in your synagogues, and persecute them
78,Mizpeh, and pursued the Philistines, and smote them, until they came under Bet
88,the whole earth. 
Then I turned, and lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and behold a flyin
89,; and hast increased thy whoredoms, to provoke me to anger. 
Behold, therefore I have str
104,here thou hast not strawed: 
And I was afraid, and went and hid thy talent in the earth: lo, there thou 
90, proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying, 
Thus saith 
94,g in her? Why have they provoked me to anger with their graven images, and with strange vaniti
93,shall flee, like as ye fled from before the earthquake in the days of Uzziah king of Judah: a
78, of them entered into fenced cities. 
And all the people returned to the camp 
76, upon his name; they called upon the LORD, and he answered them. 
He spake u
79,. 
And they warred against the Midianites, as the LORD commanded Moses; and the
75,o the Jews from another place; but thou and thy father's house shall be des
98,abominations and of their detestable things therein: therefore have I set it far from them. 
And I
103, pleasure, left Paul bound. 
Now when Festus was come into the province, after three days he ascended f
95,ow, if I have found favour in thine eyes, let me get away, I pray thee, and see my brethren. Th
82,say they in their heart, Let us now fear the LORD our God, that giveth rain, both 
97, tabernacle of the LORD; and, behold, he is by the altar. Then Solomon sent Benaiah the son of Je
83,n a steep place. 
For the transgression of Jacob is all this, and for the sins of t
102, him as waters, a tempest stealeth him away in the night. 
The east wind carrieth him away, and he dep
102,nd said, O LORD God of Israel, why is this come to pass in Israel, that there should be to day one tri
100,own house. 
And Gideon had threescore and ten sons of his body begotten: for he had many wives. 
And
94,porters; and four thousand praised the LORD with the instruments which I made, said David, to 
97,n me daily, the care of all the churches. 
Who is weak, and I am not weak? who is offended, and I
103,e sent him to the king; but he would not come to him: and when he sent again the second time, he would 
75, an offering made by fire unto the LORD. 
And ye shall do no work in that s
101,open sight of others; 
Because they turned back from him, and would not consider any of his ways: 
So
81,soul. 
All the kings of the earth shall praise thee, O LORD, when they hear the w
72, behold, I will shake mine hand upon them, and they shall be a spoil to 
105, not sit with the wicked. 
I will wash mine hands in innocency: so will I compass thine altar, O LORD: 
T
74,ore the LORD; and they anointed David king over Israel, according to the w
105,l he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel; whose goings forth have been from of old, from eve
99,: yet surely I will make thee a wilderness, and cities which are not inhabited. 
And I will prepare
80,d plagues, and of evil spirits; and unto many that were blind he gave sight. 
Th
75,ll not make himself unclean for his father, or for his mother, for his brot
95,u forget not the LORD thy God, in not keeping his commandments, and his judgments, and his stat
77,olomon had made an end of praying all this prayer and supplication unto the L
95,ore God, and lifted up their voices, and wept sore; 
And said, O LORD God of Israel, why is thi
77,et the children of Israel go out of his land. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses 
76,of Chislothtabor, and then goeth out to Daberath, and goeth up to Japhia, 
A
93,y shall be afraid of that which is high, and fears shall be in the way, and the almond tree s
100, earth. 
Give ye ear, and hear my voice; hearken, and hear my speech. 
Doth the plowman plow all day
83,housand and two hundred pound of silver. 
And that which the rest of the people gav
95,Baalhazor, which is beside Ephraim: and Absalom invited all the king's sons. 
And Absalom came 
101,lesh, and this city is the caldron: but I will bring you forth out of the midst of it. 
Ye have feare
107,chosen; let them deliver you in the time of your tribulation. 
And the children of Israel said unto the LOR
89,f Baalim, wherein she burned incense to them, and she decked herself with her earrings an
94,we rest on thee, and in thy name we go against this multitude. O LORD, thou art our God; let n
81,at the trial of the innocent. 
The earth is given into the hand of the wicked: he
96,ay be clean: and after that he shall come into the camp, and shall tarry abroad out of his tent 
82,e said, Who am I, O Lord GOD? and what is my house, that thou hast brought me hith
96, the land, and shall corrupt yourselves, and make a graven image, or the likeness of any thing, 
74,ong, as thou very well knowest. 
For if I be an offender, or have committe
86,y be in the land of their enemies, I will not cast them away, neither will I abhor the
87,m fifty males. 
And of the sons of Elam; Jeshaiah the son of Athaliah, and with him sev
79,he hath made her to drink the water, then it shall come to pass, that, if she b
76,u art more glorious and excellent than the mountains of prey. 
The stouthear
99,shaiah, Hashabiah, and Mattithiah, six, under the hands of their father Jeduthun, who prophesied wi
101,oul unto death: and he was numbered with the transgressors; and he bare the sin of many, and made int
106,ods. 
Ye that love the LORD, hate evil: he preserveth the souls of his saints; he delivereth them out of t
83,rasmuch as the LORD hath taken vengeance for thee of thine enemies, even of the chi
103,, and to Jacob, saying, Unto thy seed will I give it: 
And I will send an angel before thee; and I will
91,l be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth: and the recompence of a man's hands sha
85,ffering made by fire unto the LORD. 
And ye shall do no work in that same day: for it
97,hey are like the deaf adder that stoppeth her ear; 
Which will not hearken to the voice of charme
91,r against three hundred slain by him at one time. 
And after him was Eleazar the son of Dod
75,strong, and partly broken. 
And whereas thou sawest iron mixed with miry cl
78,of Israel, saying, When your children shall ask their fathers in time to come,
82,he half tribe of Manasseh; Aner with her suburbs, and Bileam with her suburbs, for
85,of Israel stoned him with stones, that he died. But king Rehoboam made speed to get h
89,d a broidered coat, a mitre, and a girdle: and they shall make holy garments for Aaron th
75,pth, and the heart of kings is unsearchable. 
Take away the dross from the 
84,t I thought to do unto them. 
And at what instant I shall speak concerning a nation,
79,ad destroyed seven nations in the land of Chanaan, he divided their land to the
94, 
And all the elders of Israel came; and the Levites took up the ark. 
And they brought up the
91,, Lord, by this time he stinketh: for he hath been dead four days. 
Jesus saith unto her, S
86, the rich hath many friends. 
He that despiseth his neighbour sinneth: but he that hat
89,s quiet, after that they had slain Athaliah with the sword. 
Joash was seven years old wh
95, stone unto the door of the sepulchre. 
And Mary Magdalene and Mary the mother of Joses beheld 
75,And he came unto his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I; w
74,hoso is partner with a thief hateth his own soul: he heareth cursing, and 
96,d immediately there fell from his eyes as it had been scales: and he received sight forthwith, a
78,e breath of his nostrils. 
He sent from above, he took me; he drew me out of m
98,ople were distressed,) then the people did hide themselves in caves, and in thickets, and in rocks
79,n of Melchi, which was the son of Janna, which was the son of Joseph, 
Which wa
108,fering. 
So Jephthah passed over unto the children of Ammon to fight against them; and the LORD delivered th
88,then ye shall give them the land of Gilead for a possession: 
But if they will not pass 
73,whom I shall give a sop, when I have dipped it. And when he had dipped th
83,e from bloody men. 
For, lo, they lie in wait for my soul: the mighty are gathered 
83,. 
And at midnight there was a cry made, Behold, the bridegroom cometh; go ye out t
99, stranger eateth it: this is vanity, and it is an evil disease. 
If a man beget an hundred children
95, three days agone I fell sick. 
We made an invasion upon the south of the Cherethites, and upon
72,h art, and wast, and shalt be, because thou hast judged thus. 
For they 
87,Gad; Eliasaph the son of Deuel. 
Of Naphtali; Ahira the son of Enan. 
These were the re
78,press, even unto the horse bridles, by the space of a thousand and six hundred
84,rael. 
Moreover thou knowest also what Joab the son of Zeruiah did to me, and what h
90,So Baasha slept with his fathers, and was buried in Tirzah: and Elah his son reigned in hi
79,herit, into three parts, that every slayer may flee thither. 
And this is the c
95,ffering be a goat, then he shall offer it before the LORD. 
And he shall lay his hand upon the 
92, uncle's son, may redeem him, or any that is nigh of kin unto him of his family may redeem h
86, the mouse, and the tortoise after his kind, 
And the ferret, and the chameleon, and t
104,the priests; 
And go forth unto the valley of the son of Hinnom, which is by the entry of the east gate,
108,is own work, and then shall he have rejoicing in himself alone, and not in another. 
For every man shall bea
72,old, if the daughters of Shiloh come out to dance in dances, then come y
91,And they knew not that Joseph understood them; for he spake unto them by an interpreter. 
A
73,raw their swords against Egypt, and fill the land with the slain. 
And I 
107, as another. 
And this is the law of the sacrifice of peace offerings, which he shall offer unto the LORD. 
100,brass. The second pillar also and the pomegranates were like unto these. 
And there were ninety and 
108,and you, that ye love one another. 
If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you. 
If
94,ltery with another man's wife, even he that committeth adultery with his neighbour's wife, the
90,voked him to anger most bitterly: therefore shall he leave his blood upon him, and his rep
79,ake this book of the law, and put it in the side of the ark of the covenant of 
99,give your daughters unto us, and take our daughters unto you. 
And ye shall dwell with us: and the 
74, golden image: 
And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth, that he should
98,und them have devoured them: and their adversaries said, We offend not, because they have sinned a
93, to be put to death. 
And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake. 
But there shall n
91,s. 
For, behold, I create new heavens and a new earth: and the former shall not be remember
106,ither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed. 
For I
77, my people, remember now what Balak king of Moab consulted, and what Balaam t
73,t fall into the hand of man. 
So the LORD sent pestilence upon Israel: an
74,rfrost like ashes. 
He casteth forth his ice like morsels: who can stand b
98, Joseph: the second to Gedaliah, who with his brethren and sons were twelve: 
The third to Zaccur,
91,when the children of Ammon made war against Israel, the elders of Gilead went to fetch Jeph
86,ercy endureth for ever: 
With a strong hand, and with a stretched out arm: for his mer
89,I beheld the mountains, and, lo, they trembled, and all the hills moved lightly. 
I behel
89, making a noise, 
He said unto them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth. 
100,ghty instruct him? he that reproveth God, let him answer it. 
Then Job answered the LORD, and said, 
84,with the villages thereof, Gimzo also and the villages thereof: and they dwelt there
89,be of their father shall they marry. 
So shall not the inheritance of the children of Isr
82, ye shall return unto us they will be upon you. 
Therefore set I in the lower plac
102,quity of that land in one day. 
In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, shall ye call every man his neig
82,do thy will, O God. He taketh away the first, that he may establish the second. 
B
91,l the vessels thereof, and over all things that belong to it: they shall bear the tabernacl
97, ye have profaned in the midst of them; and the heathen shall know that I am the LORD, saith the 
107,it for him in the way, when he came up from Egypt. 
Now go and smite Amalek, and utterly destroy all that t
77,on till the day of his death. 
Now in the fifth month, in the tenth day of th
78, or how knowest thou, O man, whether thou shalt save thy wife? 
But as God hat
88,out thirty thousand mighty men of valour, and sent them away by night. 
And he commanded
77,ves along, and smote all the city with the edge of the sword. 
Now there was 
94,f the LORD be against you, as it was against your fathers. 
Now therefore stand and see this g
95,camp. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Take the sum of the prey that was taken, both of
107,r let the son of the stranger, that hath joined himself to the LORD, speak, saying, The LORD hath utterly s
77,is sort: 
Then wrote Rehum the chancellor, and Shimshai the scribe, and the r
98,sed. 
Even unto this present hour we both hunger, and thirst, and are naked, and are buffeted, and
90,ed Mephibosheth, the son of Jonathan the son of Saul, because of the LORD's oath that was 
101,r, and to offer withal, and spoons, and vessels of gold and silver. And they offered burnt offerings 
73,emaineth, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter,
90,power: thou shalt not have one lot only: 
But the mountain shall be thine; for it is a woo
75,s, and shall rebuke many people: and they shall beat their swords into plow
73,ought upon them the captains of the host of the king of Assyria, which to
82, Be it far from thee, Lord: this shall not be unto thee. 
But he turned, and said 
104,e son of Joanna, which was the son of Rhesa, which was the son of Zorobabel, which was the son of Salath
102,now thy going out and thy coming in, and to know all that thou doest. 
And when Joab was come out from
106,rth much fruit. 
He that loveth his life shall lose it; and he that hateth his life in this world shall ke
107,r in that he himself hath suffered being tempted, he is able to succour them that are tempted. 
Wherefore, 
92,nd forthwith Jesus gave them leave. And the unclean spirits went out, and entered into the s
73,down, even the feet of the poor, and the steps of the needy. 
The way of 
79,would give all the substance of his house for love, it would utterly be contemn
72,e unclean and the clean may eat thereof, as of the roebuck, and as of th
79,w the angel; and his four sons with him hid themselves. Now Ornan was threshing
97,men by it for to keep them: 
And stay ye not, but pursue after your enemies, and smite the hindmo
80,, Save us, O God of our salvation, and gather us together, and deliver us from t
81,For this cause ought the woman to have power on her head because of the angels. 

97,to it; and every one that sweareth shall be cut off as on that side according to it. 
I will brin
82,he ground on his face, and bowed himself, and thanked the king: and Joab said, To 
80,aw of the beasts, and of the fowl, and of every living creature that moveth in t
82,y very son Esau? And he said, I am. 
And he said, Bring it near to me, and I will 
79,ver ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever ye shall lo
102, hath commanded. 
If a man vow a vow unto the LORD, or swear an oath to bind his soul with a bond; he 
74,his heart trembled for the ark of God. And when the man came into the city
90,shalt also consider in thine heart, that, as a man chasteneth his son, so the LORD thy God
77,heir king inherit Gad, and his people dwell in his cities? 
Therefore, behold
84,y daughter. 
And she went, and came, and gleaned in the field after the reapers: and
90,ere are many devices in a man's heart; nevertheless the counsel of the LORD, that shall st
95, heaven. 
Ye shall not make with me gods of silver, neither shall ye make unto you gods of gold
80,ther chariots and horsemen: and he had a thousand and four hundred chariots, and
89,hey may serve me. 
For I will at this time send all my plagues upon thine heart, and upon
88,further, they sounded again, and found it fifteen fathoms. 
Then fearing lest we should 
108,hem unto Aaron. 
And he received them at their hand, and fashioned it with a graving tool, after he had made
90,believe that thou hast sent me. 
And when he thus had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, 
102,away captive, from Babylon into this place. 
Nevertheless hear thou now this word that I speak in thin
73,the word might be fulfilled that is written in their law, They hated me w
79,ncerning the offerings of the LORD made by fire: every one that toucheth them s
108, for the service thereof. 
For by the last words of David the Levites were numbered from twenty years old an
79,nto Aaron, and unto Eleazar and unto Ithamar, his sons, Uncover not your heads,
93,l, unto Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the city of David, 
89,y pasture? 
Remember thy congregation, which thou hast purchased of old; the rod of thine
72,ere with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and
104,ir own land, saith the LORD; and they shall till it, and dwell therein. 
I spake also to Zedekiah king o
91,ve not seen the chastisement of the LORD your God, his greatness, his mighty hand, and his 
72,re the face of the LORD: lift up thy hands toward him for the life of th
80,here was the tabernacle of the congregation of God, which Moses the servant of t
87,into your hand are they delivered. 
Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for yo
94,ogether, and lay them down in their dens. 
Man goeth forth unto his work and to his labour unt
78, man's rod, whom I shall choose, shall blossom: and I will make to cease from 
90,sin before thy father, that he seeketh my life? 
And he said unto him, God forbid; thou sh
94,t the cloud tarried upon the tabernacle, remaining thereon, the children of Israel abode in th
104,inst us, in building you an altar beside the altar of the LORD our God. 
Did not Achan the son of Zerah 
93,u shalt not enjoy them; for they shall go into captivity. 
All thy trees and fruit of thy lan
80,he prisoners heard them. 
And suddenly there was a great earthquake, so that the
83, sent him; but that he pronounced this prophecy against me: for Tobiah and Sanballa
103,le found in his mouth: 
Who, when he was reviled, reviled not again; when he suffered, he threatened no
85, shall be no more consumed with hunger in the land, neither bear the shame of the hea
85, and my misery, the wormwood and the gall. 
My soul hath them still in remembrance, a
100,ls; and he hearkened diligently with much heed: 
And he cried, A lion: My lord, I stand continually 
77,elease Barabbas unto them. 
And Pilate answered and said again unto them, Wha
103,lumber nor sleep; neither shall the girdle of their loins be loosed, nor the latchet of their shoes be 
95,him, and covered him with sackcloth, and sat in ashes. 
And he caused it to be proclaimed and p
103, be upon all the princes of Israel: terrors by reason of the sword shall be upon my people: smite there
89,satisfied with bread. 
Those that remain of him shall be buried in death: and his widows 
92,ng of Assyria unto them, to strengthen their hands in the work of the house of God, the God 
87,ng, by the words of the LORD, to cleanse the house of the LORD. 
And the priests went i
83,lin: but he slipped away out of Saul's presence, and he smote the javelin into the 
86,ss: for that is an abomination unto the LORD thy God. 
If there be found among you, wi
108,und nothing to answer. 
Also I said, It is not good that ye do: ought ye not to walk in the fear of our God 
89,he river of Arnon, and from the city that is by the river, even unto Gilead, there was no
80,ore ye shall bear the reproach of my people. 
Woe is me! for I am as when they h
104,, and all their flocks, and all their goods. 
And they burnt all their cities wherein they dwelt, and al
108,was laid, consider it. 
Is the seed yet in the barn? yea, as yet the vine, and the fig tree, and the pomegra
80, of Moab is laid waste, and brought to silence; because in the night Kir of Moab
106,brought up frogs upon the land of Egypt. 
Then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron, and said, Intreat the L
105,the kings of the house of Israel are merciful kings: let us, I pray thee, put sackcloth on our loins, and
92, of Maachah: 
Of the Levites, Hashabiah the son of Kemuel: of the Aaronites, Zadok: 
Of Juda
87,eth in us lusteth to envy? 
But he giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith, God resisteth
93,ent to king Jareb: Ephraim shall receive shame, and Israel shall be ashamed of his own counse
88,be enquired of by you. 
And that which cometh into your mind shall not be at all, that y
81,ief ones of the earth; it hath raised up from their thrones all the kings of the 
