1000
81,LORD; and they shall be afraid of thee. 
And the LORD shall make thee plenteous i
59, sepulchre which was hewn out of a rock, and rolled a stone
79,to Zerubbabel, and to the chief of the fathers, and said unto them, Let us buil
77, make thee fall before the enemy: for God hath power to help, and to cast dow
68,hed from thence, we sailed under Cyprus, because the winds were cont
82,put me in fear. 
So the wall was finished in the twenty and fifth day of the month
57, the garment which covereth him, and for a girdle wherewi
79,he king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, There is yet one man, Micaiah the son 
65, the oath: for they had sworn with all their heart, and sought hi
80,, that I might not sin against thee. 
Blessed art thou, O LORD: teach me thy sta
61,u wilt say then unto me, Why doth he yet find fault? For who 
61,ritten in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundat
67,ame to pass, when Jacob saw Rachel the daughter of Laban his mother
63,y,) Let us do evil, that good may come? whose damnation is just
83,and of Egypt for his labour wherewith he served against it, because they wrought fo
81,which reigned in Heshbon, whom Moses smote with the princes of Midian, Evi, and R
75,of his city yearly to worship and to sacrifice unto the LORD of hosts in Sh
58,ning let them return; and let them make a noise like a dog
75,nations, and his fury upon all their armies: he hath utterly destroyed them
59,p places shall fall, and every wall shall fall to the groun
59,ying, Thus shalt thou say to the house of Jacob, and tell t
73, work of the house of the LORD. 
Then stood Jeshua with his sons and his 
75,with a voice of singing declare ye, tell this, utter it even to the end of 
70,d shall scourge him, and shall spit upon him, and shall kill him: and 
75,m that know thee; and thy righteousness to the upright in heart. 
Let not t
72,David made a covenant with them in Hebron before the LORD; and they anoi
60,eived the word of God which ye heard of us, ye received it n
63,this side Jordan may be our's. 
And Moses gave unto them, even 
63,e porch, and of the houses thereof, and of the treasuries there
70,f the glory of thy kingdom, and talk of thy power; 
To make known to t
59,ant of the LORD; when it passed over Jordan, the waters of 
69,Seek ye the LORD, all ye meek of the earth, which have wrought his ju
79,ath, and the king of Arphad, and the king of the city of Sepharvaim, Hena, and 
75, she which hath an husband. 
Now we, brethren, as Isaac was, are the childr
66,om: out of his mouth cometh knowledge and understanding. 
He layet
57,one that is not speckled and spotted among the goats, and
71, of our inheritance on this side Jordan may be our's. 
And Moses gave u
57,thy doors about thee: hide thyself as it were for a littl
77, of the flood. 
Of clean beasts, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fow
66,iend. 
He loveth transgression that loveth strife: and he that exa
74,
So is this great and wide sea, wherein are things creeping innumerable, b
83,ntaineth much. 
Thou shalt be filled with drunkenness and sorrow, with the cup of a
80,hall burn them, and carry them away captives: and he shall array himself with th
57, in Judah, and spread themselves in Lehi. 
And the men of
67,d Bathsheba said, Well; I will speak for thee unto the king. 
Baths
56,I am troubled; I am bowed down greatly; I go mourning al
67,he king said unto Shimei, Thou shalt not die. And the king sware un
84,en he had put them all out, he taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and t
77,yrrh and aloes, about an hundred pound weight. 
Then took they the body of Je
59,t out into the midst of the city, and cried with a loud and
81,, It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man
84,vil and his angels: 
For I was an hungred, and ye gave me no meat: I was thirsty, an
70,en a man shall make a singular vow, the persons shall be for the LORD 
56,ne upon the house top. 
Mine enemies reproach me all the
57, the sun, all the days of thy vanity: for that is thy por
66,ey should do according to this word. And they sware. 
Then Ezra ro
77, him. 
I will be as the dew unto Israel: he shall grow as the lily, and cast 
60,aunah the Jebusite. 
And David spake unto the LORD when he s
83,, and gather her that was driven out; and I will get them praise and fame in every 
67,ich were with Jesus stretched out his hand, and drew his sword, and
62,nd the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto Aaron and sa
72,ties of Judah. 
And he took away the strange gods, and the idol out of t
73,ars in his own hired house, and received all that came in unto him, 
Prea
62,eave his blood upon him, and his reproach shall his LORD retur
66,gai, If one that is unclean by a dead body touch any of these, sha
60,well. 
For so is the will of God, that with well doing ye ma
70,an of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink. 

65,unless thou hadst spoken, surely then in the morning the people h
66, cometh and searcheth him. 
The lot causeth contentions to cease, 
76,ough him that loved us. 
For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, n
61, live; for he shall have his life for a prey, and shall live.
78,ief to his father, and bitterness to her that bare him. 
Also to punish the ju
58, and were well, and saw no evil. 
But since we left off to
75,unclean beasts shalt thou redeem. 
And those that are to be redeemed from a
72,r, which is upon the bank of the river Arnon, and from the middle of the
80,ant, and cut off his right ear. The servant's name was Malchus. 
Then said Jesus
81,D liveth, that brought up the children of Israel from the land of the north, and 
71, of the LORD God of their fathers, which he made with them when he brou
59, all Israel had lamented him, and buried him in Ramah, even
64,oung pigeon, or a turtledove, for a sin offering, unto the door 
59,handmaid, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign aft
68,while, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you. 
To him b
56,stroyed down to the ground of the Israelites that day tw
57,labour; this is the gift of God. 
For he shall not much r
72, for I shall never be in adversity. 
His mouth is full of cursing and de
69, persons. 
And Samuel said unto the cook, Bring the portion which I g
71,s so. 
And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day
58, and to seek thy soul: but the soul of my lord shall be bo
73,ower as the olive. 
For the congregation of hypocrites shall be desolate,
58,rings are poured out like the waters. 
For the thing which
70,t the Pharisees said, He casteth out devils through the prince of the 
59,s, and with them the elders of every city, and the judges t
78,an to reign, and he reigned forty years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also w
65,, my son, my son! 
And Joab came into the house to the king, and 
67,ut the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which was con
58,ch unto the vintage, and the vintage shall reach unto the 
77,h, and all his household after him. And the king left ten women, which were c
72,. 
And when he came to himself, he said, How many hired servants of my f
56, and behind, he chose out of all the choice of Israel, a
72, when our brethren died before the LORD! 
And why have ye brought up the
58,to vessel, neither hath he gone into captivity: therefore 
56, thine adversaries, and all thine enemies shall be cut o
76,ersheba. 
And the water was spent in the bottle, and she cast the child unde
74,nto you. 
And if any beast, of which ye may eat, die; he that toucheth the
72,eve in the light, that ye may be the children of light. These things spa
82,ly righteousness should have been by the law. 
But the scripture hath concluded al
66, done after the manners of the heathen that are round about you. 

81,fifty basons, five hundred and thirty priests' garments. 
And some of the chief o
58,e of the LORD was finished: and Solomon brought in all the
77,eing all the people were in ignorance. 
And if any soul sin through ignorance
70,uching you, that ye both do and will do the things which we command yo
68,the son of man that layeth hold on it; that keepeth the sabbath from
57, dwelt in a city called Nazareth: that it might be fulfil
69,n, and all Bashan unto Salcah; 
All the kingdom of Og in Bashan, whic
65, and the head of Lebanon: yet surely I will make thee a wildernes
73,n out of the good treasure of the heart bringeth forth good things: and a
78,hildren of Belial, are gone out from among you, and have withdrawn the inhabit
76, of the south push at him: and the king of the north shall come against him 
68,h joy. 
And it came to pass, when God helped the Levites that bare t
70,were neglected in the daily ministration. 
Then the twelve called the 
78,ers are the angels. 
As therefore the tares are gathered and burned in the fir
61,may be my people, and I may be their God, saith the Lord GOD.
80,in unawares, who were before of old ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, 
76,o them also: 
And the father of circumcision to them who are not of the circ
76,man whom thou seekest. And when he came into her tent, behold, Sisera lay de
60,hou wast created, till iniquity was found in thee. 
By the m
76, enemies to be at peace with him. 
Better is a little with righteousness tha
61,answered, No. 
Then said they unto him, Who art thou? that we
64,th at Jerusalem. Praise ye the LORD. 
O give thanks unto the LOR
71,ncerely with Jerubbaal and with his house this day, then rejoice ye in 
66,d from him; lest he hale thee to the judge, and the judge deliver 
68, of the city. 
And when they had set the people, even all the host t
61,rael, which is in Samaria: behold, he is in the vineyard of N
74,f Abraham thy father: fear not, for I am with thee, and will bless thee, a
60, (this is the land that shall fall unto you for an inheritan
56,y house shall eat of it. 
All the best of the oil, and a
84, of an humble spirit with the lowly, than to divide the spoil with the proud. 
He th
71, be taken, and the other left. 
Watch therefore: for ye know not what h
84,ll speak for thee unto the king. 
Bathsheba therefore went unto king Solomon, to spe
61,elf, and saith unto him, Rabboni; which is to say, Master. 
J
59,eth salvation hath appeared to all men, 
Teaching us that, 
74,ore Moses, and said, Let us go up at once, and possess it; for we are well
66, is it that thou hast sent me? 
For since I came to Pharaoh to spe
84,e duty of an husband's brother unto her. 
And it shall be, that the firstborn which 
81,nd they say to us, Make brick: and, behold, thy servants are beaten; but the faul
75,gs: for his mercy endureth for ever: 
Sihon king of the Amorites: for his m
58,h. 
And when they were come to the place, which is called 
66,have found a man of the captives of Judah, that will make known un
82,t they looked toward the wilderness, and, behold, the glory of the LORD appeared i
72, the dead, or a man whose seed goeth from him; 
Or whosoever toucheth an
64,ens, and treadeth upon the waves of the sea. 
Which maketh Arctu
68,Father, Jesus Christ the righteous: 
And he is the propitiation for 
69,in thee. 
In God I will praise his word, in God I have put my trust; 
70,
And when her masters saw that the hope of their gains was gone, they 
66,to take David: and when they saw the company of the prophets proph
81,lowed her. 
And if she had at all an husband, when she vowed, or uttered ought ou
61,ngs which are little upon the earth, but they are exceeding w
76,nd thou shalt offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt of
69,st, Ahimelech's son, I pray thee, bring me hither the ephod. And Abia
73,, the judge standeth before the door. 
Take, my brethren, the prophets, w
82,e sum of the men of war which are under our charge, and there lacketh not one man 
63,s which never saw light. 
There the wicked cease from troubling
57,au heard the words of his father, he cried with a great a
83,and children: for the people wept very sore. 
And Shechaniah the son of Jehiel, one
78,t come in hither: thinking, David cannot come in hither. 
Nevertheless David t
69,er unto it: 
And they shall put it and all the vessels thereof within
78,I have commanded you. 
Be strong and of a good courage, fear not, nor be afrai
56, they despised all my reproof. 
Therefore shall they eat
56,l certainly make my lord a sure house; because my lord f
67,ot come in hither: thinking, David cannot come in hither. 
Neverthe
75,A third part of you entering on the sabbath, of the priests and of the Levi
71,ighteousness: for they shall suck of the abundance of the seas, and of 
61,ilcah, and Tirzah. 
And they stood before Moses, and before E
59,ing Asa built with them Geba of Benjamin, and Mizpah. 
The 
73,e, which knew not Joseph. 
The same dealt subtilly with our kindred, and 
75,t the LORD shall arise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee. 
A
68,g evil upon the men of Anathoth, even the year of their visitation. 
82,Samaritan, and hast a devil? 
Jesus answered, I have not a devil; but I honour my 
56,ke, the putting forth of the finger, and speaking vanity
81,the tabernacle of the congregation, under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron th
57, LORD was with Joshua; and his fame was noised throughout
72,ael by profaning the sabbath. 
And it came to pass, that when the gates 
74,ound so great faith, no, not in Israel. 
And I say unto you, That many sha
70,for Absalom. 
And the victory that day was turned into mourning unto a
79,th the finger of God; and on them was written according to all the words, which
76,rsheba, and called there on the name of the LORD, the everlasting God. 
And 
81, now I have opened my mouth, my tongue hath spoken in my mouth. 
My words shall b
78,, 
Without understanding, covenantbreakers, without natural affection, implaca
81,John the Baptist until now the kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the viol
60,ut of the north. 
By the breath of God frost is given: and t
56,ery good word and work. 
Finally, brethren, pray for us,
60,o the priest, who shall offer that which is for the sin offe
61,they were afraid: the depths also were troubled. 
The clouds 
74, your fathers, as I have done to Shiloh. 
And I will cast you out of my si
66,em into Pharaoh's cup, and I gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand. 
An
68,en again from the dead. 
And his disciples asked him, saying, Why th
71,rought by his hands? 
Is not this the carpenter, the son of Mary, the b
75,m. 
Keep me as the apple of the eye, hide me under the shadow of thy wings,
71,ound in the bursting of it a sherd to take fire from the hearth, or to 
63,at was our father's; and of that which was our father's hath he
78,is disciples that they should tell no man that he was Jesus the Christ. 
From 
63,re the tabernacle of the congregation, to do the service of the
74, cast five sockets of brass for them. 
And thou shalt make an altar of shi
80,n lay at his feet. 
And he said, Who art thou? And she answered, I am Ruth thine
65, the people, and will gather you out of the countries wherein ye 
68,ith my spirit in the gospel of his Son, that without ceasing I make 
63,All nations before him are as nothing; and they are counted to 
70,herefore it shall come to pass, when the Egyptians shall see thee, tha
67, David said unto all the congregation of Israel, If it seem good un
58,ing come an high priest of good things to come, by a great
65,to shame. 
At that time will I bring you again, even in the time 
81,hold, my desire is, that the Almighty would answer me, and that mine adversary ha
69,and of Israel; and he set masons to hew wrought stones to build the h
77,ife: but perverseness therein is a breach in the spirit. 
A fool despiseth hi
60,d me about: but in the name of the LORD will I destroy them.
78,rished at Endor: they became as dung for the earth. 
Make their nobles like Or
82,tains were covered. 
And all flesh died that moved upon the earth, both of fowl, a
63, Judah. Rehoboam was forty and one years old when he began to r
70,my power; and that my name may be declared throughout all the earth. 

70,o we preach, and so ye believed. 
Now if Christ be preached that he ro
79, priest, if she profane herself by playing the whore, she profaneth her father:
82,y the name of the LORD, and make mention of the God of Israel, but not in truth, n
62, he said to Abimelech, Increase thine army, and come out. 
And
83,degrees, which is gone down in the sun dial of Ahaz, ten degrees backward. So the s
84,RD God of Israel, and make confession unto him; and tell me now what thou hast done;
58,ugh the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into
62,skin of his flesh, and in sight be not deeper than the skin, a
60,the top of the pillars were of lily work in the porch, four 
75,t cannot rest, whose waters cast up mire and dirt. 
There is no peace, sait
58,rael wandered in the wilderness: and now, lo, I am this da
80,, Surely thou art one of them: for thou art a Galilaean, and thy speech agreeth 
77,he graves after his resurrection, and went into the holy city, and appeared u
66,ter growth; and, lo, it was the latter growth after the king's mow
69,is a Roman, and uncondemned? 
When the centurion heard that, he went 
72, 
Even in laughter the heart is sorrowful; and the end of that mirth is 
75, he said unto his servants, Set yourselves in array. And they set themselve
80,m: and what are we? your murmurings are not against us, but against the LORD. 
A
60,id unto Amos, O thou seer, go, flee thee away into the land 
60,him eat of that bread, and drink of that cup. 
For he that e
67,, the governors, and captains, the judges, the treasurers, the coun
71,rother for glory and for beauty. 
And thou shalt speak unto all that ar
67,to the soldiers, Except these abide in the ship, ye cannot be saved
81,than having two hands or two feet to be cast into everlasting fire. 
And if thine
80,and all the waters that were in the river were turned to blood. 
And the fish th
59, thee: I will praise thy name, O LORD; for it is good. 
For
66,e the LORD, that hath pleaded the cause of my reproach from the ha
70,this also, that the children of Moab, and the children of Ammon, and w
60,the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, even a ram f
72,lewdness with many, and the holy flesh is passed from thee? when thou do
68, to the valley of Jehoshaphat: for there will I sit to judge all the
63,solation among the nations! 
I have laid a snare for thee, and 
61,re unclean unto you. 
And the swine, because it divideth the 
59,, and to floor the houses which the kings of Judah had dest
81,we do as thou sayest. Then I called the priests, and took an oath of them, that t
80,urned up as it were fire. 
The stones of it are the place of sapphires: and it h
58,ave known that all things whatsoever thou hast given me ar
61, 
And Moses went out from Pharaoh, and intreated the LORD. 
A
79,ointed your meat and your drink: for why should he see your faces worse liking 
56,treasury: and many that were rich cast in much. 
And the
65,ths; they shall not be lamented; neither shall they be buried; bu
64,his day; and sent and called for their three sisters to eat and 
71,urn incense upon it? 
Know ye not what I and my fathers have done unto 
62,im before the ark, sacrificed sheep and oxen, which could not 
58,no reward of your Father which is in heaven. 
Therefore wh
84,ice. 
And it was so, when Elijah heard it, that he wrapped his face in his mantle, a
65,y for their want, that their abundance also may be a supply for y
64,mandment. 
And he that keepeth his commandments dwelleth in him,
56,in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or i
64,h. 
They that were full have hired out themselves for bread; and
58, war in Israel: thou and Aaron shall number them by their 
74,e risen up against me, and such as breathe out cruelty. 
I had fainted, un
83,of the land of Moab, and pitched on the other side of Arnon, but came not within th
74,irgin, the daughter of Zion, hath despised thee, and laughed thee to scorn
81, Thaddaeus; 
Simon the Canaanite, and Judas Iscariot, who also betrayed him. 
The
59,his delight, rejoicing always before him; 
Rejoicing in the
61,it was overwhelmed. Selah. 
Thou holdest mine eyes waking: I 
64,h his feathers, and cast it beside the altar on the east part, b
74,n; that I might leave my people, and go from them! for they be all adulter
58,n had their inheritance within the inheritance of them. 
A
56,with a garment; 
He that hath not given forth upon usury
82,id and Abishai came to the people by night: and, behold, Saul lay sleeping within 
76,, the lot of your inheritance; 
When ye were but few, even a few, and strang
65,ing savour. 
But fornication, and all uncleanness, or covetousnes
57,ne. 
And Pharaoh sent, and, behold, there was not one of 
58, it off: it is better for thee to enter halt into life, th
61,from the love of Christ? shall tribulation, or distress, or p
77,servant, whom I uphold; mine elect, in whom my soul delighteth; I have put my
70,nd do no wrong, do no violence to the stranger, the fatherless, nor th
74,erity and judgment; all his commandments are sure. 
They stand fast for ev
60, of Azariah, the son of Zephaniah, 
The son of Tahath, the s
84,n, and his feet as pillars of fire: 
And he had in his hand a little book open: and 
81, our God shall deliver us out of the hand of the king of Assyria? 
Hath not the s
78,and ye shall be confounded for the gardens that ye have chosen. 
For ye shall 
71,nd the wheat for the meat offering; I give it all. 
And king David said
61,ss, and widow. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
Cursed be
66,s; and, behold, the rod of Aaron for the house of Levi was budded,
65,e high arm shall be broken. 
Hast thou entered into the springs o
76,e cedar wood, and hyssop, and scarlet, and cast it into the midst of the bur
62,he kingdom which he hath promised to them that love him? 
But 
76,life by all the residue of them that remain of this evil family, which remai
65, on my body, she did it for my burial. 
Verily I say unto you, Wh
84,aid, He is sick. 
And Saul sent the messengers again to see David, saying, Bring him
69,he other side of that which remaineth in the length of the curtains o
80,usalem. 
O thou inhabitant of Lachish, bind the chariot to the swift beast: she 
56,man, set thy face against Pharaoh king of Egypt, and pro
72,e sun be hot; and while they stand by, let them shut the doors, and bar 
56,
I will utterly consume all things from off the land, sa
56, be the words which Moses spake unto all Israel on this 
74, Babylon should come and smite the land of Egypt. 
Declare ye in Egypt, an
79,wn, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted within me? hope thou in God: for I s
70,se years; because the LORD had given him rest. 
Therefore he said unto
65,nd I Daniel fainted, and was sick certain days; afterward I rose 
74,gation, 
Even those that were numbered of them, throughout their families,
82,ch fell that day of Benjamin were twenty and five thousand men that drew the sword
70,he righteous sheweth mercy, and giveth. 
For such as be blessed of him
81,ithout blemish, for a burnt offering; 
Also a bullock and a ram for peace offerin
75,pty: 
Every man shall give as he is able, according to the blessing of the 
64,e all taught of God. Every man therefore that hath heard, and ha
71,, I am with thee according to thy heart. 
Then said Jonathan, Behold, w
75,them down like lambs to the slaughter, like rams with he goats. 
How is She
79, two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, which is by the flanks, and the caul
63, unto me; and if I be righteous, yet will I not lift up my head
58,r the LORD hath bidden him. 
It may be that the LORD will 
78,on for sin, and running water shall be put thereto in a vessel: 
And a clean p
62, Jesus before the world began, 
But is now made manifest by th
83,t be not ye called Rabbi: for one is your Master, even Christ; and all ye are breth
68,elves unto me, saying, Get thee out, and all the people that follow 
64,rawn in the yoke; 
And the elders of that city shall bring down 
84,were made perfectly whole. 
Then came to Jesus scribes and Pharisees, which were of 
74,eep upon the earth; the weasel, and the mouse, and the tortoise after his 
63,ve. 
I cried with my whole heart; hear me, O LORD: I will keep 
76, water, nor turn again by the same way that thou camest. 
So he went another
80,e field, and as the green herb, as the grass on the housetops, and as corn blast
69,God, saying, Shall I go up against the Philistines? And wilt thou del
58,n heard that saying, he went away sorrowful: for he had gr
73,, with drunkenness. 
And I will dash them one against another, even the f
57,e will I sing with the harp, O thou Holy One of Israel. 

60,offering: 
One spoon of ten shekels of gold, full of incense
72,e in the day of trouble: I will deliver thee, and thou shalt glorify me.
63,ade us to come up out of Egypt, to bring us in unto this evil p
61,uble thee. Belteshazzar answered and said, My lord, the dream
63,h adultery: and whoso marrieth her which is put away doth commi
60,done among you? 
Now therefore deliver us the men, the child
66, Abijah, 
The ninth to Jeshuah, the tenth to Shecaniah, 
The eleve
60,hat I may cast lots for you here before the LORD our God. 
B
57,pon thee, the terrible of the nations: and they shall dra
84,fter their ways, nor done after their abominations: but, as if that were a very litt
77, thy friends, nor thy brethren, neither thy kinsmen, nor thy rich neighbours;
77,looked for peace, and there is no good; and for the time of healing, and beho
81, wonders, O LORD: thy faithfulness also in the congregation of the saints. 
For w
78,d; for I will make him a great nation. 
And God opened her eyes, and she saw a
81,owls made after the fashion of almonds in one branch, a knop and a flower; and th
57,mbers, that it defileth the whole body, and setteth on fi
67,he LORD, unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, even 
66,er, he said unto them, Men and brethren, though I have committed n
68, the temple of the great goddess Diana should be despised, and her m
72,k rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, upon
80,ys of his life. 
And the LORD spake unto Joshua, saying, 
Command the priests th
74,ters is straitened. 
Also by watering he wearieth the thick cloud: he scat
65,ORD shall have done to my lord according to all the good that he 
83,, because it is none of his: brimstone shall be scattered upon his habitation. 
His
74,Gad called the altar Ed: for it shall be a witness between us that the LOR
80,e you, nor hear you, when ye depart thence, shake off the dust under your feet f
76,For it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in
56,gation of the children of Israel, Come near before the L
73,ou, Moon, in the valley of Ajalon. 
And the sun stood still, and the moon
69,not sacrifice unto the LORD thy God any bullock, or sheep, wherein is
66, an atonement for all Israel: for the king commanded that the burn
83,interpret? 
But covet earnestly the best gifts: and yet shew I unto you a more exce
60,to thy brother Nahor; 
Huz his firstborn, and Buz his brothe
80,l ye lay up these my words in your heart and in your soul, and bind them for a s
72,rought again the ark of the LORD; come ye down, and fetch it up to you. 
75,here was gathered much people together, who stopped all the fountains, and 
81,ays are coming, in the which they shall say, Blessed are the barren, and the womb
73,t man is laughed to scorn. 
He that is ready to slip with his feet is as 
70, and Eliel, 
And Abdon, and Zichri, and Hanan, 
And Hananiah, and Elam
84,be uttered. 
And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the Spirit
60,and to the dung port, and viewed the walls of Jerusalem, whi
83,e us bread: for why should we die in thy presence? for the money faileth. 
And Jose
73,id beseech you by us: we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to 
80, was like a weaver's beam; and his spear's head weighed six hundred shekels of i
61,us saith the Lord GOD, Behold, my servants shall eat, but ye 
66,the LORD of hosts in Shiloh. And the two sons of Eli, Hophni and P
72, have taken away the key of knowledge: ye entered not in yourselves, and
77,ard of his wisdom. 
And Hiram king of Tyre sent his servants unto Solomon; fo
57,oly unto the LORD; the vessels are holy also; and the sil
76,n his own land. 
So Rabshakeh returned, and found the king of Assyria warrin
76,d, were hangings of fifteen cubits; their pillars three, and their sockets t
84, he ariseth to shake terribly the earth. 
In that day a man shall cast his idols of 
58,Gilead smote Ephraim, because they said, Ye Gileadites are
61,bow, they make ready their arrow upon the string, that they m
64,nd the way before them was like the appearance of the chambers w
68,e LORD hath done it: shout, ye lower parts of the earth: break forth
61,er, among the multitude: and when he could not know the certa
56, Moses and Aaron numbered, and the princes of Israel, be
56,g a she goat of the first year for a sin offering. 
And 
75,k him any more questions. 
Then spake Jesus to the multitude, and to his di
74,live ox, and divide the money of it; and the dead ox also they shall divid
61,alem, terrible as an army with banners. 
Turn away thine eyes
78,f refuge for the slayer; and Libnah with her suburbs, 
And Jattir with her sub
73, meat offering unto one lamb; for a burnt offering of a sweet savour, a s
62,hall not fall on the ground without your Father. 
But the very
59,he staves of it. 
And when Aaron and his sons have made an 
79,ath, and her paths unto the dead. 
None that go unto her return again, neither 
70, they hold fast deceit, they refuse to return. 
I hearkened and heard,
80, thou that hearest prayer, unto thee shall all flesh come. 
Iniquities prevail a
81,ts which I speak in your ears this day, that ye may learn them, and keep, and do 
56,at harvest in the valley: and they lifted up their eyes,
73,ether within your cities, I will send the pestilence among you; and ye sh
66, shall these things be? and what shall be the sign of thy coming, 
75, me; he shall be free. 
And ye suffer him no more to do ought for his fathe
74,nd the dew lay all night upon my branch. 
My glory was fresh in me, and my
57,ey have digged a pit before me, into the midst whereof th
79,them, and of their children after them: 
And I will make an everlasting covenan
60, Zeeb, and pursued Midian, and brought the heads of Oreb and
81,ning in any of the coasts of Israel, 
Let seven men of his sons be delivered unto
79, 
The LORD hath returned upon thee all the blood of the house of Saul, in whose
69,ferior to other churches, except it be that I myself was not burdenso
84,e far off shall come and build in the temple of the LORD, and ye shall know that the
68,e LORD. 
Blessed be the LORD out of Zion, which dwelleth at Jerusale
80,of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, Dinah's brethren, took each man his sword, and came u
73,so that his soul was vexed unto death; 
That he told her all his heart, a
68, he that hath part in the first resurrection: on such the second dea
77,r king from off his head, and found it to weigh a talent of gold, and there w
71,lp, and redeem us for thy mercies' sake. 
My heart is inditing a good m
57,men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles? 
Even s
83,have cast fire into thy sanctuary, they have defiled by casting down the dwelling p
63,lathite to wife. 
And Michal Saul's daughter loved David: and t
75, it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment: 
So Chr
74,dan, and was led by the Spirit into the wilderness, 
Being forty days temp
57,ough strong drink; they err in vision, they stumble in ju
64,f Jeshua and Joab, two thousand eight hundred and twelve. 
The c
72,cob gave Esau bread and pottage of lentiles; and he did eat and drink, a
69, the king's seed, and of the princes; 
Children in whom was no blemis
77,have also stolen, and dissembled also, and they have put it even among their 
69,ard before in the word of the truth of the gospel; 
Which is come unt
81,of hosts, is his name, 
Great in counsel, and mighty in work: for thine eyes are 
78,e of small cords, he drove them all out of the temple, and the sheep, and the 
59, and with the running water, and with the living bird, and 
56,aid unto Balak, Build me here seven altars, and prepare 
57, he arose, and rebuked the winds and the sea; and there w
63,hilistine, Thou comest to me with a sword, and with a spear, an
70,charity, patience, 
Persecutions, afflictions, which came unto me at A
67,o Gedaliah to Mizpah, 
And said unto him, Dost thou certainly know 
84,e not of my sheep, as I said unto you. 
My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and
76,ead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, (by grace ye are saved;
63, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
64,, and say unto them, Ye shall be holy: for I the LORD your God a
78,I am the LORD your God: ye shall therefore sanctify yourselves, and ye shall b
80,thou knowest not, neither understandest what they say. 
Their quiver is as an op
58,n himself before all them that stood by him; and he cried,
71, gods of the people are idols: but the LORD made the heavens. 
Glory an
79, pray you, tarry ye also here this night, that I may know what the LORD will sa
84,toward the west ten thousand in breadth, and toward the east ten thousand in breadth
71,ernaum, which art exalted to heaven, shalt be thrust down to hell. 
He 
63,out to go his way: and, behold, the woman his concubine was fal
70, displeased him that there was no judgment. 
And he saw that there was
56,ne houses with fire, and execute judgments upon thee in 
77,n one year; lest the land become desolate, and the beast of the field multipl
81, that he died, for the blood of Asahel his brother. 
And afterward when David hea
60,RD; and beside me there is no saviour. 
I have declared, and
61,ou. 
So ye abode in Kadesh many days, according unto the days
64,own to the stock of a tree? 
He feedeth on ashes: a deceived hea
76, them on the altar of the LORD. 
So they killed the bullocks, and the priest
75,D, neither any that go down into silence. 
But we will bless the LORD from 
64, ye that I should do for you? 
They said unto him, Grant unto us
71,lt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy. 
But I say unto you, Love 
75,: 
And in the uppermost basket there was of all manner of bakemeats for Pha
80, will reverence my son. 
But when the husbandmen saw the son, they said among th
83,hey are extinct, they are quenched as tow. 
Remember ye not the former things, neit
66,ite: and afterward were the families of the Canaanites spread abro
66,s were hairy, as his brother Esau's hands: so he blessed him. 
And
60,LORD rain in the time of the latter rain; so the LORD shall 
72,and things that accompany salvation, though we thus speak. 
For God is n
62,rote Rehum the chancellor, and Shimshai the scribe, and the re
56,r lips do honour me, but have removed their heart far fr
68,n the holy place. 
Thou hast ascended on high, thou hast led captivi
70, thou hast promised him, saying, There shall not fail thee a man in my
67,ching: verily I say unto you, that he shall gird himself, and make 
62,t is earthly, sensual, devilish. 
For where envying and strife
76,ve said to thy soul, Bow down, that we may go over: and thou hast laid thy b
70,e LORD struck the child that Uriah's wife bare unto David, and it was 
57,n, and Tahan his son. 
Laadan his son, Ammihud his son, E
64,gh before their eyes. 
And it shall be, when they say unto thee,
63,ll this babbler say? other some, He seemeth to be a setter fort
67,d to good works: 
Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves togethe
60,und this man a pestilent fellow, and a mover of sedition amo
60,the midst of the ground, and defended it, and slew the Phili
72,the blood seven times before the LORD, before the vail of the sanctuary.
81,y longer time with them, he consented not; 
But bade them farewell, saying, I mus
64,d his throne is upholden by mercy. 
The glory of young men is th
59,d to kiss him. 
But Amasa took no heed to the sword that wa
79, thou shalt shew unto me; at every place whither we shall come, say of me, He i
82, Why have our brethren the men of Judah stolen thee away, and have brought the kin
63,aid nothing. 
Why askest thou me? ask them which heard me, what
75,en to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for sea
66, that only may be done of you. 
And ye shall observe the feast of 
75,l these lands into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, my serva
78,th your ears. 
Behold now, I have ordered my cause; I know that I shall be jus
68,s; and the sons of David were chief about the king. 
Now it came to 
61,third month was Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, a chief priest: 
65,n to our own people, and to the land of our nativity, from the op
63,he birth, and from the womb, and from the conception. 
Though t
74, we die. 
Be not deceived: evil communications corrupt good manners. 
Awak
66,with us, when we obey the voice of the LORD our God. 
And it came 
72,branch with one cluster of grapes, and they bare it between two upon a s
81,ple, The righteousness of the righteous shall not deliver him in the day of his t
79,sts that are not clean by two, the male and his female. 
Of fowls also of the a
70,oveable in his sight: 
If ye continue in the faith grounded and settle
65,nts. 
And Satan stood up against Israel, and provoked David to nu
64,lain with the sword of him that sat upon the horse, which sword 
68,d, and a covering of badgers' skins above that. 
And he made boards 
81,ccording to the dowry of virgins. 
Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live. 
Whosoe
69,hose wastes of the land of Israel speak, saying, Abraham was one, and
57,ns, but God alone? 
But when Jesus perceived their though
66,ed, and it shall be known to you why his hand is not removed from 
67,ow then shall the scriptures be fulfilled, that thus it must be? 
I
64,to Samuel to Ramah, and told him all that Saul had done to him. 
72, by few. 
And his armourbearer said unto him, Do all that is in thine he
61,l treacherously, and holdest thy tongue when the wicked devou
74,thers, were written in the book of the chronicles, even until the days of 
64,m the dead. 
And when they heard of the resurrection of the dead
73,in harvest, and as men rejoice when they divide the spoil. 
For thou hast
81,osts, the God of Israel; If thou wilt assuredly go forth unto the king of Babylon
63, well of water; and it shall come to pass, that when the virgin
72,hey went to Baalpeor, and separated themselves unto that shame; and thei
82,ue than many sparrows. 
Whosoever therefore shall confess me before men, him will 
81,sus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house. 
And they spake unto him the 
79,RD on the head of them. 
And I said, Hear, I pray you, O heads of Jacob, and ye
59, snuffed at it, saith the LORD of hosts; and ye brought tha
74,orrow to the grave. 
And the famine was sore in the land. 
And it came to 
70, and streams of waters in the day of the great slaughter, when the tow
72,me up on mount Zion to judge the mount of Esau; and the kingdom shall be
66,rbs, and Kirjathaim with her suburbs. 
Unto the rest of the childr
61,tiply my days as the sand. 
My root was spread out by the wat
78, raising after he hath kneaded the dough, until it be leavened. 
In the day of
69,d it came to pass, when the people heard the sound of the trumpet, an
56,eritance of the tribe of the children of Dan according t
72,eit there is not in every man that knowledge: for some with conscience o
73,aul talked unto the priest, that the noise that was in the host of the Ph
58,ilk. 
I decked thee also with ornaments, and I put bracele
57,d it. 
He that receiveth you receiveth me, and he that re
59,ildren are my children, and these cattle are my cattle, and
61,of the blood shall be wrung out at the bottom of the altar: i
75,on her waters; and they shall be dried up: for it is the land of graven ima
61,alsehood do lie, saying, I will prophesy unto thee of wine an
61,nto you, and ye shall be tilled and sown: 
And I will multipl
64,e that are unlearned, or unbelievers, will they not say that ye 
62,strong drink shall be bitter to them that drink it. 
The city 
72,lem, and found the eleven gathered together, and them that were with the
66,le: for according to the number of thy cities are thy gods, O Juda
74, hundred thousand and fifty and seven thousand and six hundred. They shall
79, ass shall be violently taken away from before thy face, and shall not be resto
65,shall be to you as a breach ready to fall, swelling out in a high
62,s land; By sword and famine shall those prophets be consumed. 
82, the head, and the other at the feet, where the body of Jesus had lain. 
And they 
57,u to me. 
So he let him go: then she said, A bloody husba
76,hall drink no vinegar of wine, or vinegar of strong drink, neither shall he 
65,n. 
The king answered and said to Daniel, whose name was Beltesha
71,hen the people therefore saw that Jesus was not there, neither his disc
81,ion in the midst of the earth. 
Thou didst divide the sea by thy strength: thou b
56,ar them. 
I am the door: by me if any man enter in, he s
67,ieved, and return, and have indignation against the holy covenant: 
70,, that my days should be consumed with shame? 
The word which came unt
60,ft behind stayed. 
But David pursued, he and four hundred me
68,d, all that were able to go forth to war; 
Those that were numbered 
80,earth, and broader than the sea. 
If he cut off, and shut up, or gather together
57,s and the he goats. 
Seemeth it a small thing unto you to
67,in went out from the presence of the LORD, and dwelt in the land of
78, he that formed them will shew them no favour. 
And it shall come to pass in t
84,f cedar: he even built them for it within, even for the oracle, even for the most ho
66,ek? 
Art not thou that Egyptian, which before these days madest an
58,pride: and for cursing and lying which they speak. 
Consum
73,d anointed the feet of Jesus, and wiped his feet with her hair: and the h
75,that I give thee. Then did I eat it; and it was in my mouth as honey for sw
60,the sons of Aaron. The sons of Aaron; Nadab, and Abihu, Elea
72,the children of Dan shall be Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai. 
And his ho
65, GOD, cease, I beseech thee: by whom shall Jacob arise? for he is
82,and, behold, all things are clean unto you. 
But woe unto you, Pharisees! for ye t
64,y of man is great upon him. 
For he knoweth not that which shall
66,efore all the nations of the earth, which shall hear all the good 
64,charged me to build him an house in Jerusalem, which is in Judah
70,ey went from them: they sacrificed unto Baalim, and burned incense to 
72,d, yea, and beyond their power they were willing of themselves; 
Praying
59,ch thou hast brought forth out of Egypt have corrupted them
83,on, Hezekiah his son, Manasseh his son, 
Amon his son, Josiah his son. 
And the son
69,ed: the cup of the LORD's right hand shall be turned unto thee, and s
79,he said unto him, Fear not: for the hand of Saul my father shall not find thee;
59,irst of the firstfruits of thy land thou shalt bring unto t
75,fore get her for me to wife. 
Then his father and his mother said unto him,
63,that I brought them up out of Egypt even unto this day, wherewi
57,sed, they shall reckon unto him seven days. 
And in the d
60,hat I will do judgment upon the graven images of Babylon: an
69,, and because of the abominations which ye have committed; therefore 
83,s not. 
Thus saith the LORD unto this people, Thus have they loved to wander, they 
80,est of their companions; the Dinaites, the Apharsathchites, the Tarpelites, the 
61,to the hands of strangers, and will execute judgments among y
61,s; but who is able to stand before envy? 
Open rebuke is bett
60,and all the inhabitants of the land into the house of the LO
84,st shall execute upon her all this law. 
Then shall the man be guiltless from iniqui
79,as set; 
Moreover the candlesticks with their lamps, that they should burn afte
57, border came down to the end of the mountain that lieth b
84,hou the LORD and the king: and meddle not with them that are given to change: 
For t
71,ossess it. 
Keep therefore and do them; for this is your wisdom and you
62,or a little while, but are gone and brought low; they are take
72,our daily bread. 
And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors. 

69,said, An hundred measures of wheat. And he said unto him, Take thy bi
84,sness is an everlasting righteousness, and thy law is the truth. 
Trouble and anguis
77, as the early dew it goeth away. 
Therefore have I hewed them by the prophets
66,ful: for he had great possessions. 
Then said Jesus unto his disci
61,ecreed shall overflow with righteousness. 
For the Lord GOD o
75,re better than thyself: 
Behold, with a great plague will the LORD smite th
56,e filled. Blessed are ye that weep now: for ye shall lau
61,of the place, and made a feast. 
And it came to pass in the e
65,king the word of God of none effect through your tradition, which
80,Hear now, thou son of Ahitub. And he answered, Here I am, my lord. 
And Saul sai
80,, 
Before I go whence I shall not return, even to the land of darkness and the s
59, of any priest, if she profane herself by playing the whore
68,h unto them, Sleep on now, and take your rest: it is enough, the hou
81,, saying, 
Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia, The LORD God of heaven hath given me 
72, leper in whom the plague is, his clothes shall be rent, and his head ba
80, father had taken. 
And the LORD was with Jehoshaphat, because he walked in the 
57,that darkeneth counsel by words without knowledge? 
Gird 
57, in the kingdom of God. 
And, behold, there are last whic
56,is man is a sinner. 
He answered and said, Whether he be
60, ye have acknowledged us in part, that we are your rejoicing
65,th thee: 
I am not worthy of the least of all the mercies, and of
56,on the bed. 
And Jacob said unto Joseph, God Almighty ap
67,twelve cubits did compass it; and the thickness thereof was four fi
75,, and remained speechless. 
And it came to pass, that, as soon as the days 
58,hall cast off his flower as the olive. 
For the congregati
72,y shall teach thee; and the fowls of the air, and they shall tell thee: 
80,g Amon; and the people of the land made Josiah his son king in his stead. 
Josia
76,aid against Jerusalem, Aha, she is broken that was the gates of the people: 
65,o the Benjamites, because they trusted unto the liers in wait whi
74,e earth: thy right hand is full of righteousness. 
Let mount Zion rejoice,
69, saith the Lord GOD; I will even deal with thee as thou hast done, wh
65,tion between the sanctuary and the profane place. 
Afterward he b
78,aith the king, Let not Hezekiah deceive you: for he shall not be able to deliv
56,ness, that thou hast given him a son to sit on his thron
78, chains, as in the oracle, and put them on the heads of the pillars; and made 
75,d, for they said, God is come into the camp. And they said, Woe unto us! fo
68,one which the builders disallowed, the same is made the head of the 
72,s of Judah sat before me, that the hand of the Lord GOD fell there upon 
65,n of living waters, and hewed them out cisterns, broken cisterns,
62,r the words of the Lord Jesus, how he said, It is more blessed
61, David? and we have none inheritance in the son of Jesse: eve
57, reigned twenty and five years in Jerusalem. And his moth
62,atness is grown, and reacheth unto heaven, and thy dominion to
63,ed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the waters
70,th the matter. 
Where no counsel is, the people fall: but in the multi
60,s of the first year: this was the offering of Abidan the son
80,d captains of hundreds, came near unto Moses: 
And they said unto Moses, Thy ser
60,he LORD, and for the king's house, harps also and psalteries
72, he promised to give unto thy fathers; 
If thou shalt keep all these com
58,nning shall remain in you, ye also shall continue in the S
78,nto thee, from Dan even to Beersheba, as the sand that is by the sea for multi
80,mediately Jesus stretched forth his hand, and caught him, and said unto him, O t
81,s of figs, and bunches of raisins, and wine, and oil, and oxen, and sheep abundan
68,up against the Prince of princes; but he shall be broken without han
58,God of Israel, let thy word, I pray thee, be verified, whi
64,urnt offerings unto the LORD. But the foundation of the temple o
81,and said, O Lord GOD, destroy not thy people and thine inheritance, which thou ha
84,even fainteth for the courts of the LORD: my heart and my flesh crieth out for the l
71,all answer and say, So shall it be done unto that man that will not bui
66,n went to enquire of God, thus he spake, Come, and let us go to th
64,n upon thee, until thou be destroyed. 
The LORD shall cause thee
83,oor were folding, and the two leaves of the other door were folding. 
And he carved
67,e according as he hath said: because ye have sinned against the LOR
68, to be kept till I might send him to Caesar. 
Then Agrippa said unto
84,e under me. 
LORD, what is man, that thou takest knowledge of him! or the son of man
84,led by my name, and say, We are delivered to do all these abominations? 
Is this hou
84,and is confident. 
He that is soon angry dealeth foolishly: and a man of wicked devi
66,e known the riches of his glory on the vessels of mercy, which he 
75, besought him instantly, saying, That he was worthy for whom he should do t
77,her, and to bring her again, having his servant with him, and a couple of ass
59,ll go out. And he went out from Pharaoh in a great anger. 

60,hat cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth o
79,planted not do ye eat. 
Now therefore fear the LORD, and serve him in sincerity
79,, a bridle for the ass, and a rod for the fool's back. 
Answer not a fool accor
78,they drave them heavily: so that the Egyptians said, Let us flee from the face
78, the beginning of the gospel, when I departed from Macedonia, no church commun
58,n the face of the ground, both man, and cattle, and the cr
74, of his master, and departed; for all the goods of his master were in his 
62,aim feedeth on wind, and followeth after the east wind: he dai
68,multiplied, and his branches became long because of the multitude of
64,s, and the priests shall blow with the trumpets. 
And it shall c
66,beholdeth all the sons of men. 
From the place of his habitation h
75,ernacle of the congregation therewith, and the ark of the testimony, 
And t
71,t shall not prosper in his days: for no man of his seed shall prosper, 
61, us take counsel together. 
Then I sent unto him, saying, The
70,rusteth him down, not man. 
Now he hath not directed his words against
69,e house of Arza steward of his house in Tirzah. 
And Zimri went in an
78,e ancient landmark, which thy fathers have set. 
Seest thou a man diligent in 
69,ple of none effect. 
The counsel of the LORD standeth for ever, the t
77,ood things found in thee, in that thou hast taken away the groves out of the 
69,d there will I require your offerings, and the firstfruits of your ob
78,n, immediately the leprosy departed from him, and he was cleansed. 
And he str
74,izedek king of Salem brought forth bread and wine: and he was the priest o
77, which were of the men that went to search the land, lived still. 
And Moses 
61,r than a dead lion. 
For the living know that they shall die:
70,ther's wife. 
Therefore Herodias had a quarrel against him, and would 
57,ple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in 
82,tongue. 
If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me: 
But verily 
56, my strength. 
Into thine hand I commit my spirit: thou 
78,ee: and they that have not heard shall understand. 
For which cause also I hav
60,on a woman's garment: for all that do so are abomination unt
83,reon unto the LORD thy God: 
And thou shalt offer peace offerings, and shalt eat th
74,rm: strong is thy hand, and high is thy right hand. 
Justice and judgment 
64,gh the land of Egypt: where I heard a language that I understood
64,at anger? 
Then men shall say, Because they have forsaken the co
70,. 
And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shall com
62,pany. 
And he rose up that night, and took his two wives, and 
76,ing's sons: 
And Ahithophel was the king's counsellor: and Hushai the Archit
59,. 
And this thing became a sin: for the people went to wors
68,d see: all they gather themselves together, they come to thee: thy s
58,y have taken up their lodging at Geba; Ramah is afraid; Gi
62,e goats, and dipped the coat in the blood; 
And they sent the 
61,ubdue the people under us, and the nations under our feet. 
H
79,so with silver and gold: and there was not one feeble person among their tribes
65,e king Ahasuerus give the house of Haman the Jews' enemy unto Est
59,, There is a son born to Naomi; and they called his name Ob
64,, what wilt thou do? Though thou clothest thyself with crimson, 
63,ight, and said unto him, If the men come to call thee, rise up,
78,re quenched as tow. 
Remember ye not the former things, neither consider the t
68,u hast seen, O LORD: keep not silence: O Lord, be not far from me. 

64,pass in the mean while, that the heaven was black with clouds an
62,ed for fear of the Jews, came Jesus and stood in the midst, an
82,lso are become dead to the law by the body of Christ; that ye should be married to
79,nd him not, they turned back again to Jerusalem, seeking him. 
And it came to p
79,therein are desolate: therefore the inhabitants of the earth are burned, and fe
57,ight of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of 
72,and have estranged this place, and have burned incense in it unto other 
84, my master Abraham, I pray thee, send me good speed this day, and shew kindness unto
59, arts brought their books together, and burned them before 
83,Jesus. 
On the next day much people that were come to the feast, when they heard th
79, Ishmael. 
Now the sons of Keturah, Abraham's concubine: she bare Zimran, and J
66, blessed and only Potentate, the King of kings, and Lord of lords;
79,
To an inheritance incorruptible, and undefiled, and that fadeth not away, rese
76,off before the darkness, neither hath he covered the darkness from my face. 
80,say, If the Lord will, we shall live, and do this, or that. 
But now ye rejoice 
65,out the vineyard unto keepers; every one for the fruit thereof wa
79,er this shall he turn his face unto the isles, and shall take many: but a princ
58,cording to the twelve tribes. 
And they made upon the brea
74,d: and let the angel of the LORD chase them. 
Let their way be dark and sl
61,ry and ebony. 
Syria was thy merchant by reason of the multit
71,nd their cords, and all the instruments of their service, and all that 
65,le body, and setteth on fire the course of nature; and it is set 
61, people, and tongues, stood before the throne, and before the
79, 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand toward heaven, that ther
63,reaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in de
61,not the images. 
And Jacob was wroth, and chode with Laban: a
62,lieth my wounds without cause. 
He will not suffer me to take 
81, seem to him as a deceiver; and I shall bring a curse upon me, and not a blessing
72,to death, even so might grace reign through righteousness unto eternal l
65,hould have received more; and they likewise received every man a 
61,ll kill him: and the third day he shall rise again. 
And Jame
84,ull, they then committed adultery, and assembled themselves by troops in the harlots
74, it even to the dust. 
The foot shall tread it down, even the feet of the 
80,ued with knowledge among you? let him shew out of a good conversation his works 
66,heir father's house, and their seed, whether they were of Israel: 
68,h holdeth our soul in life, and suffereth not our feet to be moved. 
83,and in purple, in scarlet, and in fine linen, and of the weaver, even of them that 
83, things which are forbidden to be done by the commandments of the LORD; though he w
69, shall behold, and not another; though my reins be consumed within me
82,han for that city. 
Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be y
83,for ever. 
Wherefore hidest thou thy face, and forgettest our affliction and our op
63,s and clods of dust; my skin is broken, and become loathsome. 

66,e upon the stones all the words of this law very plainly. 
And Mos
62, haste to the wall thereof, and the defence shall be prepared.
60,aal, and worshipped him, and provoked to anger the LORD God 
57,Which way went the Spirit of the LORD from me to speak un
82,Israel: terrors by reason of the sword shall be upon my people: smite therefore up
69,eness of sins, and inheritance among them which are sanctified by fai
79,estimony, when he went out through the land of Egypt: where I heard a language 
63,lain by the sword, though they caused their terror in the land 
65,Go, strengthen thyself, and mark, and see what thou doest: for at
78,he sons of God, even to them that believe on his name: 
Which were born, not o
80,d set him before thee, then let me bear the blame for ever: 
For except we had l
60, father of circumcision to them who are not of the circumcis
62,race and apostleship, for obedience to the faith among all nat
78, bring again their captivity, the captivity of Sodom and her daughters, and th
80,I trust in the mercy of God for ever and ever. 
I will praise thee for ever, bec
57, cubits: he set it up in the plain of Dura, in the provin
80,usands of thousands; 
Saying with a loud voice, Worthy is the Lamb that was slai
80,heritance to possess it: 
Only if thou carefully hearken unto the voice of the L
63,adulteries, fornications, murders, 
Thefts, covetousness, wicke
70,dmaid, I pray thee, speak one word unto my lord the king. And he said,
74,dge is granted unto thee; and I will give thee riches, and wealth, and hon
60, thine heart be wise, my heart shall rejoice, even mine. 
Ye
56,e synagogue on the sabbath day, and sat down. 
And after
58,ghty hand, and redeemed you out of the house of bondmen, f
79,t hand, and the other on thy left hand, in thy glory. 
But Jesus said unto them
65,meditation of my heart, be acceptable in thy sight, O LORD, my st
56, ye shall eat. 
But these are they of which ye shall not
76, I come before him with burnt offerings, with calves of a year old? 
Will th
83,e? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, 
80, said Saul unto his servants, Seek me a woman that hath a familiar spirit, that 
82,any my equals in mine own nation, being more exceedingly zealous of the traditions
76,e in the field; the one shall be taken, and the other left. 
And they answer
73, Saul and the people spared Agag, and the best of the sheep, and of the o
82,e detestable things thereof and all the abominations thereof from thence. 
And I w
60,purposed to fight against Jerusalem, 
He took counsel with h
76,lord the king, are they not all my lord's servants? why then doth my lord re
59,ship with him, and walk in darkness, we lie, and do not the
75,hey cry in his destruction. 
Did not I weep for him that was in trouble? wa
56, be a supply for their want, that their abundance also m
60,th: but I will not at this time put thee to death, because t
57,ptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence. 
When the
82,d more than any man, and his form more than the sons of men: 
So shall he sprinkle
67,g burnt sacrifices and sweet incense: the shewbread also set they i
77,and: 
But if ye refuse and rebel, ye shall be devoured with the sword: for th
70,the plague for Peor's sake. 
And it came to pass after the plague, tha
81,obles, nor to the rulers, nor to the rest that did the work. 
Then said I unto th
60, will watch over them for evil, and not for good: and all th
73,And Abraham reproved Abimelech because of a well of water, which Abimelec
59,l bring up a company upon them, and will give them to be re
64,rophesied against Jehoshaphat, saying, Because thou hast joined 
74,ith corn; they go forth, and return not unto them. 
Who hath sent out the 
77, people, lo, even he shall die in his iniquity. 
Yet say ye, Why? doth not th
73,to him, Thomas, because thou hast seen me, thou hast believed: blessed ar
72,eketh only rebellion: therefore a cruel messenger shall be sent against 
73, the righteousness of God and our Saviour Jesus Christ: 
Grace and peace 
80,rds: and that which was written was upright, even words of truth. 
The words of 
75,y. 
His sons come to honour, and he knoweth it not; and they are brought lo
68,ss; full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity; whisperers, 
Ba
79,he young man, Behold, the arrows are beyond thee; go thy way: for the LORD hath
59,, round about their habitations. 
So they did eat, and were
68,ons' with thee, by a statute for ever; as the LORD hath commanded. 

60,ondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, th
64,im Eliakim, Hilkiah's son, which was over the house, and Shebna 
57,
And it shall be for a sign unto thee upon thine hand, an
84,st among you, let him be as the younger; and he that is chief, as he that doth serve
66,sight of all the congregation of the children of Israel, who were 
78,fiedst against them by thy spirit in thy prophets: yet would they not give ear
79, go into the gates of the nobles. 
I have commanded my sanctified ones, I have 
83,r any thing that is thy neighbour's. 
These words the LORD spake unto all your asse
75,t is a plague of leprosy broken out of the boil. 
But if the priest look on
71,at escapeth the sword of Hazael shall Jehu slay: and him that escapeth 
82,h toward the east of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrates. 
And the LORD God
69,outh, shall not depart out of thy mouth, nor out of the mouth of thy 
84,ld, and brought them unto his mother Leah. Then Rachel said to Leah, Give me, I pray
61,ory unto the LORD, and declare his praise in the islands. 
Th
56,r flesh, and their dung. 
And he that burneth them shall
79, while the other is yet a great way off, he sendeth an ambassage, and desireth 
82,herefore ready also: for the Son of man cometh at an hour when ye think not. 
Then
74,Moses went and spake these words unto all Israel. 
And he said unto them, 
61,thou shalt deliver it unto him by that the sun goeth down: 
F
76,ea, the treacherous dealers have dealt very treacherously. 
Fear, and the pi
67,
Sing, O daughter of Zion; shout, O Israel; be glad and rejoice wit
57,d see Jesus. 
Philip cometh and telleth Andrew: and again
80,up, and fled: and it came to pass, as she made haste to flee, that he fell, and 
63, talked with them, and saith unto them, Be of good cheer: it is
72,e that hath planted a vineyard, and hath not yet eaten of it? let him al
62,and thou choosest the tongue of the crafty. 
Thine own mouth c
76,srael, and took some of them prisoners. 
And Israel vowed a vow unto the LOR
71,itted the oracles of God. 
For what if some did not believe? shall thei
66,shall stand up yet three kings in Persia; and the fourth shall be 
70,joice that seek the LORD. 
Seek the LORD, and his strength: seek his f
57,th the gain of oppressions, that shaketh his hands from h
72,om ye have left shall fall by the sword. 
And ye shall do as I have done
79,romote thee unto great honour; but, lo, the LORD hath kept thee back from honou
73, mouth; keep the door of my lips. 
Incline not my heart to any evil thing
63,nto the married I command, yet not I, but the Lord, Let not the
83,ake the ark of the LORD, and lay it upon the cart; and put the jewels of gold, whic
70, 
And two boards shalt thou make for the corners of the tabernacle in 
71,even unto the end of the world. Amen. 
The beginning of the gospel of J
76,us: this is the LORD; we have waited for him, we will be glad and rejoice in
57, the flame of a devouring fire, with scattering, and temp
64, idols; they worship the work of their own hands, that which the
61,aid, consider it. 
Is the seed yet in the barn? yea, as yet t
66,s written in the book of Psalms, Let his habitation be desolate, a
67,as prepared in thee in the day that thou wast created. 
Thou art th
59,ler of the people. 
For Jerusalem is ruined, and Judah is f
58,nd the LORD said unto the children of Israel, Did not I de
73,but at the things which are not seen: for the things which are seen are t
58,o travel with us with this grace, which is administered by
64,worth of bread, and give them to eat? 
He saith unto them, How m
79,e fowls from his branches: 
Nevertheless leave the stump of his roots in the ea
76, ye not hear the law? 
For it is written, that Abraham had two sons, the one
73, tent, and the silver under it. 
And they took them out of the midst of t
69,ey rebelled not against his word. 
He turned their waters into blood,
84,d the wife of the one draweth near for to deliver her husband out of the hand of him
65,g of Babylon, the Chaldean, who destroyed this house, and carried
60,tes and the Perizzites. 
But Adonibezek fled; and they pursu
63, the trees which thou knowest that they be not trees for meat, 
58,be: yea, thou shalt diligently consider his place, and it 
77,all smite the land of Egypt, and deliver such as are for death to death; and 
57,d save the LORD? or who is a rock save our God? 
It is Go
58,: Jeconiah his son, Zedekiah his son. 
And the sons of Jec
56,t begat her, and he that strengthened her in these times
70,nd I will make an everlasting covenant with them, that I will not turn
71,, and came into his own city. 
And, behold, they brought to him a man s
70,an see thee which hast knowledge sit at meat in the idol's temple, sha
69, deal with me. 
Behold, I build an house to the name of the LORD my G
58,st? 
Now both the chief priests and the Pharisees had give
79,n he shot forth. 
All the fowls of heaven made their nests in his boughs, and u
81,s and worshipped. 
Then Hezekiah answered and said, Now ye have consecrated yours
67,one shall be broken; but on whomsoever it shall fall, it will grind
79, evil of your doings, and because of the abominations which ye have committed; 
63,es, your tithes, and the heave offering of your hand, and all y
72,vy upon thee. 
Surely thou hast spoken in mine hearing, and I have heard
59,children of Israel for ever, and my holy name, shall the ho
71,rstood not the saying which he spake unto them. 
And he went down with 
60,hat ye shall receive no more reproach of famine among the he
56,urned with fire; and their wives, and their sons, and th
68,as left to him. 
Therefore neither the priests of Dagon, nor any tha
75,e, they were let go in peace from the brethren unto the apostles. 
Notwiths
68,t sitteth in judgment, and for strength to them that turn the battle
56,u in heaven thy dwelling place, and forgive, and do, and
78,ccomplish a diligent search: both the inward thought of every one of them, and
82, her, and said, Bring me, I pray thee, a morsel of bread in thine hand. 
And she s
57, day: and not to me only, but unto all them also that lov
59, thou standest is holy ground. 
Moreover he said, I am the 
67,cupiscence, even as the Gentiles which know not God: 
That no man g
76,in Ramah, having his spear in his hand, and all his servants were standing a
68,th with her bars was about me for ever: yet hast thou brought up my 
68,ly oppressed and crushed alway: 
So that thou shalt be mad for the s
64,Shechem, that we should serve him? is not he the son of Jerubbaa
60,And Isaac came from the way of the well Lahairoi; for he dwe
76,se he knoweth that he hath but a short time. 
And when the dragon saw that h
77,venger of blood shall slay the murderer, when he meeteth him. 
But if he thru
58,ing that was under his hand; because the LORD was with him
79, man shall pronounce with an oath, and it be hid from him; when he knoweth of i
64,red out. 
And I will bring you into the wilderness of the people
66,oul loveth: I sought him, but I found him not. 
I will rise now, a
65,ves to find the door. 
And the men said unto Lot, Hast thou here 
58,n it of them. But Jonah was gone down into the sides of th
61,d also Rachel more than Leah, and served with him yet seven o
71,ose: and thou shalt turn in the morning, and go unto thy tents. 
Six da
80, before the oblation of the holy portion, and before the possession of the city,
76, melteth them: he causeth his wind to blow, and the waters flow. 
He sheweth
82,ls. But they said, We will not walk therein. 
Also I set watchmen over you, saying
63,r he went. 
And David took the shields of gold that were on the
71,nd the barren womb; the earth that is not filled with water; and the fi
78, thy strength, O Zion; put on thy beautiful garments, O Jerusalem, the holy ci
56,oyal which is set upon his head: 
And let this apparel a
58,g from the heart words of falsehood. 
And judgment is turn
82,hall feed them: and they shall fear no more, nor be dismayed, neither shall they b
65,among them, when thou numberest them. 
This they shall give, ever
68,nd have not rather mourned, that he that hath done this deed might b
83,acrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams. 
For rebellion is as the sin of witc
67,nto him, Take away all iniquity, and receive us graciously: so will
80,p to meet her, and bowed himself unto her, and sat down on his throne, and cause
83,the host of heaven, and have poured out drink offerings unto other gods. 
Then came
82,ent. 
And they fell upon their faces, and said, O God, the God of the spirits of a
64,ble to stand before you: for the LORD your God shall lay the fea
62,and children's children, and ye shall have remained long in th
68,e thither, that he may live: Whoso killeth his neighbour ignorantly,
80,ed over Penuel the sun rose upon him, and he halted upon his thigh. 
Therefore t
65,ers of the city in the gate: 
And the damsel's father shall say u
82,he days that thou shalt lie upon thy side, three hundred and ninety days shalt tho
59,cording to the blessing of the LORD thy God which he hath g
61,t fear him: he will ever be mindful of his covenant. 
He hath
73,communed with me said unto me, Cry thou, saying, Thus saith the LORD of h
74,w? or what profit is there of circumcision? 
Much every way: chiefly, beca
82,nd he made a release to the provinces, and gave gifts, according to the state of t
79,unto him, Oh let not the LORD be angry, and I will speak: Peradventure there sh
58, they went up on the breadth of the earth, and compassed t
66,of the Amorites, Hittites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites, whi
77,cities of Judah; and, behold, this day they are a desolation, and no man dwel
63,and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean t
72,en unto Ithiel and Ucal, 
Surely I am more brutish than any man, and hav
83,m took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their substance that they
66,m; for he careth for you. 
Be sober, be vigilant; because your adv
67,. So the men sat down, in number about five thousand. 
And Jesus to
81,hen as they were come to land, they saw a fire of coals there, and fish laid ther
57,, in thy mouth, and in thy heart, that thou mayest do it.
84,hee in righteousness, and will hold thine hand, and will keep thee, and give thee fo
69,reth; then he would answer him, Nay; but thou shalt give it me now: a
68, Israel. 
When the LORD turned again the captivity of Zion, we were 
66,hen said we unto them after this manner, What are the names of the
59,ine unto this day? was I ever wont to do so unto thee? and 
59, the mischief of their own lips cover them. 
Let burning co
62, 
But all the women children, that have not known a man by lyi
75,aith the LORD of hosts. 
And all nations shall call you blessed: for ye sha
68,el, and presenting my supplication before the LORD my God for the ho
76, shewed her people nor her kindred: for Mordecai had charged her that she sh
79,gave thee; and I will cause thee to serve thine enemies in the land which thou 
67,, sitting over against the sepulchre. 
Now the next day, that follo
81,vid knew it not. 
And when Abner was returned to Hebron, Joab took him aside in t
80, the murderer shall surely be put to death. 
And if he smite him with throwing a
70, wind. 
By this therefore shall the iniquity of Jacob be purged; and t
69,ll not profit this people at all, saith the LORD. 
And when this peop
71,. 
And Abner said again to Asahel, Turn thee aside from following me: w
79,mighty God, even the LORD, hath spoken, and called the earth from the rising of
68,ht, and he maketh them to stagger like a drunken man. 
Lo, mine eye 
78,g to the oaths of the tribes, even thy word. Selah. Thou didst cleave the eart
56,
For how can the servant of this my lord talk with this 
69,aam the son of Beor hath said, and the man whose eyes are open hath s
57,ud for joy. 
There will I make the horn of David to bud: 
82,all call upon me, and I will answer him: I will be with him in trouble; I will del
69, men of Bethazmaveth, forty and two. 
The men of Kirjathjearim, Cheph
60,en Paul's sister's son heard of their lying in wait, he went
75, false witness, blasphemies: 
These are the things which defile a man: but 
68,is stead. 
And Samlah died, and Saul of Rehoboth by the river reigne
78, it came to pass, when Ben-hadad heard this message, as he was drinking, he an
77,s not he that can do any thing against you. 
Then took they Jeremiah, and cas
73,them of John the Baptist. 
And when they were come to the multitude, ther
61,ave the gates of death been opened unto thee? or hast thou se
