1000
66,The blessing of the LORD be upon you: we bless you in the name of 
70,ngled themselves with the people of those lands: yea, the hand of the 
58,nd the pattern of all the instruments thereof, even so sha
76,n him the seed of Abraham. 
Wherefore in all things it behoved him to be mad
63,ife, shall appear, then shall ye also appear with him in glory.
75, seeing the root of the matter is found in me? 
Be ye afraid of the sword: 
72,he rent is made worse. 
And no man putteth new wine into old bottles: el
75, and to bring her again, having his servant with him, and a couple of asses
77, and thine oil. 
And I will send grass in thy fields for thy cattle, that tho
66, cannot be eaten, they are so evil; surely thus saith the LORD, So
81,ee, that he fell, and became lame. And his name was Mephibosheth. 
And the sons o
73,the LORD shall be as the fat of lambs: they shall consume; into smoke sha
71,ny more. 
Then said she, I pray thee, let the king remember the LORD th
74,hast consumed us, because of our iniquities. 
But now, O LORD, thou art ou
59,cities they be that they dwell in, whether in tents, or in 
57,rned not when they went. 
As for the likeness of the livi
57,Baruch wrote at the mouth of Jeremiah, saying, 
Take thee
76,tread shall be yours: from the wilderness and Lebanon, from the river, the r
58, 
And they also, if they abide not still in unbelief, shal
63,hings which are little upon the earth, but they are exceeding w
57,lso he went down and slew a lion in a pit in a snowy day.
77,the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit. 
Be not hasty in th
82,the son of Eliashib the high priest, was son in law to Sanballat the Horonite: the
62,n heart. 
But as for me, my feet were almost gone; my steps ha
84,that David had done displeased the LORD. 
And the LORD sent Nathan unto David. And h
64,ut murmurings and disputings: 
That ye may be blameless and harm
56,ir enemies with the stroke of the sword, and slaughter, 
67,g water, and dry ground into watersprings. 
And there he maketh the
73,ve all we received, and grace for grace. 
For the law was given by Moses,
60, and Uzal, and Diklah, 
And Ebal, and Abimael, and Sheba, 
A
81,D: but thy life will I give unto thee for a prey in all places whither thou goest
65, 
And he blessed Joseph, and said, God, before whom my fathers Ab
68,the spirit, when he had passed through Macedonia and Achaia, to go t
78,, and were filled. 
And they took up twelve baskets full of the fragments, and
60,t. 
Love ye therefore the stranger: for ye were strangers in
80,nd unleavened bread, and cakes unleavened tempered with oil, and wafers unleaven
75,ar, and they drink the wine of the condemned in the house of their god. 
Ye
62, which is for the sin offering first, and wring off his head f
67, from our enemies, and from the hand of all that hate us; 
To perfo
75, of three years thou shalt bring forth all the tithe of thine increase the 
68,nts. 
I will keep thy statutes: O forsake me not utterly. 
Wherewith
83,offerings; and I will accept you, saith the Lord GOD. 
Then he brought me back the 
80, they will increase unto more ungodliness. 
And their word will eat as doth a ca
76,oly hill; for the LORD our God is holy. 
Make a joyful noise unto the LORD, 
58,thren the children of Israel, ye shall not rule one over a
73,ll bring out the bones of the kings of Judah, and the bones of his prince
57,n vision. 
And it came to pass at that time, when Eli was
73,e, but he hath broken me asunder: he hath also taken me by my neck, and s
83,thy people still are talking against thee by the walls and in the doors of the hous
76,nto Israel in his days. 
He shall build an house for my name; and he shall b
58,eir foreheads: 
And that no man might buy or sell, save he
76,or many bare false witness against him, but their witness agreed not togethe
71,up thy rod, and stretch out thine hand over the sea, and divide it: and
78,her, from the east side even unto the west side, a portion for Naphtali. 
And 
57,hel, Give counsel among you what we shall do. 
And Ahitho
78,e Gershonites; Joah the son of Zimmah, and Eden the son of Joah: 
And of the s
66,and wine, and set him on his own beast, and brought him to an inn,
74, he did for you in Egypt before your eyes; 
And in the wilderness, where t
78,th thee. 
Take thou no usury of him, or increase: but fear thy God; that thy b
59,rd very precious; and she brake the box, and poured it on h
82,hine eyes did see my substance, yet being unperfect; and in thy book all my member
62,it of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throug
66, therefore of this thy wickedness, and pray God, if perhaps the th
61,d fro to seek the word of the LORD, and shall not find it. 
I
60,ve robbed me: but I have not forgotten thy law. 
At midnight
80,, and blessed them. 
And it came to pass, while he blessed them, he was parted f
60,windows, shewing himself through the lattice. 
My beloved sp
76, his children be multiplied, it is for the sword: and his offspring shall no
61,d five on the left. 
He made also ten tables, and placed them
57,e three years. 
And the soul of king David longed to go f
81,e Jews therefore knew that he was there: and they came not for Jesus' sake only, 
60,ll know the uttermost of your matter. 
And he commanded a ce
84,ry tribe a man. 
And it shall come to pass, as soon as the soles of the feet of the 
82, soul, he shall be chief and captain. Wherefore they said, The blind and the lame 
72,ransgress; at Gilgal multiply transgression; and bring your sacrifices e
56,e than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was ri
68,tribe for my servant David's sake, and for Jerusalem's sake, the cit
81,which is your own? 
No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the
57,nd their men, heard that the king of Babylon had made Ged
80,o him again. 
In like manner shalt thou do with his ass; and so shalt thou do wi
67,thou hast taken usury and increase, and thou hast greedily gained o
60,needy, now will I arise, saith the LORD; I will set him in s
83,ersaries from the LORD, and of them that speak evil against my soul. 
But do thou f
74,n become a desolation among the nations! 
I have laid a snare for thee, an
78,s defence unto the people. 
But when they knew that he was a Jew, all with one
59,d prepared in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite. 
An
83,it to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob; and I will give it you for an heritage: I am
66,at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the He
70,ealed them with his seal, and sent the letters unto the elders and to 
66,e gathered together, and let the people be assembled: who among th
84,as none like it, nor shall be like it any more. 
But against any of the children of 
83,rely do it unto all this evil congregation, that are gathered together against me: 
73,and from the altar, saying, Lay hold on him. And his hand, which he put f
61,s, and the height of it thirty cubits. 
A window shalt thou m
73,ain we can carry nothing out. 
And having food and raiment let us be ther
63,red unto him. 
The way of a fool is right in his own eyes: but 
60,ounced against this people. 
And Baruch the son of Neriah di
62, When the son hath done that which is lawful and right, and ha
77,ncy? 
For from Israel was it also: the workman made it; therefore it is not G
83,h gather her brood under her wings, and ye would not! 
Behold, your house is left u
56,th the Lord GOD; Are ye polluted after the manner of you
73, his strength; the right of the firstborn is his. 
If a man have a stubbo
57,hall send forth his mercy and his truth. 
My soul is amon
65,non sent to the cedar that was in Lebanon, saying, Give thy daugh
82, he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand years should be fulfille
56,as the king exceedingly glad for him, and commanded that
78,ndred and fifty, and the prophets of the groves four hundred, which eat at Jez
64, in law, Blessed be he of the LORD, who hath not left off his ki
78,the children of Ammon; and when I called you, ye delivered me not out of their
68, the famine, and by the pestilence, in the place whither ye desire t
83,born blind. 
If this man were not of God, he could do nothing. 
They answered and s
58, cry, ye daughters of Rabbah, gird you with sackcloth; lam
71,rments are motheaten. 
Your gold and silver is cankered; and the rust o
81,days. 
And Joseph said unto them the third day, This do, and live; for I fear God
82,rs should teach wisdom. 
But there is a spirit in man: and the inspiration of the 
62, of Ocran, prince of the children of Asher, offered: 
His offe
65,a blessing this day. 
And it came to pass on the morrow, that Mos
72,e forth out of one land: and choose thou a place, choose it at the head 
70, good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit. 
A good tre
65,f Jordan, and the soles of the priests' feet were lifted up unto 
64,atherless, and him that had none to help him. 
The blessing of h
56,e cities of the south: for I will cause their captivity 
56, very far off from thee, which are not of the cities of 
80,ay at evening, being the first day of the week, when the doors were shut where t
61,ch us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths: for out of 
81,Because it shut not up the doors of my mother's womb, nor hid sorrow from mine ey
66,s upon the thick trees. 
But now they break down the carved work t
74,ith the Philistines, where Elhanan the son of Jaareoregim, a Bethlehemite,
64,t hand of God. 
And they went forth, and preached every where, t
73,ice, nor abase himself for the noise of them: so shall the LORD of hosts 
79,the hand of the Chaldeans, and into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon,
79,he thought thereon, he wept. 
And straightway in the morning the chief priests 
66,erlains: therefore was the king very wroth, and his anger burned i
62,Holy One of Israel is our king. 
Then thou spakest in vision t
84,rifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous, God testifying
83,f that sheep, than of the ninety and nine which went not astray. 
Even so it is not
65,au the father of the Edomites in mount Seir: 
These are the names
56,gh thou wouldest needs be gone, because thou sore longed
83, thou stand against the blood of thy neighbour; I am the LORD. 
Thou shalt not hate
58,lene came and told the disciples that she had seen the LOR
79,at he may dwell among them. 
And if the avenger of blood pursue after him, then
76,lieved, being astonished at the doctrine of the Lord. 
Now when Paul and his
75,put her away. 
And Jesus answered and said unto them, For the hardness of y
78,teousness, I declare things that are right. 
Assemble yourselves and come; dra
65,he sons of Hashem the Gizonite, Jonathan the son of Shage the Har
72,to thee, Wherefore approached ye so nigh unto the city when ye did fight
82,od underneath, toward the forepart thereof, over against the other coupling thereo
75,visions and offences contrary to the doctrine which ye have learned; and av
68,children of Hatipha. 
The children of Solomon's servants: the childr
71,
Hear instruction, and be wise, and refuse it not. 
Blessed is the man 
81,laces of the paths. 
She crieth at the gates, at the entry of the city, at the co
66,n the assembly of the mockers, nor rejoiced; I sat alone because o
81, generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to t
62,d he hath on his vesture and on his thigh a name written, KING
82, God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. 
Do all thi
68,d goeth from him; 
Or whosoever toucheth any creeping thing, whereby
76,om the one end of the earth even unto the other end of the earth; 
Thou shal
73,wear unto me by God, that thou wilt neither kill me, nor deliver me into 
82,the LORD appeared unto Abram, and said, Unto thy seed will I give this land: and t
69,, Manasseh, and Shimei. 
Of the sons of Bani; Maadai, Amram, and Uel,
61,ren of Ammon made war against Israel, the elders of Gilead we
78,f the city of his refuge, and the revenger of blood kill the slayer; he shall 
79, live. 
Thus saith the LORD, This city shall surely be given into the hand of t
79, kingdom of God. 
And it came to pass about an eight days after these sayings, 
70,hether he would go to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these matters.
66,nd the children of the east were gathered together, and went over,
72,rn in the land of Egypt, from the firstborn of Pharaoh that sat on his t
84,nor was wont to release unto the people a prisoner, whom they would. 
And they had t
71, strong refuge. 
Let my mouth be filled with thy praise and with thy ho
76,hudi the son of Nethaniah, the son of Shelemiah, the son of Cushi, unto Baru
62,ry wroth against us. 
Now it came to pass in the thirtieth yea
73,d. 
So Abram departed, as the LORD had spoken unto him; and Lot went with
84,pour upon them mine indignation, even all my fierce anger: for all the earth shall b
77,what the king said unto thee: 
Then thou shalt say unto them, I presented my 
56,sobedient, the stone which the builders disallowed, the 
80,es, except it be that I myself was not burdensome to you? forgive me this wrong.
75, statutes, which I command thee this day: 
Lest when thou hast eaten and ar
56, they refuse to do judgment. 
The way of man is froward 
70,even angels came out of the temple, having the seven plagues, clothed 
68,the head of every stature to hunt souls! Will ye hunt the souls of m
61,e habitation of the just. 
Surely he scorneth the scorners: b
79, youth, and as in the day when she came up out of the land of Egypt. 
And it sh
76,tion: the residue of my people shall spoil them, and the remnant of my peopl
73,ke an end of me. 
I reckoned till morning, that, as a lion, so will he br
76,e went over a ferry boat to carry over the king's household, and to do what 
67,ll go into the lower parts of the earth. 
They shall fall by the sw
60,outhful lusts: but follow righteousness, faith, charity, pea
64, Behold, I will bring evil upon this place, the which whosoever 
82,hou shalt not understand; 
A nation of fierce countenance, which shall not regard 
77,rth, and bowed himself. 
And David said to Saul, Wherefore hearest thou men's
74,hee with the dew of heaven, and seven times shall pass over thee, till tho
80, temple, and buildest it in three days, save thyself. If thou be the Son of God,
73,tabernacle of the congregation, 
Even those that were numbered of them, t
70,ands unto iniquity. 
Do good, O LORD, unto those that be good, and to 
75,o bear in my bosom the reproach of all the mighty people; 
Wherewith thine 
72,ndred, and which spake unto me, and that sware unto me, saying, Unto thy
60,D said, Behold, there is a place by me, and thou shalt stand
56,hou shalt gather it to thee; and it shall be for food fo
81,phesieth of the times that are far off. 
Therefore say unto them, Thus saith the 
79,is own accord: and they went out, and passed on through one street; and forthwi
75,ealth, and behold trouble! 
The snorting of his horses was heard from Dan: 
62,ert of Zin, in the strife of the congregation, to sanctify me 
74,amuel rose early to meet Saul in the morning, it was told Samuel, saying, 
67, made the incense altar of shittim wood: the length of it was a cub
83,r asked him, saying, Good Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life? 
And Jes
61,n they had eaten up the corn which they had brought out of Eg
67,salem, and brake down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephrai
65,ab: 
And she said, I pray you, let me glean and gather after the 
81,us: but by thee only will we make mention of thy name. 
They are dead, they shall
79,ing to all that I have commanded thee. 
A sound of battle is in the land, and o
61,hout murmurings and disputings: 
That ye may be blameless and
59,s. 
Let not the waterflood overflow me, neither let the dee
69, are in the valley of Jiphthahel: 
And Kattath, and Nahallal, and Shi
74,m, to appoint captains, to open the mouth in the slaughter, to lift up the
69,nd so were the churches established in the faith, and increased in nu
74,the staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold. 
And thou shalt pu
57,e heads of the house of Jacob, and princes of the house o
59, make thy foes thy footstool. 
Therefore let all the house 
79,ow when he had left speaking, he said unto Simon, Launch out into the deep, and
63,ned his mouth, and said, Of a truth I perceive that God is no r
73,ng of a tenth deal of flour mingled with the fourth part of an hin of oil
79,aith the LORD God of Israel; Behold, I will turn back the weapons of war that a
61,But if he thrust him suddenly without enmity, or have cast up
75,this life, and whose belly thou fillest with thy hid treasure: they are ful
67,im by himself, and for them by themselves, and for the Egyptians, w
56,, 
Which did eat the fat of their sacrifices, and drank 
72,as thou has been forsaken and hated, so that no man went through thee, I
65,e those servants, whom the lord when he cometh shall find watchin
84, his mouth: and all the fowls were filled with their flesh. 
And I saw an angel come
58,hour we both hunger, and thirst, and are naked, and are bu
79,nd of my servant David I will save my people Israel out of the hand of the Phil
77,thy high and fenced walls come down, wherein thou trustedst, throughout all t
56,red and thirty years: few and evil have the days of the 
72, I not conceal. 
Behold, all ye yourselves have seen it; why then are ye
65, queen and to Mordecai the Jew, Behold, I have given Esther the h
57,he hath not grieved me, but in part: that I may not overc
75,t, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, they shall deliver neither sons nor daugh
65, thy sleep? 
Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little foldi
67,f Aphik, nor of Rehob: 
But the Asherites dwelt among the Canaanite
65,th a fountain send forth at the same place sweet water and bitter
69,ation all the day. 
Thou through thy commandments hast made me wiser 
70,d thou shalt put into the ark the testimony which I shall give thee. 

61,muel said, Hath the LORD as great delight in burnt offerings 
78, 
And over the host of the tribe of the children of Naphtali was Ahira the son
62,is son, which was given him in mount Ephraim. 
Now after the d
57,d year by year continually make the comers thereunto perf
56,t they also, whom thou hast given me, be with me where I
82,! for I am undone; because I am a man of unclean lips, and I dwell in the midst of
65,, even fourscore men, having their beards shaven, and their cloth
72, that hath planted a vineyard, and hath not yet eaten of it? let him als
76,will search Jerusalem with candles, and punish the men that are settled on t
84,
They have wandered as blind men in the streets, they have polluted themselves with 
81,lp me, O Lord my salvation. 
I said, I will take heed to my ways, that I sin not 
83,David. 
Now there was a certain man of Ramathaimzophim, of mount Ephraim, and his n
84,es, and covered himself with sackcloth, and went into the house of the LORD. 
And he
70,, when Rehoboam had established the kingdom, and had strengthened hims
57,t breathed, as the LORD God of Israel commanded. 
And Jos
83,
And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they were naked; and the
72,eward. 
But when thou doest alms, let not thy left hand know what thy ri
80,come of Jacob to take root: Israel shall blossom and bud, and fill the face of t
56,s of the house of Israel: 
Thus saith the LORD, What ini
71,, and all deep places. 
He causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends 
58,skin of his flesh like the plague of leprosy; then he shal
77,hy talent in the earth: lo, there thou hast that is thine. 
His lord answered
73,h. 
And he killed James the brother of John with the sword. 
And because 
69,unto none of them was Elias sent, save unto Sarepta, a city of Sidon,
66,ore than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. Amen. 
For this cau
67,ye have made our savour to be abhorred in the eyes of Pharaoh, and 
60,wicked bend their bow, they make ready their arrow upon the 
63,of shittim wood: the length of it was a cubit, and the breadth 
56,ll this house with glory, saith the LORD of hosts. 
The 
65, casteth into a deep sleep; and an idle soul shall suffer hunger.
69,said, It is the man of God, who was disobedient unto the word of the 
57,hose tidings, and his anger was kindled greatly. 
And he 
67,now all the fowls of the mountains: and the wild beasts of the fiel
71,rembleth: he toucheth the hills, and they smoke. 
I will sing unto the 
70,sciple that he be as his master, and the servant as his lord. If they 
80,o David reigned over all Israel, and executed judgment and justice among all his
62, sailed away from Philippi after the days of unleavened bread,
76,ye do, and profane the sabbath day? 
Did not your fathers thus, and did not 
66,l be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets. And he said,
72,of others that sat down with them. 
But their scribes and Pharisees murm
57,f my vows? 
Give not thy strength unto women, nor thy way
75,ht them forth out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondmen, saying
84,t dwelt in Jerusalem to give the portion of the priests and the Levites, that they m
57,ave trodden? 
Which were cut down out of time, whose foun
59,lah, Hear my voice; ye wives of Lamech, hearken unto my spe
70,amp of the wicked shall be put out. 
Only by pride cometh contention: 
57,r the LORD dwelleth in Zion. 
The words of Amos, who was 
57,t his way, and communed with the chief priests and captai
81,at he had. 
And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the
64,e upon the fire before the LORD, that the cloud of the incense m
57,s the same? 
And if ye salute your brethren only, what do
74,s of it. Selah. 
I said unto the fools, Deal not foolishly: and to the wic
69,children within thee; and they shall not leave in thee one stone upon
79,they lay with the women that assembled at the door of the tabernacle of the con
83, I am the first and the last: 
I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am
62,hy kingdom; and their laws are diverse from all people; neithe
56,e time in the field, saith the LORD of hosts. 
And all n
81, Galatia: 
Grace be to you and peace from God the Father, and from our Lord Jesus
63,ed strangers, and after them will I go. 
As the thief is ashame
59,hem with flatteries. 
And some of them of understanding sha
56,, and worshipped them, either the sun, or moon, or any o
75, the whole lump. 
I have confidence in you through the Lord, that ye will b
81, shall be dark in his tabernacle, and his candle shall be put out with him. 
The 
84, 
Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say, Rejoice. 
Let your moderation be known
76,d heart are like a potsherd covered with silver dross. 
He that hateth disse
79,ught to destroy the land: and they shall draw their swords against Egypt, and f
59,t thou here, Elijah? 
And he said, I have been very jealous
77, him, Of strangers. Jesus saith unto him, Then are the children free. 
Notwit
62,Because the carnal mind is enmity against God: for it is not s
58,s to see? A reed shaken with the wind? 
But what went ye o
65,rstandeth him; howbeit in the spirit he speaketh mysteries. 
But 
80,ead; trouble not the Master. 
But when Jesus heard it, he answered him, saying, 
83,Unto the men of the east with the Ammonites, and will give them in possession, that
77,hall know that I am the LORD. 
Thus will I accomplish my wrath upon the wall,
75,s at hand; it shall come as a destruction from the Almighty. 
Therefore sha
72,or David in times past to be king over you: 
Now then do it: for the LOR
61,. 
All these are the twelve tribes of Israel: and this is it 
61, thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son
58,gs, he cried, He that hath ears to hear, let him hear. 
An
71, saying, Ease somewhat the yoke that thy father did put upon us? 
And t
68,h. 
He shall subdue the people under us, and the nations under our f
62,st, and it hath been testified to his owner, and he hath not k
84,e; and he said, I have sinned against the LORD your God, and against you. 
Now there
80,vershadow thee: therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall
82,de and on the other side, an hundred cubits, with the inner temple, and the porche
79,to Saul: and Saul said unto him, Blessed be thou of the LORD: I have performed 
83, Satan? 
And if a kingdom be divided against itself, that kingdom cannot stand. 
An
63,things are covered, lest they die. 
And the LORD spake unto Mos
58,with a psaltery, and a tabret, and a pipe, and a harp, bef
58,ell in Zion at Jerusalem: thou shalt weep no more: he will
72, tread down the people in mine anger, and make them drunk in my fury, an
81,d to mourning, and your joy to heaviness. 
Humble yourselves in the sight of the 
56, the son of thine handmaid. 
Shew me a token for good; t
71,il. 
And the very God of peace sanctify you wholly; and I pray God your
83, abroad among the brethren, that that disciple should not die: yet Jesus said not u
72,of pure gold, and put the bells between the pomegranates upon the hem of
73,n of Medeba unto Dibon; 
And all the cities of Sihon king of the Amorites
73,Judah join himself with Ahaziah king of Israel, who did very wickedly: 
A
69,and built a city, and called the name thereof Luz: which is the name 
61,irst sign, that they will believe the voice of the latter sig
79, he was yet alive, After three days I will rise again. 
Command therefore that 
73,erefore, and be doing, and the LORD be with thee. 
David also commanded a
74,st which the stream did beat vehemently, and immediately it fell; and the 
66,re he begat two sons. 
And when forty years were expired, there ap
64,d if, when the priest seeth it, behold, it be in sight lower tha
82,s mine, and that all Israel set their faces on me, that I should reign: howbeit th
70,ind. 
And he made darkness pavilions round about him, dark waters, and
56,oked on the Kenites, and took up his parable, and said, 
71,shorn, which came up from the washing; whereof every one bear twins, an
56,sings in heavenly places in Christ: 
According as he hat
79,at thou requirest: for all the city of my people doth know that thou art a virt
71,clothed, and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear; and anoint 
65, of the work threescore and one thousand drams of gold, and five 
67,mbly unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and they 
77,oken in secret, in a dark place of the earth: I said not unto the seed of Jac
81, of the horsemen, and all that Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem, and in Leba
72,ke me to anger, and hast cast me behind thy back: 
Therefore, behold, I 
56,the number put in the account of the chronicles of king 
77,A bloody husband thou art, because of the circumcision. 
And the LORD said to
65,el and the children of Judah were oppressed together: and all tha
70,th a running issue out of his flesh, because of his issue he is unclea
56, house, tread on the threshold of Dagon in Ashdod unto t
68,tion; on thee do I wait all the day. 
Remember, O LORD, thy tender m
82,us, that might lay his hand upon us both. 
Let him take his rod away from me, and 
57,ice with it. 
Now ye are the body of Christ, and members 
60,ey sat down, and did eat and drink both of them together: fo
61, ashamed: and, behold, he opened not the doors of the parlour
75,ut this time I will cause it to rain a very grievous hail, such as hath not
56,m go forth. 
And it shall come to pass, if they say unto
56,en in the oven, it shall be unleavened cakes of fine flo
73,l his mighty men, and all the princes, heard his words, the king sought t
56, of God. 
If any man speak, let him speak as the oracles
78,all ye speak unto Esau, when ye find him. 
And say ye moreover, Behold, thy se
70,
My son, walk not thou in the way with them; refrain thy foot from the
66,goats, according to the number of the tribes of Israel. 
And they 
76,lling of his brethren. 
And the men of Shechem set liers in wait for him in 
70, Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if a
71,l the day that I rise up to the prey: for my determination is to gather
61,and because thou hast been afflicted in all wherein my father
66, vineyard, What shall I do? I will send my beloved son: it may be 
78,e blood of the Lamb. 
Therefore are they before the throne of God, and serve h
70,ons, upon one stone: notwithstanding yet Jotham the youngest son of Je
66,the drink offering is withholden from the house of your God. 
Sanc
68,on: they brought him into holds, that his voice should no more be he
61,the five sons of Michal the daughter of Saul, whom she brough
80,) 
For our conversation is in heaven; from whence also we look for the Saviour, 
77,f Egypt said unto them, Wherefore do ye, Moses and Aaron, let the people from
59,ncleanness: and she returned unto her house. 
And the woman
80,the staves into the rings on the sides of the altar, to bear it withal; he made 
69,hildren of Reuben according to the house of their fathers, and the tr
82,all the people shall be in the courts of the house of the LORD. 
But let none come
77,ll be five in one house divided, three against two, and two against three. 
T
72,'s armour compassed about and smote Absalom, and slew him. 
And Joab ble
78,rth for their iniquity: the earth also shall disclose her blood, and shall no 
59, thence, and departed into the coasts of Tyre and Sidon. 
A
76, and they shall deal furiously with thee: they shall take away thy nose and 
58,e son of Saul. 
But the king took the two sons of Rizpah t
79,nt: and as many as touched him were made whole. 
Then came together unto him th
66,
Enquire, I pray thee, of the LORD for us; for Nebuchadrezzar king
79,were opened; and many bodies of the saints which slept arose, 
And came out of 
80,efore, behold, the days come, that I will do judgment upon the graven images of 
71,m, when they heard that the Philistines fled, even they also followed h
69,alt diligently consider his place, and it shall not be. 
But the meek
79,y give him, and not exceed: lest, if he should exceed, and beat him above these
84,shall be saved. 
And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world f
61,reknowledge of God, ye have taken, and by wicked hands have c
59,cob shall not now be ashamed, neither shall his face now wa
77,ally before thee, and that hear thy wisdom. 
Blessed be the LORD thy God, whi
81,ong, and one reed broad; and between the little chambers were five cubits; and th
60, had delivered him out of the hand of all his enemies, and o
66,or I the LORD do sanctify them. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, sa
72,n the earth unto this day. And he turned himself, and went out from Phar
79, men which belonged to David, were not with Adonijah. 
And Adonijah slew sheep 
80,; 
He seeing this before spake of the resurrection of Christ, that his soul was 
56,in himself to die, and said, It is better for me to die 
60,espised him, and brought no presents. But he held his peace.
84, and Kirjathsannah, which is Debir, 
And Anab, and Eshtemoh, and Anim, 
And Goshen, 
60, his glory. 
Confounded be all they that serve graven images
57,f so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any m
60,
Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any like
74,he roots. 
He cutteth out rivers among the rocks; and his eye seeth every 
66,y person. 
And Abigail came to Nabal; and, behold, he held a feast
75,t all those that put their trust in thee rejoice: let them ever shout for j
80, And, behold, thou sawest him, and why didst thou not smite him there to the gro
64,. 
For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels,
83, imagine against me. 
For ye say, Where is the house of the prince? and where are t
65,ant betwixt me and you. 
And he that is eight days old shall be c
57,a liar like unto you: but I know him, and keep his saying
64,to Jedaiah, 
The third to Harim, the fourth to Seorim, 
The fift
76, in thy pouring out of thy fury upon Jerusalem? 
Then said he unto me, The i
63,cks. 
Also they have shut up the doors of the porch, and put ou
73,road in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us. 
For when we
63,is escaped? And Michal answered Saul, He said unto me, Let me g
80,a mouth that spake very great things, whose look was more stout than his fellows
59,hen, Hath God cast away his people? God forbid. For I also 
70,f their enemies: so fell they all by the sword. 
According to their un
70,aith in Christ Jesus, and of the love which ye have to all the saints,
82,on him: for they said, He is beside himself. 
And the scribes which came down from
74,rth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat 
60,that he himself had dedicated, silver, and gold, and vessels
83,oth are abomination to the LORD. 
Wherefore is there a price in the hand of a fool 
64,heir place is not known where they are. 
Thy shepherds slumber, 
78, and Israel. 
The sons of Esau; Eliphaz, Reuel, and Jeush, and Jaalam, and Kor
79,thout a cause? 
And Saul hearkened unto the voice of Jonathan: and Saul sware, 
83,ah went to meet Ahab, and told him: and Ahab went to meet Elijah. 
And it came to p
80,so went in after the blade; and the fat closed upon the blade, so that he could 
58,air jewels. 
Thus will I make thy lewdness to cease from t
82,be taken from the inheritance of our fathers, and shall be put to the inheritance 
82,r his kingdom was lifted up on high, because of his people Israel. 
And David took
58,, of good behaviour, given to hospitality, apt to teach; 

69,mother's son. 
These things hast thou done, and I kept silence; thou 
70,aoh's house, saying, Joseph's brethren are come: and it pleased Pharao
80, the man did as Joseph bade; and the man brought the men into Joseph's house. 
A
81,hence am I: and I went to Bethlehemjudah, but I am now going to the house of the 
65,the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according
80,apart; the family of the house of David apart, and their wives apart; the family
72,of glory? The LORD of hosts, he is the King of glory. Selah. 
Unto thee,
62, Judah and upon all the inhabitants of Jerusalem all the evil 
60,n is: which keepeth truth for ever: 
Which executeth judgmen
60,, strengthen thyself, and mark, and see what thou doest: for
63,rsoever the spirit was to go, they went, thither was their spir
57,hich he deceived them that had received the mark of the b
59,navel, and marrow to thy bones. 
Honour the LORD with thy s
67, unto a land not inhabited: and he shall let go the goat in the wil
67,? 
Will he delight himself in the Almighty? will he always call upo
78,r every house is builded by some man; but he that built all things is God. 
An
62,their standards. 
These are those which were numbered of the c
72,ears, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment: 
For she said
58,our nostrils, the anointed of the LORD, was taken in their
84,hat betwixt me and thee? bury therefore thy dead. 
And Abraham hearkened unto Ephron
81,turn not, he will whet his sword; he hath bent his bow, and made it ready. 
He ha
67, flesh, but after the Spirit. 
For they that are after the flesh do
66,fering, and shall pour out his blood at the bottom of the altar of
63,oint the shield. 
For thus hath the LORD said unto me, Go, set 
58,, he prophesied among the prophets, then the people said o
66,coals were kindled by it. 
He bowed the heavens also, and came dow
58,amin gathered themselves together after Abner, and became 
67,th. 
Do ye indeed speak righteousness, O congregation? do ye judge 
57, moment? 
How long wilt thou not depart from me, nor let 
83, to dwell in. 
Hungry and thirsty, their soul fainted in them. 
Then they cried unt
76,thirst? 
And Moses cried unto the LORD, saying, What shall I do unto this pe
56,, and all the house of Millo, and went, and made Abimele
75,Yea, ye took up the tabernacle of Moloch, and the star of your god Remphan,
77,h taken you, and brought you forth out of the iron furnace, even out of Egypt
60,n of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost. 
A
81,
The LORD our God spake unto us in Horeb, saying, Ye have dwelt long enough in th
63,me sixtyfold, some thirtyfold. 
Who hath ears to hear, let him 
83,ren of Israel came and cried unto Pharaoh, saying, Wherefore dealest thou thus with
74,'s house? 
Are we not counted of him strangers? for he hath sold us, and h
80,elders, and they declared all things that God had done with them. 
But there ros
64,t to pass the saying that is written, Death is swallowed up in v
78,nd hasted to bring Haman unto the banquet that Esther had prepared. 
So the ki
72,hat remaineth in this city shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by
84, shall eat the passover with my disciples? 
And he shall shew you a large upper room
66,d of their masters, and as the eyes of a maiden unto the hand of h
78,e keep the charge of the LORD our God; but ye have forsaken him. 
And, behold,
65, of Manasseh; for he was the firstborn of Joseph; to wit, for Mac
69, 
He burneth part thereof in the fire; with part thereof he eateth fl
71,he counsel of the wicked? 
Hast thou eyes of flesh? or seest thou as ma
69,cities, and in houses which no man inhabiteth, which are ready to bec
73,he vine, and the fig tree, and the pomegranate, and the olive tree, hath 
68,And he caused his children to pass through the fire in the valley of
73,lean thing, and eat of the flesh of the sacrifice of peace offerings, whi
82,sees came to him, and asked him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife? temp
63,ave made touching the king: my tongue is the pen of a ready wri
67,ned unto my voice; 
I also will not henceforth drive out any from b
75, up myself when evil found him: 
Neither have I suffered my mouth to sin by
57, Jacob set a pillar upon her grave: that is the pillar of
77,nd deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles whic
64,Speak ye comfortably to Jerusalem, and cry unto her, that her wa
75,ight of Hanameel mine uncle's son, and in the presence of the witnesses tha
65,to him to do him obeisance, he put forth his hand, and took him, 
63,er Uzziah did: howbeit he entered not into the temple of the LO
76, between Judah and Israel. 
And the LORD said unto me, Take unto thee yet th
75,nto him, Thus saith thy son Joseph, God hath made me lord of all Egypt: com
61,e now made perfect by the flesh? 
Have ye suffered so many th
62,ok a great stone, and set it up there under an oak, that was b
72,m, Let the men that sacrifice kiss the calves. 
Therefore they shall be 
68,from the waters that come down from above; and they shall stand upon
70, boldly, and they say nothing unto him. Do the rulers know indeed that
83,ants are no spies. 
And he said unto them, Nay, but to see the nakedness of the lan
75,own iniquity, and shall cut them off in their own wickedness; yea, the LORD
69,wning city, whose merchants are princes, whose traffickers are the ho
63,dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast
69,est not my words, which shall be fulfilled in their season. 
And the 
68,m go. 
But ye denied the Holy One and the Just, and desired a murder
56,eased that day: and the king was stayed up in his chario
73,rd the north, and toward the east; and he measured from gate to gate an h
71,their names into my lips. 
The LORD is the portion of mine inheritance 
62,welve thousand. Of the tribe of Joseph were sealed twelve thou
82,e, which shall drive out the Hivite, the Canaanite, and the Hittite, from before t
62,fire unto the LORD, a burnt offering, and a meat offering, a s
77,or the sweet incense, 
And onyx stones, and stones to be set for the ephod, a
74, called the name of that place Mahanaim. 
And Jacob sent messengers before
84,agues of thy seed, even great plagues, and of long continuance, and sore sicknesses,
63,ur as thyself. 
On these two commandments hang all the law and 
76, thy children take heed to their way to walk in my law, as thou hast walked 
83,: come thou with us, and we will do thee good: for the LORD hath spoken good concer
58,tes: and the children of Aaron the priest, which were of t
70, to day. 
Declare his glory among the heathen, his wonders among all p
82,ty! 
It is like the precious ointment upon the head, that ran down upon the beard,
59,ant be blessed for ever. 
And after this it came to pass th
76,ost which dwelleth in us. 
This thou knowest, that all they which are in Asi
66,, we come unto thee; for thou art the LORD our God. 
Truly in vain
69,fore you: make haste now, for he came to day to the city; for there i
60,ike worms of the earth: they shall be afraid of the LORD our
84,d him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat: for the LORD hath spok
61, it came to pass, when his master heard the words of his wife
81,all be shortened. 
The hope of the righteous shall be gladness: but the expectati
64,th to his earth; in that very day his thoughts perish. 
Happy is
75,he other side of Jordan, of the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and of the hal
69, and took the young child and his mother, and came into the land of I
82,earls! 
For in one hour so great riches is come to nought. And every shipmaster, a
84, say unto her, Thou art the land that is not cleansed, nor rained upon in the day of
56,e copy of the writing of the decree that was given at Sh
63,shall make restitution unto the owner thereof. 
If it be torn i
59,that David smote the Philistines, and subdued them, and too
64,the Ekronites; also the Avites: 
From the south, all the land of
79,ng, Out of Egypt have I called my son. 
Then Herod, when he saw that he was moc
78,ove, which ye have shewed toward his name, in that ye have ministered to the s
62,Thus speaketh the LORD God of Israel, saying, Write thee all t
65,nger of the judgment: and whosoever shall say to his brother, Rac
56,at presents, and tribute silver; and the Arabians brough
66,t city shall bring down the heifer unto a rough valley, which is n
56,hy seat will be empty. 
And when thou hast stayed three 
68,olden him that was falling, and thou hast strengthened the feeble kn
75,tand, and let all them which have taken strange wives in our cities come at
70,at remained twelve baskets full. 
And they that had eaten were about f
76,ut of Zion, which dwelleth at Jerusalem. Praise ye the LORD. 
O give thanks 
64,Pharaoh awoke. 
And he slept and dreamed the second time: and, b
66,udges thereof; if not, where, and who is he? 
Now my days are swif
58, nations, and the languages, fell down and worshipped the 
65, and they gnashed on him with their teeth. 
But he, being full of
56,l, and Bariah, and Neariah, and Shaphat, six. 
And the s
76,f peace; 
Without father, without mother, without descent, having neither be
79, low stature, whose branches turned toward him, and the roots thereof were unde
60, craftsmen. 
And of the Levites were divisions in Judah, and
81, let not the church be charged; that it may relieve them that are widows indeed. 
57,an, and his soul shall be satisfied upon mount Ephraim an
69,hall the Levites go in to do the service of the tabernacle of the con
65,and said, My heart rejoiceth in the LORD, mine horn is exalted in
82, and scourgings, yea, moreover of bonds and imprisonment: 
They were stoned, they 
61,d them by the right hand of Moses with his glorious arm, divi
56,hould arise and declare them to their children: 
That th
56,t of the daughter of my people slightly, saying, Peace, 
77, written in the book of Psalms, Let his habitation be desolate, and let no ma
63,s of thine hands. 
Then Job answered and said, 
Even to day is 
73,f Israel will I plant it: and it shall bring forth boughs, and bear fruit
73,m shall be a desolate wilderness, for the violence against the children o
60,our faults, ye shall take it patiently? but if, when ye do w
80,eat; and him that dieth of his in the fields shall the fowls of the air eat. 
No
84,his bedchamber, and they smote him, and slew him, and beheaded him, and took his hea
71,. 
Then the soldiers, as it was commanded them, took Paul, and brought 
72, anger. 
And Amaziah strengthened himself, and led forth his people, and
70,bout on them with anger, being grieved for the hardness of their heart
58,which was at Jerusalem; and they were all scattered abroad
73,thee? or what shall be done unto thee, thou false tongue? 
Sharp arrows o
84,of silver weighing an hundred and thirty shekels, each bowl seventy: all the silver 
80,d said unto the serpent, Because thou hast done this, thou art cursed above all 
58,taken from our father, that is ours, and our children's: n
76,y faith the walls of Jericho fell down, after they were compassed about seve
84,ah. 
I acknowledge my sin unto thee, and mine iniquity have I not hid. I said, I wil
58,ok upon. 
And David sent and enquired after the woman. And
84,ide the rest of them that were slain; namely, Evi, and Rekem, and Zur, and Hur, and 
73,the stones of emptiness. 
They shall call the nobles thereof to the kingd
76,you: come thou with us, and we will do thee good: for the LORD hath spoken g
70, LORD: but to this man will I look, even to him that is poor and of a 
59,pon mine enemies. 
Slay them not, lest my people forget: sc
83,saying, Let those men go. 
And the keeper of the prison told this saying to Paul, T
65, my brother Benjamin, that it is my mouth that speaketh unto you.
67, strong drink; and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even fro
56,lt not redeem; they are holy: thou shalt sprinkle their 
80,hey that swallowed thee up shall be far away. 
The children which thou shalt hav
61,old the Gazites, saying, Samson is come hither. And they comp
68,is a buckler to all them that trust in him. 
For who is God, save th
72,aphtorim. 
And Canaan begat Sidon his first born, and Heth, 
And the Jeb
63,is none that sheweth, yea, there is none that declareth, yea, t
71,ys of her separation: she shall be unclean. 
Every bed whereon she liet
79,t he was unto her. 
And the king took off his ring, which he had taken from Ham
76, burden, according to all their service in the tabernacle of the congregatio
57,t not far from the kingdom of God. And no man after that 
64,ook up the ark. 
And they brought up the ark of the LORD, and th
71,that ye were the servants of sin, but ye have obeyed from the heart tha
64,this thing was not done in a corner. 
King Agrippa, believest th
71,e west, so far hath he removed our transgressions from us. 
Like as a f
75,for my sake, O God of Israel. 
Because for thy sake I have borne reproach; 
68,he sound of thy harps shall be no more heard. 
And I will make thee 
66,hey that are younger than I have me in derision, whose fathers I w
58,em. 
And I will visit upon her the days of Baalim, wherein
68,all cry out in that day because of your king which ye shall have cho
84,and Ziph, 
And Adoraim, and Lachish, and Azekah, 
And Zorah, and Aijalon, and Hebron
66, if thou hast not gone aside to uncleanness with another instead o
62,anches thereof, saith the LORD God of Israel. 
At that day sha
63,that feared the word of the LORD among the servants of Pharaoh 
58,the king, The saying is good: as my lord the king hath sai
72,in the cities of the plain, and pitched his tent toward Sodom. 
But the 
79,njamite, of the smallest of the tribes of Israel? and my family the least of al
66,fering, gentleness, goodness, faith, 
Meekness, temperance: agains
84,led, and hast professed a good profession before many witnesses. 
I give thee charge
64, the fruit of our lips giving thanks to his name. 
But to do goo
83, 
But Sarai was barren; she had no child. 
And Terah took Abram his son, and Lot th
59,lace whereon the soles of your feet shall tread shall be yo
57,dred shekels of brass in weight, he being girded with a n
80, to their offices in their service. 
And there were more chief men found of the 
69,is people, and shall die there. 
And Moses did as the LORD commanded:
66, 
Hearken, O daughter, and consider, and incline thine ear; forget
83,he king covered his face, and the king cried with a loud voice, O my son Absalom, O
66,which is the prince's, between the border of Judah and the border 
64,s. 
And Moses let his father in law depart; and he went his way 
65, captain of their thousand, and look how thy brethren fare, and t
84, be called a Nazarene. 
In those days came John the Baptist, preaching in the wilder
61,re transferred to myself and to Apollos for your sakes; that 
77, men of valour, an hundred twenty and eight: and their overseer was Zabdiel, 
65,are. 
Moses therefore wrote this song the same day, and taught it
82, thy name for ever and ever. 
Every day will I bless thee; and I will praise thy n
82,n the ground, and keep silence: they have cast up dust upon their heads; they have
63,s very great. 
After this opened Job his mouth, and cursed his 
67, the Morasthite prophesied in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah, a
62, LORD shall have done to my lord according to all the good tha
80,est not eat up; and thou shalt be only oppressed and crushed alway: 
So that tho
69, LORD, that use their tongues, and say, He saith. 
Behold, I am again
71, of God, into the house that is to be built to the name of the LORD. 
S
73,as for the flesh, all that be clean shall eat thereof. 
But the soul that
84,ll be cast down, saith the LORD. 
I will surely consume them, saith the LORD: there 
61,abylon in the first year of his reign lifted up the head of J
62,ll men; 
For kings, and for all that are in authority; that we
61,uity of naughtiness, and receive with meekness the engrafted 
67,poiled, and maketh the judges fools. 
He looseth the bond of kings,
75, sweet savour unto the LORD; as ye do, so he shall do. 
One ordinance shall
65,and whither thou goest to possess it. 
When thou shalt vow a vow 
56,forth over against it upon the hill Gareb, and shall com
80,o them will I give in mine house and within my walls a place and a name better t
83, by reason of wine. 
And he smote his enemies in the hinder parts: he put them to a
63,e, whose name was Irijah, the son of Shelemiah, the son of Hana
69, saith the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil upon them, which they shal
63,behold trouble! 
We acknowledge, O LORD, our wickedness, and th
56, our Lord. So then with the mind I myself serve the law 
78,orce after men are dead: otherwise it is of no strength at all while the testa
66,ve I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be a
62, winds; trees whose fruit withereth, without fruit, twice dead
57,m up at the last day. 
The Jews then murmured at him, bec
60,n the body, I cannot tell; or whether out of the body, I can
64,id unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to
80,LORD's house, in the ears of all the people. 
When Michaiah the son of Gemariah,
84,. 
And all the people came early in the morning to him in the temple, for to hear hi
83,redst them into the hand of their enemies, who vexed them: and in the time of their
66,. 
Hear my prayer, O God; give ear to the words of my mouth. 
For 
63,the wine, and the oil, and the frankincense, and the spices. 
A
57,, whom he had set at liberty at their pleasure, to return
82,ly place shalt thou cause the strong wine to be poured unto the LORD for a drink o
57,. 
Now when the sun was setting, all they that had any si
81,ught for a sum of money of the sons of Emmor the father of Sychem. 
But when the 
75,rds of God, and knew the knowledge of the most High, which saw the vision o
60, the wicked! it shall be ill with him: for the reward of his
60,thoughts, and said to the man which had the withered hand, R
64, prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in 
84,haste to help me. 
Let them be ashamed and confounded together that seek after my so
60,redemption of our body. 
For we are saved by hope: but hope 
76,cording to the twelve tribes. 
And thou shalt make upon the breastplate chai
75,at which remaineth of it until the morning ye shall burn with fire. 
And th
81,ed servant to thee, in serving thee six years: and the LORD thy God shall bless t
74,cept the work of his hands; smite through the loins of them that rise agai
60, and mightest overcome when thou art judged. 
But if our unr
84,cob; (from thence is the shepherd, the stone of Israel:) 
Even by the God of thy fat
72,ink, yea, drink abundantly, O beloved. 
I sleep, but my heart waketh: it
59, thoughts; 
A people that provoketh me to anger continually
79,And in it have I put the ark, wherein is the covenant of the LORD, that he made
80,not only for wrath, but also for conscience sake. 
For for this cause pay ye tri
67, bread: the priest shall offer also his meat offering, and his drin
62,nk, came with a perfect heart to Hebron, to make David king ov
79,od. 
And the Tirshatha said unto them, that they should not eat of the most hol
76,ll favoured, as at the beginning. So I awoke. 
And I saw in my dream, and, b
75,ritten in their foreheads. 
And I heard a voice from heaven, as the voice o
78,epulchres of the kings. 
And these are they that conspired against him; Zabad 
64,ing said, He is a good man, and cometh with good tidings. 
And A
77,reatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, 
79,Israel. 
Now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat, and his might that he shewed,
79,aven itself, now to appear in the presence of God for us: 
Nor yet that he shou
68,as made a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death, c
80, hath broken my covenant. 
And God said unto Abraham, As for Sarai thy wife, tho
68,held the countenance of Laban, and, behold, it was not toward him as
57,. 
And if any of the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace 
83,the next day we that were of Paul's company departed, and came unto Caesarea: and w
59,for blood; they hunt every man his brother with a net. 
Tha
65,ve buried him. 
And now the LORD shew kindness and truth unto you
72,hich ye have heard from the beginning. If that which ye have heard from 
73,is exceeding sorrowful unto death: tarry ye here, and watch. 
And he went
73, said, The head of John the Baptist. 
And she came in straightway with ha
72,rate three cities for thee. 
And if the LORD thy God enlarge thy coast, 
58,hand of strangers: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GO
64,nd they say to us, Make brick: and, behold, thy servants are bea
76,hroughout all the region round about Galilee. 
And forthwith, when they were
74,the Syrians be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the chil
56,k thyself now with majesty and excellency; and array thy
78,chosen thee to be a peculiar people unto himself, above all the nations that a
70, a man to burn: for he will take thereof, and warm himself; yea, he ki
70,o them. 
And they say, How doth God know? and is there knowledge in th
80,
And she made haste, and let down her pitcher from her shoulder, and said, Drink
81, in the land of Ham, and terrible things by the Red sea. 
Therefore he said that 
62,en the prophets, Haggai the prophet, and Zechariah the son of 
56,ear unto David; and the man that bare the shield went be
56,orm the request of his handmaid. 
For the king will hear
79,d of Egypt, even unto this day, and in Israel, and among other men; and hast ma
73,ed kindness unto me. And David sent to comfort him by the hand of his ser
68,u, saith the Lord GOD. 
Then he brought me back the way of the gate 
75,the king spake and said unto Daniel, Art thou that Daniel, which art of the
82,, Jesus stood on the shore: but the disciples knew not that it was Jesus. 
Then Je
78,At that day shall a man look to his Maker, and his eyes shall have respect to 
65,ause my fury to rest: I the LORD have said it. 
The word of the L
79,committed much, of him they will ask the more. 
I am come to send fire on the e
57,us, because the fast was now already past, Paul admonishe
84,ey heard these things, they were cut to the heart, and they gnashed on him with thei
64,s raised up on high, the anointed of the God of Jacob, and the s
77,ses to himself, nor cause the people to return to Egypt, to the end that he s
70,me, and delivered me from all my fears. 
They looked unto him, and wer
65,and milk, and the calf which he had dressed, and set it before th
77,but into the belly, and goeth out into the draught, purging all meats? 
And h
80,of the children of Ammon: 
And said unto him, Thus saith Jephthah, Israel took n
66,hildren of Israel served Chushanrishathaim eight years. 
And when 
58,ewed me all his heart. Then the lords of the Philistines c
71,l not the conscience of him which is weak be emboldened to eat those th
62,g, and shall add the fifth part thereto, and give it unto the 
71,to his servants, Seek me a woman that hath a familiar spirit, that I ma
60,rew sword. 
But Levi and Benjamin counted he not among them:
62,n thou, art to be feared: and who may stand in thy sight when 
75,r seed: 
But we have dwelt in tents, and have obeyed, and done according to
84,mb that bare thee, and the paps which thou hast sucked. 
But he said, Yea rather, bl
72,herously with me, O house of Israel, saith the LORD. 
A voice was heard 
82,other Philip tetrarch of Ituraea and of the region of Trachonitis, and Lysanias th
67,er men as brethren; 
The elder women as mothers; the younger as sis
83,hold, I have gained beside them five talents more. 
His lord said unto him, Well do
74,cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in 
69,ister unto the LORD in the priest's office; 
Which the LORD commanded
75,en by Moses the servant of God, and to observe and do all the commandments 
73,is decree came, the Jews had joy and gladness, a feast and a good day. An
57,hey that go forth into captivity. 
Dig thou through the w
82, ill with him that is left in his tabernacle. 
The heaven shall reveal his iniquit
76,e nothing concerning priesthood. 
And it is yet far more evident: for that a
77,f Megiddo; they took no gain of money. 
They fought from heaven; the stars in
57,Do not drink wine nor strong drink, thou, nor thy sons wi
71,d all the elders and all the people said unto him, Hearken not unto him
75,e dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made manife
79,abernacle of the daughter of Zion: he poured out his fury like fire. 
The LORD 
77, saint said unto that certain saint which spake, How long shall be the vision
62, the fort of his own land: but he shall stumble and fall, and 
80, him. 
But if thou say to me, We trust in the LORD our God: is it not he, whose 
63,alleth upon men, in slumberings upon the bed; 
Then he openeth 
73,ren. 
Ye are blessed of the LORD which made heaven and earth. 
The heaven
74,ither, if we eat not, are we the worse. 
But take heed lest by any means t
76,there shall they bury Gog and all his multitude: and they shall call it The 
69,ge our sons and our daughters to be servants, and some of our daughte
70,s according to the house of their fathers. 
Of Gershon was the family 
77,lusts. 
If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit. 
Let us not
79, upon that house, and could not shake it: for it was founded upon a rock. 
But 
58, unto Zebulun, and unto Naphtali; and they came up to meet
81,t along on the hill's side over against him, and cursed as he went, and threw sto
64,ladness; 
To the end that my glory may sing praise to thee, and 
80,y vex you with their wiles, wherewith they have beguiled you in the matter of Pe
78,l: 
These are the testimonies, and the statutes, and the judgments, which Mose
71,and begat sons and daughters: 
And all the days of Enoch were three hun
60,chael, and Jozabad, and Elihu, and Zilthai, captains of the 
60, 
And Caleb drove thence the three sons of Anak, Sheshai, an
72, children of Pashur, a thousand two hundred forty and seven. 
The childr
72, not fast as ye do this day, to make your voice to be heard on high. 
Is
69, them up. 
Blessed be the LORD, because he hath heard the voice of my
81, the cakes, he shall offer for his offering leavened bread with the sacrifice of 
68,take it; yea, let him tread down my life upon the earth, and lay min
84,eminence among them, receiveth us not. 
Wherefore, if I come, I will remember his de
65, sin and the sin of my people Israel, and presenting my supplicat
58, truth; 
For the truth's sake, which dwelleth in us, and s
58,standard of the camp of Reuben set forward according to th
68,ore have sinned, and to all other, that, if I come again, I will not
70,en's bones shall be burnt upon thee. 
And he gave a sign the same day,
82,o Korah and unto all his company, saying, Even to morrow the LORD will shew who ar
72,hall in no wise lose his reward. 
And it came to pass, when Jesus had ma
83,with Israel, with one accord. 
And when the inhabitants of Gibeon heard what Joshua
71,all be holy, and shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow. 
All
79,d to their seed after them. 
And I spake unto you at that time, saying, I am no
64,e. 
They come from a far country, from the end of heaven, even t
78,id, Let me go, I pray thee; for our family hath a sacrifice in the city; and m
57,and the honourable man dwelt in it. 
Thou hast sent widow
58,he wall, and a serpent bit him. 
Shall not the day of the 
69, lion shall eat straw like the bullock: and dust shall be the serpent
59,fowls of the heaven; I will chastise them, as their congreg
65,tion loveth knowledge: but he that hateth reproof is brutish. 
A 
73, them desirable young men, horsemen riding upon horses. 
Thus she committ
81,of him: but woe to that man by whom the Son of man is betrayed! good were it for 
62,se ye are all become dross, behold, therefore I will gather yo
56,y lovingkindness in the morning; for in thee do I trust:
65,t he should enter into judgment with God. 
He shall break in piec
63,se he cieled with fir tree, which he overlaid with fine gold, a
84,ith him, rose up early, and pitched beside the well of Harod: so that the host of th
71,the beasts of the forest do creep forth. 
The young lions roar after th
74, commandment of his lips; I have esteemed the words of his mouth more than
73, herself by a bond, being in her father's house in her youth; 
And her fa
56,ut him. 
O LORD God of hosts, who is a strong LORD like 
69,servant; I am thy servant, and the son of thine handmaid: thou hast l
65,es, yea, what indignation, yea, what fear, yea, what vehement des
82,the king. 
Now it came to pass after this, that Nahash the king of the children of
60,his thing. 
Then the men of the city said unto Joash, Bring 
65, my name, I will require it of him. 
But the prophet, which shall
65, 
Wherefore Hanun took David's servants, and shaved them, and cut
63,nd said, Thy servant Benhadad saith, I pray thee, let me live. 
63, and honour. 
A wise man's heart is at his right hand; but a fo
74,on of man, the house of Israel is to me become dross: all they are brass, 
64,y before thee according to the joy in harvest, and as men rejoic
56, children of Israel shall hallow in all their holy gifts
68,and of hundreds, with the rulers of the king's work, offered willing
70,e LORD, and their offspring with them. 
And it shall come to pass, tha
66,and, to remove it from Ephraim's head unto Manasseh's head. 
And J
60,er righteousness, godliness, faith, love, patience, meekness
83,ORD your God giveth you to inherit, and when he giveth you rest from all your enemi
62,oever worketh abomination, or maketh a lie: but they which are
63,e LORD turned from him, that he would not destroy him altogethe
59,stood upon their feet; and great fear fell upon them which 
65, honey, that thou shalt keep this service in this month. 
Seven d
74, of transgressions, till the seed should come to whom the promise was made
66,et the LORD, which brought thee forth out of the land of Egypt, fr
82,and I restrained the floods thereof, and the great waters were stayed: and I cause
72, out of the wilderness like pillars of smoke, perfumed with myrrh and fr
66,a parable in the mouths of fools. 
The great God that formed all t
60,ways were unoccupied, and the travellers walked through bywa
72,l be without blemish. 
And he shall prepare a meat offering, an ephah fo
81,e LORD; and I will not cause mine anger to fall upon you: for I am merciful, sait
65,t, and the blind. 
And the servant said, Lord, it is done as thou
65,ed. 
And when it was told Saul, he sent other messengers, and the
58,were ancient men, that had seen the first house, when the 
71,ves into the rings by the sides of the ark, that the ark may be borne w
83,cklings thou hast perfected praise? 
And he left them, and went out of the city int
67, Gudgodah to Jotbath, a land of rivers of waters. 
At that time the
74,re me. 
Against thee, thee only, have I sinned, and done this evil in thy 
62, 
In every thing give thanks: for this is the will of God in C
78,the people, and cast them out. 
For they got not the land in possession by the
80, mine eyelids, 
Until I find out a place for the LORD, an habitation for the mig
73,GOD; He that heareth, let him hear; and he that forbeareth, let him forbe
83,tood before the LORD, and said, I will persuade him. 
And the LORD said unto him, W
84,e concerning the fiery trial which is to try you, as though some strange thing happe
64, and slew them. 
Joshua made war a long time with all those king
67,t take, and go unto the place which the LORD shall choose: 
And tho
57,en of Israel before his death. 
And he said, The LORD cam
60,to go; for he had not proved it. And David said unto Saul, I
74,word which I will send among you. 
And it shall be, if they refuse to take
58,to the Philistines. 
And the people that were encamped hea
62,I am in trouble; incline thine ear unto me: in the day when I 
74,the nations. 
Who can count the dust of Jacob, and the number of the fourt
79,en Paul perceived that the one part were Sadducees, and the other Pharisees, he
77,anger is turned away from him. 
I will be as the dew unto Israel: he shall gr
63, knew for what intent he spake this unto him. 
For some of them
56,ues of that land, and the sicknesses which the LORD hath
61,h the LORD thy God giveth thee, thou shalt not learn to do af
84,put themselves in array the first day. 
(And the children of Israel went up and wept
72,work, which men behold. 
Every man may see it; man may behold it afar of
82,ere like them that dream. 
Then was our mouth filled with laughter, and our tongue
83,hty, but not by his own power: and he shall destroy wonderfully, and shall prosper,
69, 
But Absalom fled, and went to Talmai, the son of Ammihud, king of G
69,not the oppressor, and choose none of his ways. 
For the froward is a
78,saph; Zechariah, and Mattaniah: 
And of the sons of Heman; Jehiel, and Shimei:
63,aid unto me, Go in, and behold the wicked abominations that the
83,r Lot's wife. 
Whosoever shall seek to save his life shall lose it; and whosoever s
65,ly unto the LORD: and Samuel cried unto the LORD for Israel; and 
78, and five thousand and an hundred men: all these drew the sword. 
So the child
72,let there go a royal commandment from him, and let it be written among t
72,hereof, and Ekron with the coast thereof. 
And the LORD was with Judah; 
77, not hear; but did evil before mine eyes, and did choose that wherein I delig
67,Selah. 
He that is our God is the God of salvation; and unto GOD th
60,ble at every moment, every man for his own life, in the day 
69,er this I saw in the night visions, and behold a fourth beast, dreadf
56,h the second, Jahaziel the third, Jekameam the fourth. 

77,e in and went out among the people: for they had not put him into prison. 
Th
59,, for the violence against the children of Judah, because t
66,gthen their hands in the work of the house of God, the God of Isra
63, brotherly love; in honour preferring one another; 
Not slothfu
58,ves: and he was transfigured before them. 
And his raiment
68,nt to Ziklag, there fell to him of Manasseh, Adnah, and Jozabad, and
84,ut heart of the king of Assyria, and the glory of his high looks. 
For he saith, By 
64,thou hast strengthened the weak hands. 
Thy words have upholden 
64,de those that are gathered unto him. 
All ye beasts of the field
76,lept. 
And at midnight there was a cry made, Behold, the bridegroom cometh; 
60,this doctrine, receive him not into your house, neither bid 
59,nd of Babylon a desolation without an inhabitant. 
The migh
57,receive a crown of glory that fadeth not away. 
Likewise,
81,f the LORD came to me, saying, 
O house of Israel, cannot I do with you as this p
60,fore he polled it:) he weighed the hair of his head at two h
64,themselves shall be removed. 
The Lord GOD hath sworn by himself
64,s against the workers of iniquity. 
For they shall soon be cut d
79,. 
Syria was thy merchant by reason of the multitude of the wares of thy making
59,at estate, and have gotten more wisdom than all they that h
70, so are children of the youth. 
Happy is the man that hath his quiver 
71,And the fourth angel sounded, and the third part of the sun was smitten
61, reigned one year in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was At
67,ut of the temple: and forthwith the doors were shut. 
And as they w
68,David shall be as God, as the angel of the LORD before them. 
And it
58,hall they add to thee. 
Let not mercy and truth forsake th
63, hath a servant, is better than he that honoureth himself, and 
63,ll people will walk every one in the name of his god, and we wi
69,ocrites: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth. 
Then shall th
59, 
But if any man say unto you, this is offered in sacrifice
62,those that spoiled them. 
And yet they would not hearken unto 
74,m to death: 
And when they had bound him, they led him away, and delivered
81, war against the soul; 
Having your conversation honest among the Gentiles: that,
58,ng him that came not up to the LORD to Mizpeh, saying, He 
64,, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when th
60,and accomplish mine anger upon thee: and I will judge thee a
67,e it. 
Consider the work of God: for who can make that straight, wh
68, 
But he shall say, I am no prophet, I am an husbandman; for man tau
74,s neighbour, and trust ye not in any brother: for every brother will utter
70, sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the ea
84, of the snare of the devil, who are taken captive by him at his will. 
This know als
81,s of silver, and for an homer of barley, and an half homer of barley: 
And I said
70,accomplish at Jerusalem. 
But Peter and they that were with him were h
57,si: 
For he said, Because the LORD hath sworn that the LO
80,ew moon to another, and from one sabbath to another, shall all flesh come to wor
68, and send portions unto them for whom nothing is prepared: for this 
81,ith the LORD, That after seventy years be accomplished at Babylon I will visit yo
84, shall command your children to observe to do, all the words of this law. 
For it is
68,iptures, 
Opening and alleging, that Christ must needs have suffered
80, the cherubims' wings was heard even to the outer court, as the voice of the Alm
84,brass of them to Babylon. 
The caldrons also, and the shovels, and the snuffers, and
62,ORD, and that swear by Malcham; 
And them that are turned back
66,ded up the ghost. 
And, behold, the veil of the temple was rent in
74, Bethmarcaboth, and Hazarsusim, and at Bethbirei, and at Shaaraim. These w
61,d; fearfulness hath surprised the hypocrites. Who among us sh
69,p into the high mountain; O Jerusalem, that bringest good tidings, li
68,hlehem, and said unto the reapers, The LORD be with you. And they an
59,ere is your faith? And they being afraid wondered, saying o
81,dgment to the Gentiles. 
He shall not strive, nor cry; neither shall any man hear
57,and pronounce him unclean. 
If the bright spot be white i
78,ce there of graves in Israel, the valley of the passengers on the east of the 
61,evail; though they roar, yet can they not pass over it? 
But 
64,en altars, and offered a bullock and a ram on every altar. 
And 
58,he LORD is great and very terrible; and who can abide it? 
83, unto me, Son of man, dig now in the wall: and when I had digged in the wall, behol
68,captains, have consulted together to establish a royal statute, and 
65,ss against her husband, that the water that causeth the curse sha
84,t, and his height was five cubits: and a line of thirty cubits did compass it round 
84,ithstand them. 
And now ye think to withstand the kingdom of the LORD in the hand of
59,eep the passover unto the LORD; according to the ordinance 
62,and all such as had separated themselves unto them from the fi
57, of the south gate shall go forth by the way of the north
66,two thousand and eight hundred and eighteen. 
The children of Elam
56,nto a trance, but having his eyes open: 
I shall see him
57,s, by whom do your sons cast them out? therefore shall th
75,given them; and this house, which I have sanctified for my name, will I cas
64,it, and say, I like not to take her; 
Then shall his brother's w
60,o diminish thee; neither shall mine eye spare, neither will 
69,ed this unto thyself, in that thou hast forsaken the LORD thy God, wh
63, a word; insomuch that the governor marvelled greatly. 
Now at 
72,tribes of Israel, according to all the curses of the covenant that are w
78,ecause that for his name's sake they went forth, taking nothing of the Gentile
56,eaven, neither by the earth, neither by any other oath: 
63,t what it was. And Moses said unto them, This is the bread whic
80,he housetop not come down to take any thing out of his house: 
Neither let him w
74, things are covered, lest they die. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying
75,em! 
Ephraim, as I saw Tyrus, is planted in a pleasant place: but Ephraim s
67, slay their sons and their daughters, and burn up their houses with
72,t to death. 
And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he
83, pitched in Succoth. 
And they departed from Succoth, and pitched in Etham, which i
83,? 
Or despisest thou the riches of his goodness and forbearance and longsuffering; 
