1000
75, thereof, and not die. 
I am the living bread which came down from heaven: 
74,her say they in their heart, Let us now fear the LORD our God, that giveth
74,y supplications when I cried unto thee. 
O love the LORD, all ye his saint
62,m the east, the man that executeth my counsel from a far count
60,nd Hiram came out from Tyre to see the cities which Solomon 
66,be built up, thou shalt put away iniquity far from thy tabernacles
80,. 
And by the border of Simeon, from the east side unto the west side, Issachar 
79, Benjamin? And the LORD said, Judah shall go up first. 
And the children of Isr
81,ise him up at the last day. 
It is written in the prophets, And they shall be all
76,te of death, till they see the kingdom of God. 
And it came to pass about an
65,ther is weary? there is no searching of his understanding. 
He gi
61,the face of the sky and of the earth; but how is it that ye d
71, Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh have built an altar over against th
74,nto them, When any man hath a running issue out of his flesh, because of h
56,testify unto every man that heareth the words of the pro
68, an one in the spirit of meekness; considering thyself, lest thou al
58,ity, and appeared unto many. 
Now when the centurion, and 
67,ah: of the sons of Isshiah; Zechariah. 
The sons of Merari were Mah
77, youth, which shall lie down with him in the dust. 
Though wickedness be swee
74,ns, and genealogies, and contentions, and strivings about the law; for the
70,all thy ways. 
As I live, saith the Lord GOD, Sodom thy sister hath no
70,erein at Horeb, when the LORD made a covenant with the children of Isr
71, hosen, and their hats, and their other garments, and were cast into th
72,unto me, For what dost thou make request? So I prayed to the God of heav
64,and stoned him with stones, and he died; as the LORD commanded M
70,y of the first month. 
And he set the priests in their charges, and en
77, that he hath not. 
For I mean not that other men be eased, and ye burdened: 
65,mselves, and their horsemen shall come from far; they shall fly a
78,little faith, wherefore didst thou doubt? 
And when they were come into the sh
56,e a bill of divorcement, and to put her away. 
And Jesus
68,g to thine estimation, for the money of five shekels, after the shek
69,o the Son to have life in himself; 
And hath given him authority to e
76, his brother. 
And I will plead against him with pestilence and with blood; 
74,: and what profit shall this birthright do to me? 
And Jacob said, Swear t
74,erbs; and I will make the rivers islands, and I will dry up the pools. 
An
64,at pant after the dust of the earth on the head of the poor, and
68,e two men that had spied out the country, Go into the harlot's house
68,g, I saw the Spirit descending from heaven like a dove, and it abode
72,ent. And they fell upon their faces. 
And Moses said unto Aaron, Take a 
78, But he would not hearken unto her. 
Then he called his servant that ministere
75, Lord. 
Therefore judge nothing before the time, until the Lord come, who b
60,And he left all, rose up, and followed him. 
And Levi made h
60,ath chosen Jerusalem rebuke thee: is not this a brand plucke
60,heir partners, which were in the other ship, that they shoul
60,men of Shechem, Whether is better for you, either that all t
75,h son is a grief to his father, and bitterness to her that bare him. 
Also 
78,him, saying, Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come? 
And Jesus a
70,o encamp in the wilderness, and thou mayest be to us instead of eyes. 
69,t journeyed east: and they separated themselves the one from the othe
73, state of the king. 
And when the virgins were gathered together the seco
72,night. 
For when they shall say, Peace and safety; then sudden destructi
83,ultiplied in the land of Egypt. 
And Moses and Aaron did all these wonders before P
60,hall know that I am the LORD: because he hath said, The rive
66,ebellious dwell in a dry land. 
O God, when thou wentest forth bef
79,But thou hast not called upon me, O Jacob; but thou hast been weary of me, O Is
63,ligent maketh rich. 
He that gathereth in summer is a wise son:
72,he oblation of the holy portion shall be ten thousand eastward, and ten 
73,in the fortieth year after the children of Israel were come out of the la
65,nt of the LORD by the hand of Moses. 
In the first place went the
73,e, and having heard them reasoning together, and perceiving that he had a
66,p, and Phichol the chief captain of his host, and they returned in
78,herewith a man may die, seeing him not, and cast it upon him, that he die, and
81,And upon the table of shewbread they shall spread a cloth of blue, and put thereo
65, they are brass, and tin, and iron, and lead, in the midst of the
72,s drawn: for the slaughter it is furbished, to consume because of the gl
80, clothing is silk and purple. 
Her husband is known in the gates, when he sittet
63,ions. 
Thus was he fair in his greatness, in the length of his 
79, voice of the LORD, and do all his commandments which I command thee this day. 
73,ssion for the saints according to the will of God. 
And we know that all 
71,ife, neither shalt thou have sons or daughters in this place. 
For thus
77,ght, and he hath shot up his top among the thick boughs, and his heart is lif
64, spears, and helmets, and habergeons, and bows, and slings to ca
74,and of breadth shall also the Levites, the ministers of the house, have fo
77,Syria, and all that are round about her, the daughters of the Philistines, wh
58,nd fell down slain in mount Gilboa. 
And the Philistines f
60,ith the LORD, the God of Israel; Like these good figs, so wi
57, of Merari by their families had out of the tribe of Reub
56,the men that sit upon the wall, that they may eat their 
67, if we flee away, they will not care for us; neither if half of us 
67,vants, saying, Mark ye now when Amnon's heart is merry with wine, a
75, the other end of the earth; 
Thou shalt not consent unto him, nor hearken 
79, and Adbeel, and Mibsam, 
And Mishma, and Dumah, and Massa, 
Hadar, and Tema, J
69,rs rejected, the same is become the head of the corner? 
Whosoever sh
70,Minni, and Ashchenaz; appoint a captain against her; cause the horses 
62,ernors, and captains, and the king's counsellors, being gather
73,haldeans: Surely the least of the flock shall draw them out: surely he sh
71,one time, because the LORD God of Israel fought for Israel. 
And Joshua
83,nt, and pass over before the people. And they took up the ark of the covenant, and 
63,had been sick. 
And it came to pass the day after, that he went
72,eaten down, which smote with a rod. 
And in every place where the ground
69, wherefore one? That he might seek a godly seed. Therefore take heed 
83, wood and of earth; and some to honour, and some to dishonour. 
If a man therefore 
79,w then shall the scriptures be fulfilled, that thus it must be? 
In that same h
73,s day? was I ever wont to do so unto thee? and he said, Nay. 
Then the LO
76,our iniquities have turned away these things, and your sins have withholden 
81,ath raised him from the dead. 
And when they heard of the resurrection of the dea
75,be an abomination unto you. 
And for these ye shall be unclean: whosoever t
77, iniquity in my hands; 
If I have rewarded evil unto him that was at peace wi
84,irit that now worketh in the children of disobedience: 
Among whom also we all had o
74,r. 
The wicked shall see it, and be grieved; he shall gnash with his teeth
77,n hath taken a new wife, he shall not go out to war, neither shall he be char
80,t a God that hath pleasure in wickedness: neither shall evil dwell with thee. 
T
73,thousand cubits on the wall unto the dung gate. 
But the dung gate repair
81, fifty years they shall cease waiting upon the service thereof, and shall serve n
82,Lord ye shall receive the reward of the inheritance: for ye serve the Lord Christ.
73,her. 
Then I sent unto him, saying, There are no such things done as thou
72,ey before the king. 
And in all matters of wisdom and understanding, tha
65,. 
Mine eyes fail for thy word, saying, When wilt thou comfort me
61,city of them that work iniquity, and is polluted with blood. 
64,servants to him and his sons until the reign of the kingdom of P
73,d him in the way; and he had clad himself with a new garment; and they tw
84,at speaketh with tongues, except he interpret, that the church may receive edifying.
71,hat buildeth his house by unrighteousness, and his chambers by wrong; t
60,s heart be not lifted up above his brethren, and that he tur
59,y the truth in Christ, I lie not, my conscience also bearin
60,ave found favour in thine eyes, tarry: for I have learned by
69,ut of the hand of the Egyptians. 
And Jethro said, Blessed be the LOR
59, them record that they have a zeal of God, but not accordin
63,y seed be called: 
Accounting that God was able to raise him up
81, thee two trumpets of silver; of a whole piece shalt thou make them: that thou ma
80,ock, for the ram, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after t
84,ot sin. 
Thou shalt know also that thy seed shall be great, and thine offspring as t
77, inhabitant. 
I said, Surely thou wilt fear me, thou wilt receive instruction
78,forasmuch as he hath no part nor inheritance with you. 
Take heed to thyself t
82, were filled, and became fat, and delighted themselves in thy great goodness. 
Nev
71,, and the people, that shall say, The burden of the LORD, I will even p
75,e steps whereby they went up to it: and there were pillars by the posts, on
78,ight be glorified. 
And they shall build the old wastes, they shall raise up t
75,e year the king of Syria will come up against thee. 
And the servants of th
82, multitude: her graves are round about him: all of them uncircumcised, slain by th
60,ay sleeping within the trench, and his spear stuck in the gr
66,ethinims. 
And in Jerusalem dwelt of the children of Judah, and of
78,cious from the vile, thou shalt be as my mouth: let them return unto thee; but
75,d Manoah said, Now let thy words come to pass. How shall we order the child
81,ake in thy name to our kings, our princes, and our fathers, and to all the people
66,ccusing or else excusing one another;) 
In the day when God shall 
69,lled his holes with prey, and his dens with ravin. 
Behold, I am agai
58,es; gird yourselves, and ye shall be broken in pieces. 
Ta
65,ring and the sin offering, where they shall bake the meat offerin
81,l be taken, and the other left. 
Watch therefore: for ye know not what hour your 
59,in offering, and the other for a burnt offering, unto the L
68, thy words be true, and thou hast promised this goodness unto thy se
74,e they called the name of that place Baalperazim. 
And when they had left 
68, fine gold; even a man than the golden wedge of Ophir. 
Therefore I 
72, and hatest wickedness: therefore God, thy God, hath anointed thee with 
70,pleased, because the LORD had made a breach upon Uzza: wherefore that 
59,. 
As he saith also in another place, Thou art a priest for
57,works shall praise thee, O LORD; and thy saints shall ble
56,d that which was good and right in the eyes of the LORD 
66,th; not any of her vows, or of her bonds wherewith she hath bound 
75,s, nor in guile: 
But as we were allowed of God to be put in trust with the
64,be worse than the first. 
Pilate said unto them, Ye have a watch
77,vertheless at thy word I will let down the net. 
And when they had this done,
58,nt into the province of Judea, to the house of the great G
76,e, saying that they would neither eat nor drink till they had killed Paul. 

76,eathe out cruelty. 
I had fainted, unless I had believed to see the goodness
65,it; even unto the tower of Meah they sanctified it, unto the towe
64,ould let him go no more home to his father's house. 
Then Jonath
57,e the people: judge me, O LORD, according to my righteous
67,nder the fifth rib, that he died, for the blood of Asahel his broth
78, to confusion, that desire my hurt. 
Let them be turned back for a reward of t
57,cometh knowledge and understanding. 
He layeth up sound w
69,ese forty years. 
Thou shalt also consider in thine heart, that, as a
70,man thought in his heart, To whom would the king delight to do honour 
70,ice of the bride. 
And it shall come to pass, when thou shalt shew thi
58,hy waterspouts: all thy waves and thy billows are gone ove
63,hich shewed before of the coming of the Just One; of whom ye ha
57,teth for God, for the living God: when shall I come and a
70,apparel and the horse, as thou hast said, and do even so to Mordecai t
61,e second time: and, behold, seven ears of corn came up upon o
78, my lamp, O LORD: and the LORD will lighten my darkness. 
For by thee I have r
76,ce before the LORD thy God in all that thou puttest thine hands unto. 
Take 
76,priest. 
And Bezaleel the son Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah, ma
70,e month Bul, which is the eighth month, was the house finished through
60,heir calamity, in the time that their iniquity had an end: 

80,d of nine months and twenty days. 
And Joab gave up the sum of the number of the
70,f brass. 
All the vessels of the tabernacle in all the service thereof
71,sendeth them out, and they overturn the earth. 
With him is strength an
76,st corrupted thy wisdom by reason of thy brightness: I will cast thee to the
61,hen will we give our daughters unto you, and we will take you
72,know that I am the LORD. 
So will I make my holy name known in the midst
58,h their hands and their feet thereat: 
When they go into t
58, poor and of a contrite spirit, and trembleth at my word. 
83,ord of Goliath the Philistine, whom thou slewest in the valley of Elah, behold, it 
75, not left together. 
And the people said unto Samuel, Who is he that said, 
61, abomination to the LORD, which he hateth, have they done unt
76, to the king saying, 
My lord the king, these men have done evil in all that
63,his visage was changed against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego:
65,my words, which shall be fulfilled in their season. 
And the peop
66, cry of thy pilots. 
And all that handle the oar, the mariners, an
65,ys; and caused the dayspring to know his place; 
That it might ta
59,name. 
Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his be
78,oward the north by the river Euphrates. 
Who is this that cometh up as a flood
79,ers. 
But I said, How shall I put thee among the children, and give thee a plea
67,hus; Behold, that which I have built will I break down, and that wh
67, was unto her. 
And the king took off his ring, which he had taken 
75,
Or ever I was aware, my soul made me like the chariots of Amminadib. 
Retu
62,ich are in the Lord. 
Salute Tryphena and Tryphosa, who labour
78,jeants, saying, Let those men go. 
And the keeper of the prison told this sayi
57, threescore days, clothed in sackcloth. 
These are the tw
56, days of his life. 
And Solomon's provision for one day 
81,any inventions. 
Who is as the wise man? and who knoweth the interpretation of a 
80,. 
It is the glory of God to conceal a thing: but the honour of kings is to sear
73, as they go in unto a woman that playeth the harlot: so went they in unto
72,the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a plague. 

66,ranch which is among the trees of the forest? 
Shall wood be taken
80,other gods, and serve them, and worship them, I testify against you this day tha
68,ieved our report? 
So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by t
80,is found a truth. 
And his inward affection is more abundant toward you, whilst 
79,ry at Jericho until your beards be grown, and then return. 
And when the childr
74, the fruit thereof was to bring a thousand pieces of silver. 
My vineyard,
75,our prayers to God for me; 
That I may be delivered from them that do not b
79,ll offer their offering, each prince on his day, for the dedicating of the alta
58,e ye have made our savour to be abhorred in the eyes of Ph
78, judgment: 
And the next unto him was Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Me
77,ealed: and there were sealed an hundred and forty and four thousand of all th
58, to Babylon, and there shall they be until the day that I 
63, daughter, and for his brother. 
And for his sister a virgin, t
68,anner of beast. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
Cursed be he th
58, king. 
Then said the king, The one saith, This is my son 
62,therein are desolate: therefore the inhabitants of the earth a
72,on answered Jonathan and his armourbearer, and said, Come up to us, and 
74,when the queen of Sheba had seen the wisdom of Solomon, and the house that
58,ethren, James, and Joses, and Simon, and Judas? 
And his s
75, he poured of the anointing oil upon Aaron's head, and anointed him, to san
60, and walked. 
And when the people saw what Paul had done, th
62,d Attai begat Nathan, and Nathan begat Zabad, 
And Zabad begat
66,hem up, and they shall be changed: but thou art the same, and thy 
76,h unto the clouds; 
Yet he shall perish for ever like his own dung: they whi
57,uth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the crea
84,rivy to it, and brought a certain part, and laid it at the apostles' feet. 
But Pete
84,ding. 
Behold, he breaketh down, and it cannot be built again: he shutteth up a man,
66,ithin the city, and thither fled all the men and women, and all th
56, 
Hear, O LORD, when I cry with my voice: have mercy als
62, hosts, that I will cut off the names of the idols out of the 
69,e tribe of the children of Issachar was Nethaneel the son of Zuar. 
A
84,with him, and his work before him. 
And they shall call them, The holy people, The r
82,ven unto the evening of the next day: and there escaped not a man of them, save fo
70,g over them, which is the angel of the bottomless pit, whose name in t
70,nd David said unto the young man that told him, How knowest thou that 
65, it shall be, when the LORD hath given us the land, that we will 
61,, and come away. 
O my dove, that art in the clefts of the ro
61, the tender herb, and as the showers upon the grass: 
Because
65,ors: for the things concerning me have an end. 
And they said, Lo
67,et not one of them escape. And they took them: and Elijah brought t
79,by whom we may enquire of the LORD: but I hate him; for he doth not prophesy go
81,I will demand of thee, and answer thou me. 
Where wast thou when I laid the found
61, the exchange thereof shall be holy. 
And if it be any unclea
69,dge my house, and shalt also keep my courts, and I will give thee pla
69, being alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is i
76,le, and departed, and went and hanged himself. 
And the chief priests took t
59,l the people that were therein. So the dead which he slew a
67, the time when kings go forth to battle, that David sent Joab, and 
84,e nation in the earth is like thy people Israel, whom God went to redeem to be his o
69,dred sixty and nine years: and he died. 
And Lamech lived an hundred 
78,hath, that he may not make the son of the beloved firstborn before the son of 
73,ng, Joseph is yet alive, and he is governor over all the land of Egypt. A
58,es thereof shall ever be removed, neither shall any of the
83,our young and with our old, with our sons and with our daughters, with our flocks a
67,on neither good nor bad: for Absalom hated Amnon, because he had fo
61,d: therefore the world knoweth us not, because it knew him no
81,he year of drought, neither shall cease from yielding fruit. 
The heart is deceit
67,ble unto certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteo
77, read among you, cause that it be read also in the church of the Laodiceans; 
75,at is his thought, that maketh the morning darkness, and treadeth upon the 
71,aise ye the name of the LORD; praise him, O ye servants of the LORD. 
Y
79, delighted in thee to set thee on his throne, to be king for the LORD thy God: 
78,when Hiram heard the words of Solomon, that he rejoiced greatly, and said, Ble
58,ter the house was plaistered: then the priest shall pronou
71,he son of Zechariah: of Benjamin, Jaasiel the son of Abner: 
Of Dan, Az
76,f Zion, and behold king Solomon with the crown wherewith his mother crowned 
58,away my corn in the time thereof, and my wine in the seaso
76,f him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon
78,s together, and went northward, and said unto Jephthah, Wherefore passedst tho
63, the snare of his soul. 
The words of a talebearer are as wound
59, the treaders shall tread out no wine in their presses; I h
78,ied with a loud voice, saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of heaven
62,mah the Moabite, 
Eliel, and Obed, and Jasiel the Mesobaite. 

78,ir precious vessels of silver and of gold; and he shall continue more years th
56,the children of Ammon made war against Israel, the elder
80,Righteous art thou, O LORD, when I plead with thee: yet let me talk with thee of
72,haddaeus, and Simon the Canaanite, 
And Judas Iscariot, which also betra
73,nd so for all the kings of the Hittites, and for the kings of Syria, did 
64,e ark the testimony which I shall give thee. 
And thou shalt mak
71,he slaughter, and prepare them for the day of slaughter. 
How long shal
84, adorn themselves in modest apparel, with shamefacedness and sobriety; not with broi
72,. 
Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the L
62,, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the priest, saw it, he 
61, law: 
And that their children, which have not known any thin
65,y word toward the holy places, and prophesy against the land of I
73,in your days which ye will not believe, though it be told you. 
For, lo, 
72,ight. 
And upon Elam will I bring the four winds from the four quarters 
82,th failed thereof. 
Therefore it shall come to pass, that as all good things are c
56,ple, and thy children, and thy wives, and all thy goods:
76, hanging for the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, 
And the hangin
80,false witness against him, but their witness agreed not together. 
And there aro
56,o suck honey out of the rock, and oil out of the flinty 
82,whoredom, and shall not increase: because they have left off to take heed to the L
77, unleavened cake out of the basket, and one unleavened wafer, and shall put t
56,ef of all the captains of the host for the first month. 
69,a chosen man, that I may appoint over her? for who is like me? and wh
62,down from Judaea a certain prophet, named Agabus. 
And when he
69,he son of Eleazar the priest, 
And with him ten princes, of each chie
77,t from the commandment of the king unto the priests and Levites concerning an
81,t he would come down, and heal his son: for he was at the point of death. 
Then s
78,inable branch, and as the raiment of those that are slain, thrust through with
84,lock for the sin offering, and the goat for the sin offering, whose blood was brough
65, Onan: and Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan. 
And the sons 
80,old, I will feed them with wormwood, and make them drink the water of gall: for 
63,eart is lifted up in his height; 
I have therefore delivered hi
78,heaven: Michael and his angels fought against the dragon; and the dragon fough
71,tered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, Separate me Barnaba
70,indeth sheaves his bosom. 
Neither do they which go by say, The blessi
59,s of Levi, after their families, by the house of their fath
58,hat I may cast lots for you here before the LORD our God. 
83,w the man. 
And after a while came unto him they that stood by, and said to Peter, 
72,f; for the good of all the land of Egypt is your's. 
And the children of
64,n of Aven, and him that holdeth the sceptre from the house of Ed
56, a flock of goats that appear from Gilead. 
Thy teeth ar
59,thed him with the robe, and put the ephod upon him, and he 
80,new their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, an
80,hereof the LORD spake in that day; for thou heardest in that day how the Anakims
75,
Then said Samuel, Bring ye hither to me Agag the king of the Amalekites. A
67,Philistines had stopped them, and filled them with earth. 
And Abim
82,people Israel, when they shall pray toward this place: and hear thou in heaven thy
71, thy lies make men hold their peace? and when thou mockest, shall no ma
77, betwixt us and thee, and let us make a covenant with thee; 
That thou wilt d
69,he flesh, to fulfil the lusts thereof. 
Him that is weak in the faith
62,to their servants: and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts ha
82,given him over all kindreds, and tongues, and nations. 
And all that dwell upon th
59,d. 
And of the Levites; Shemaiah the son of Hasshub, the so
71,of Dan until the day of the captivity of the land. 
And they set them u
68,ith him unto them that be slain with the sword; and they that were h
60,ither executed my judgments, but have done after the manners
73,d to his sons, saying, This is the law of the sin offering: In the place 
58,he gall of asps within him. 
He hath swallowed down riches
80,em and Netophah, an hundred fourscore and eight. 
The men of Anathoth, an hundre
75,me to pass, that David smote the Philistines, and subdued them, and took Ga
78,ou brought me forth out of the womb? Oh that I had given up the ghost, and no 
78,n the dens and in the rocks of the mountains; 
And said to the mountains and r
67,he father of circumcision to them who are not of the circumcision o
57,om have I in heaven but thee? and there is none upon eart
65, the war. 
But your wives, and your little ones, and your cattle,
72,and what shall this man do? 
Jesus saith unto him, If I will that he tar
78,he doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself. 
He that spea
71,were with him, and set captains of thousands, and captains of hundreds 
57,m the pit, to be enlightened with the light of the living
56,he horse rusheth into the battle. 
Yea, the stork in the
74,trife ceaseth. 
As coals are to burning coals, and wood to fire; so is a c
74,e morning was come, all the chief priests and elders of the people took co
59,ny other herb. 
So are the paths of all that forget God; an
58,at I have more than any living, but for their sakes that s
65,in peace, and put the blood of war upon his girdle that was about
62,ay unto the LORD? 
Then the chief of the fathers and princes o
62,h bitterness sigh before their eyes. 
And it shall be, when th
61,ns of an apostle were wrought among you in all patience, in s
84,bide his indignation. 
Thus shall ye say unto them, The gods that have not made the 
82,the world, how she may please her husband. 
And this I speak for your own profit; 
69,ll they have enough. 
But I have made Esau bare, I have uncovered his
64,f the depths have I cried unto thee, O LORD. 
Lord, hear my voic
75,ss: thou settest a crown of pure gold on his head. 
He asked life of thee, 
73,every corner.) 
So she caught him, and kissed him, and with an impudent f
73,e coasts, and cried unto him, saying, Have mercy on me, O Lord, thou son 
73,ders to be done by their hands. 
But the multitude of the city was divide
70, the LORD spake this word unto Moses, while the children of Israel wan
73,nth, and the fast of the fifth, and the fast of the seventh, and the fast
75,ices, horses, and mules, a rate year by year. 
And Solomon gathered togethe
64,erefore they rejoice and are glad. 
Therefore they sacrifice unt
80,st shall be chief and captain. So Joab the son of Zeruiah went first up, and was
63,is ear. 
And Jesus answered and said unto them, Are ye come out
82,e. Now Ziba had fifteen sons and twenty servants. 
Then said Ziba unto the king, A
59,stood in the court of the LORD's house; and said to all the
68, sea, and had life, died; and the third part of the ships were destr
74,ertain of the disciples of Caesarea, and brought with them one Mnason of C
62,athered sticks upon the sabbath day. 
And they that found him 
72,es, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering; 
Forbearing o
68,ords in the ears of the king. 
So the king sent Jehudi to fetch the 
64,ir enemies in the mire of the streets in the battle: and they sh
62,
Therefore is the name of it called Babel; because the LORD di
76,year, for a burnt offering: 
One kid of the goats for a sin offering: 
And f
80,, my great army which I sent among you. 
And ye shall eat in plenty, and be sati
77, strakes, greenish or reddish, which in sight are lower than the wall; 
Then 
76,lfil all righteousness. Then he suffered him. 
And Jesus, when he was baptiz
84,he communion of the body of Christ? 
For we being many are one bread, and one body: 
84, it came to pass, that in the fifth year of king Rehoboam Shishak king of Egypt came
57,saw Israel abiding in his tents according to their tribes
67,had told David, saying, Uriah went not down unto his house, David s
70,em: behold, they come up by the cliff of Ziz; and ye shall find them a
82,highway of the upright is to depart from evil: he that keepeth his way preserveth 
60, taken out that dwell in Samaria in the corner of a bed, and
69,he hoof; he is unclean unto you. 
And the swine, though he divide the
84,him; and the assembly was gathered together unto the door of the tabernacle of the c
65,, that thou hast hewed thee out a sepulchre here, as he that hewe
67,w and go over, he shall reach even to the neck; and the stretching 
72,nto the LORD, I have sinned greatly in that I have done: and now, I bese
83,borders round about, were made sure 
Unto Abraham for a possession in the presence 
80,ward, and perished in the gainsaying of Core. 
These are spots in your feasts of
67,up the right pillar, and called the name thereof Jachin: and he set
60,xcellent glory, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pl
72,as nigh at hand. 
The first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene early,
64,er the doings of Israel. 
Therefore the LORD stablished the king
78,and. 
He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believet
70,thee: Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right? 
And the LORD sai
62, into the vineyard; and whatsoever is right, that shall ye rec
80, there was a sore famine in Samaria. 
And Ahab called Obadiah, which was the gov
62,his also for the service which thou shalt serve with me yet se
79,will give thee money for the field; take it of me, and I will bury my dead ther
82,the midst of the throne, and round about the throne, were four beasts full of eyes
81, having an alabaster box of very precious ointment, and poured it on his head, as
74,aith Abraham, when he was called to go out into a place which he should af
80,th to the king of Babylon's princes, and those women shall say, Thy friends have
64,Uzziah died I saw also the LORD sitting upon a throne, high and 
75,se abominations have the men of the land done, which were before you, and t
83,eived seed by the way side. 
But he that received the seed into stony places, the s
77,ppy is he. 
The wise in heart shall be called prudent: and the sweetness of t
68,And Samuel took Saul and his servant, and brought them into the parl
72,; and uphold me with thy free spirit. 
Then will I teach transgressors t
69,be builded, the place where they offered sacrifices, and let the foun
81,land which the LORD sware unto your fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, to give u
60,elt, and abode with him that day: for it was about the tenth
78,keth only rebellion: therefore a cruel messenger shall be sent against him. 
L
69, shew thee what these be. 
And the man that stood among the myrtle tr
84,o the artificers and builders gave they it, to buy hewn stone, and timber for coupli
67,mself. 
But let every man prove his own work, and then shall he hav
59,g before the LORD: it is a sin offering. 
And the priest sh
76,r burnt offerings upon the altar, and your peace offerings; and I will accep
77, Asia, when they saw him in the temple, stirred up all the people, and laid h
65,king Darius, that the word of the LORD came unto Zechariah in the
67,nce of former things; neither shall there be any remembrance of thi
75,And the king sware, and said, As the LORD liveth, that hath redeemed my sou
83,d it fell upon the third part of the rivers, and upon the fountains of waters; 
And
82,ouse of God in the days of Abiathar the high priest, and did eat the shewbread, wh
63,
Thus were they defiled with their own works, and went a whorin
71,hings which defile a man: but to eat with unwashen hands defileth not a
69,andment of the LORD to Joshua, even the city of Arba the father of An
64,n against him. 
These are murmurers, complainers, walking after 
69,Christ, we believe that we shall also live with him: 
Knowing that Ch
70,er it be a woollen garment, or a linen garment; 
Whether it be in the 
72,before Abner. And king David himself followed the bier. 
And they buried
84,s, inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office: 
If by any m
65,tle. 
Now our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and God, even our Father
57,ted, which did put all things under him. 
And when all th
68, Jonathan cried after the lad, Make speed, haste, stay not. And Jona
69, shall be filleted with silver; their hooks shall be of silver, and t
79,f thy flock have I not eaten. 
That which was torn of beasts I brought not unto
67,son of man, thus saith the Lord GOD; Speak unto every feathered fow
83,imson, and fine linen, and wrought cherubims thereon. 
Also he made before the hous
63,t I am pure from the blood of all men. 
For I have not shunned 
58,burnt offering. 
And Aaron shall offer his bullock of the 
78,For bodily exercise profiteth little: but godliness is profitable unto all thi
82,not astray when the children of Israel went astray, as the Levites went astray. 
A
70,is not turned back, neither have our steps declined from thy way; 
Tho
63,clare. 
When I shall receive the congregation I will judge upri
71,and committed them unto the hands of the chief of the guard, which kept
73,e up seed to thy brother. 
And Onan knew that the seed should not be his;
74, God, wherein the heavens being on fire shall be dissolved, and the elemen
83, LORD. 
And Saul said, Let us go down after the Philistines by night, and spoil the
84, the sight of the Egyptians. Moreover the man Moses was very great in the land of Eg
70, Satan, and bound him a thousand years, 
And cast him into the bottoml
73, may see. 
Who is blind, but my servant? or deaf, as my messenger that I 
56,. 
For wisdom is better than rubies; and all the things 
78, are an hundred and thirty years: few and evil have the days of the years of m
56,I was gone up into the mount to receive the tables of st
80,which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about h
64,nto me; that he came unto the man; and, behold, he stood by the 
67,rs of the Canaanites, in whose land I dwell: 
But thou shalt go unt
60,ods overflow me. 
I am weary of my crying: my throat is drie
56, nation, which shall march through the breadth of the la
73, profitable unto you, but have shewed you, and have taught you publickly,
67,th a sacrifice in Bozrah, and a great slaughter in the land of Idum
79,regation. 
And they put him in ward, because it was not declared what should be
60,ned away from him. 
I will be as the dew unto Israel: he sha
68,hat hateth me hateth my Father also. 
If I had not done among them t
79,is day, that ye may learn them, and keep, and do them. 
The LORD our God made a
56,lomon built Millo, and repaired the breaches of the city
74,also before Abishai, and entered into the city. So Joab returned from the 
59,g's gate. 
And Mordecai told him of all that had happened u
75, unto the valley of Eshcol, and saw the land, they discouraged the heart of
74,y shall be darkened, when I shall break there the yokes of Egypt: and the 
76,h God, come forth, and come hither. Then Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, ca
64,salem shall kings bring presents unto thee. 
Rebuke the company 
71,ew in his life. 
Then his brethren and all the house of his father came
75,, and they departed: and he said unto them, See that ye fall not out by the
64,it adultery: 
But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a wo
80,the scriptures daily, whether those things were so. 
Therefore many of them beli
62,eturned from chasing after the Philistines, and they spoiled t
67,on it shall be a young bullock without blemish, and six lambs, and 
58,morning, that if he will perform unto thee the part of a k
82,ood for nothing. 
For as the girdle cleaveth to the loins of a man, so have I caus
60,the vineyard do unto them? 
He shall come and destroy these 
68,RD's wrath be kindled against you, and he shut up the heaven, that t
66,f serpents of the dust. 
The sword without, and terror within, sha
75,nly. 
And some of them were men of Cyprus and Cyrene, which, when they were
60,every man's money into his sack, and to give them provision 
84, righteous. 
The curse of the LORD is in the house of the wicked: but he blesseth th
82, altar in the tent of the congregation before the vail: 
And he burnt sweet incens
66,nd the Greeks. 
And when Silas and Timotheus were come from Macedo
60,o him, Why do the disciples of John and of the Pharisees fas
68,d to fail, 
Saying, When will the new moon be gone, that we may sell
56,y Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the S
71, second, like to a bear, and it raised up itself on one side, and it ha
73,t let not God speak with us, lest we die. 
And Moses said unto the people
64, or honour, nor the life of thine enemies, neither yet hast aske
61,n his hand a sharp sickle. 
And another angel came out of the
76,ought his judgment; seek righteousness, seek meekness: it may be ye shall be
80,places: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD. 
And also I have withh
80,obah, and prevailed against it. 
And he built Tadmor in the wilderness, and all 
68,und about, to carry tidings unto their idols, and to the people. 
An
75,uncover the nakedness of thy mother's sister: for she is thy mother's near 
78,he son of Hillel, a Pirathonite, judged Israel. 
And he had forty sons and thi
59,he sycomores are cut down, but we will change them into ced
66,ot desolate. 
And Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh;
72,ds of it, and the midst of it is burned. Is it meet for any work? 
Behol
61, you priests after the manner of the nations of other lands? 
74,of Manasseh, have received their inheritance beyond Jordan on the east, wh
84, of his work: 
So am I made to possess months of vanity, and wearisome nights are ap
68,ne adversaries, every one of them, shall go into captivity; and they
70, cymbals, making a noise with psalteries and harps. 
And it came to pa
76,d in the kingdom of God. 
Then said he unto him, A certain man made a great 
75,dah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to go a whoring, like to the whoredoms
77,teen years, and begat sons and daughters: 
And all the days of Enos were nine
71,e me as thou hast walked before me. 
And now, O God of Israel, let thy 
60,went up together into the temple at the hour of prayer, bein
79,be inhabited, but it shall be wholly desolate: every one that goeth by Babylon 
62,o in peace from the brethren unto the apostles. 
Notwithstandi
61,e valley of Gerar, and dwelt there. 
And Isaac digged again t
76,of Simeon, and out of the tribe of Benjamin, thirteen cities. 
And the rest 
70,termined in a lawful assembly. 
For we are in danger to be called in q
77,h desolate set up, there shall be a thousand two hundred and ninety days. 
Bl
83,refore shall ye keep mine ordinance, that ye commit not any one of these abominable
74,lkiah begat Azariah, 
And Azariah begat Seraiah, and Seraiah begat Jehozad
83,the house of their idols, and among the people. 
And they put his armour in the hou
62, host. 
And when the dew that lay was gone up, behold, upon th
70,eir damnation slumbereth not. 
For if God spared not the angels that s
80, circumcise the child; and they called him Zacharias, after the name of his fath
56,thee a great name, like unto the name of the great men t
59,membrance: and he called the pillar after his own name: and
81, portion of Jacob is not like them: for he is the former of all things; and Israe
83,nderstanding; 
Yea, if thou criest after knowledge, and liftest up thy voice for un
79,ehold, it shall come down upon Idumea, and upon the people of my curse, to judg
75,of men shall be bowed down, and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day
83,ome of myself, but he that sent me is true, whom ye know not. 
But I know him: for 
84,re me empty:) 
And the feast of harvest, the firstfruits of thy labours, which thou 
65,
But the meek shall inherit the earth; and shall delight themselv
73, the scribes and the chief of the people sought to destroy him, 
And coul
79, a censer, and put fire therein from off the altar, and put on incense, and go 
61,s gone: my soul failed when he spake: I sought him, but I cou
76,king of Assyria, Make an agreement with me by a present, and come out to me:
83,hou, O God, hast proved us: thou hast tried us, as silver is tried. 
Thou broughtes
77,emy, whithersoever thou shalt send them, and shall pray unto the LORD toward 
79,deliver himself: 
Neither shall he stand that handleth the bow; and he that is 
79, the wicked are to lie in wait for blood: but the mouth of the upright shall de
78, be stayed? 
Hast thou commanded the morning since thy days; and caused the da
74,o a pit: and the pit was empty, there was no water in it. 
And they sat do
78, water, he saw the heavens opened, and the Spirit like a dove descending upon 
65,of the fathers of Israel, for the judgment of the LORD, and for c
73, 
Then shall the cities of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem go, and cry
79, door was opened unto me of the Lord, 
I had no rest in my spirit, because I fo
61,n. 
And he took them up in his arms, put his hands upon them,
57,ught him, and brought him to the council, 
And set up fal
59, me, it is better for him that a millstone were hanged abou
68, me thirty sheets and thirty change of garments. And they said unto 
57,lieve not, because ye are not of my sheep, as I said unto
60, priest. 
Then Solomon sat on the throne of the LORD as king
78,a desert place, and the time is now past; send the multitude away, that they m
62, her neighbour, and of her that sojourneth in her house, jewel
75,ight of an hundred and thirty shekels, a silver bowl of seventy shekels, af
75,ore and ten thousand men that drew sword. 
But Levi and Benjamin counted he
59,
Let thine eyes look right on, and let thine eyelids look s
72,s fire, shall devour you. 
And the people shall be as the burnings of li
82,t Sidon his first born, and Heth, 
And the Jebusite, and the Amorite, and the Girg
56, not thy servant away in anger: thou hast been my help; 
82,son of Zohar, 
That he may give me the cave of Machpelah, which he hath, which is 
79, cubits, with the inner temple, and the porches of the court; 
The door posts, 
67,restlings have I wrestled with my sister, and I have prevailed: and
64,is anointed; he will hear him from his holy heaven with the savi
60,f the east. 
These are the sons of Shem, after their familie
71, grope for the wall like the blind, and we grope as if we had no eyes: 
63,e of a man is his kindness: and a poor man is better than a lia
74,ylon, my servant, and will bring them against this land, and against the i
65,, thou shalt surely help with him. 
Thou shalt not wrest the judg
79,od, he it is that brought us up and our fathers out of the land of Egypt, from 
64,Philistines, although that was near; for God said, Lest peradven
59,is own children: for they have observed thy word, and kept 
62,ellously helped, till he was strong. 
But when he was strong, 
76,ight thereof was great. 
The tree grew, and was strong, and the height there
64,A fountain of gardens, a well of living waters, and streams from
65,e children of Hatipha. 
The children of Solomon's servants: the c
63,e king, saying, Ye children of Israel, turn again unto the LORD
76,
And on the fourth day they assembled themselves in the valley of Berachah; 
76,der. 
In the land shall be his possession in Israel: and my princes shall no
80,f a beryl stone. 
And as for their appearances, they four had one likeness, as i
59,D, are the sons of Aaron, and the Levites wait upon their b
70,ard God, and toward his house. 
Now after the death of Jehoiada came t
71,D, and said unto me, Buy my field, I pray thee, that is in Anathoth, wh
81,of the river seven kine, fatfleshed and well favoured; and they fed in a meadow: 
67,that it shall not be moved: he shall judge the people righteously. 
71,was again a battle in Gob with the Philistines, where Elhanan the son o
72,nd I did so as I was commanded: I brought forth my stuff by day, as stuf
62,the seed of David was raised from the dead according to my gos
77,Ithamar, his sons, Uncover not your heads, neither rend your clothes; lest ye
73,ocent: his eyes are privily set against the poor. 
He lieth in wait secre
65, out from one fire, and another fire shall devour them; and ye sh
75,ou out of my presence: 
And I will bring an everlasting reproach upon you, 
79,rest of the people, Be not ye afraid of them: remember the LORD, which is great
82,f thee what thou thinkest: for as concerning this sect, we know that every where i
58,offering of the sanctuary. So the people were restrained f
79,ed the world by his wisdom, and hath stretched out the heaven by his understand
65,eep silence. And all that stood by him went out from him. 
And Eh
57,them: and I will be with thee. 
And it came to pass, when
59, stones are wrapped together. 
His bones are as strong piec
67,rrors of the people: 
The Holy Ghost this signifying, that the way 
56,sand men. 
And when the angel stretched out his hand upo
65, who was of the inhabitants of Gilead, said unto Ahab, As the LOR
63,our hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters. 
An
66,fore you to preserve life. 
For these two years hath the famine be
60,fied him exceedingly. 
Then Solomon spake unto all Israel, t
77, Kibrothhattaavah. 
And they departed from Kibrothhattaavah, and encamped at 
73, princes had promised them. 
And Joshua called for them, and he spake unt
78, believed in vain. 
For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also re
71,taken her to me to wife: now therefore behold thy wife, take her, and g
74,he multitude of thy strangers shall be like small dust, and the multitude 
73,t were in Ai were called together to pursue after them: and they pursued 
71,a byword among all nations. 
And this house, which is high, shall be an
76,o make a table of shittim wood: two cubits shall be the length thereof, and 
77, unto the west side, a portion for Ephraim. 
And by the border of Ephraim, fr
61,Aijalon with her suburbs, Gathrimmon with her suburbs; four c
69,him out of the hand of all his enemies, and out of the hand of Saul: 
77,the land of Juda, art not the least among the princes of Juda: for out of the
78,ke as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child: but when I becam
56,e the rest of the Amalekites that were escaped, and dwel
76,either kill me, nor deliver me into the hands of my master, and I will bring
70,rimstone. 
Thus will I magnify myself, and sanctify myself; and I will
57,e that have eyes, and the deaf that have ears. 
Let all t
72,eeth; mine enemy sharpeneth his eyes upon me. 
They have gaped upon me w
70, Ashtaroth with her suburbs: 
And out of the tribe of Issachar; Kedesh
83,f, and darkness shall pursue his enemies. 
What do ye imagine against the LORD? he 
60,ll be able to teach others also. 
Thou therefore endure hard
63,etousness, which is idolatry: 
For which things' sake the wrath
69,es upon the green grass. 
And they sat down in ranks, by hundreds, an
84,o walk in his statutes, and to keep his commandments, as at this day. 
And the king,
61,ness of the LORD, and in the service of the king. 
Among the 
78,as a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMI
58,ok him away out of our hands, 
Commanding his accusers to 
59,redoms, until your carcases be wasted in the wilderness. 
A
70,ted from me, a lion shall slay thee. And as soon as he was departed fr
59,ered? 
Oh that my head were waters, and mine eyes a fountai
68,messengers before him to Esau his brother unto the land of Seir, the
57,, lo, we turn to the Gentiles. 
For so hath the Lord comm
76,e word of the LORD, O king of Judah, that sittest upon the throne of David, 
56,inning of wisdom: and the knowledge of the holy is under
60,iff neck: behold, while I am yet alive with you this day, ye
78,And the woman conceived, and sent and told David, and said, I am with child. 

83,h awoke. 
And he slept and dreamed the second time: and, behold, seven ears of corn
76, thanks unto thee, O LORD, among the heathen, and I will sing praises unto t
76,book which thou hast written. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Whosoever hath 
77,replenished. 
And by great waters the seed of Sihor, the harvest of the river
71,their God. 
And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and ther
63,men of might, reckoned in all by their genealogies fourscore an
77,with thee, and if thou hast not gone aside to uncleanness with another instea
81,swereth to face, so the heart of man to man. 
Hell and destruction are never full
83,and said unto them, Thus saith God, Why transgress ye the commandments of the LORD,
80, the LORD: he is their help and their shield. 
The LORD hath been mindful of us:
73,re like unto ashes, your bodies to bodies of clay. 
Hold your peace, let 
73,ai the Jew was next unto king Ahasuerus, and great among the Jews, and ac
62,re the misery of man is great upon him. 
For he knoweth not th
75, thousand sheep, and three thousand camels, and five hundred yoke of oxen, 
77,light himself in the Almighty? will he always call upon God? 
I will teach yo
67,nd prayed, and gave thanks before his God, as he did aforetime. 
Th
83,usts and wild honey; 
And preached, saying, There cometh one mightier than I after 
70,rong that dwell in the land, and the cities are walled, and very great
69, as nothing before thee: verily every man at his best state is altoge
63,send a fire on the wall of Gaza, which shall devour the palaces
69,the LORD, when I set my face against them. 
And I will make the land 
65,hath spoken it presumptuously: thou shalt not be afraid of him. 

66, of the throne, and round about the throne, were four beasts full 
59, sword go forth out of his sheath against all flesh from th
74,, and that your joy might be full. 
This is my commandment, That ye love o
59, to Jeremiah from the LORD, saying, 
Arise, and go down to 
71,f Jehoshaphat, who sought the LORD with all his heart. So the house of 
84,oy and cut them down; and thou shalt build bulwarks against the city that maketh war
78,or a divider over you? 
And he said unto them, Take heed, and beware of coveto
73,hich he placed among men; 
And delivered his strength into captivity, and
71,nd rend you. 
Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; 
81,en me the tongue of the learned, that I should know how to speak a word in season
71,cond day, behold, two men of the Hebrews strove together: and he said t
72,vil. 
And there were born unto him seven sons and three daughters. 
His 
64, said, How many hired servants of my father's have bread enough 
76,. 
And Mary arose in those days, and went into the hill country with haste, 
78,, and fine twined linen, wrought with needlework. 
And thou shalt make for the
82,l the land of your possession ye shall grant a redemption for the land. 
If thy br
68,that hath an issue, and whosoever is defiled by the dead: 
Both male
81, time in Israel concerning redeeming and concerning changing, for to confirm all 
75, But they cried out the more, saying, Let him be crucified. 
When Pilate sa
56,d of heaven concerning this secret; that Daniel and his 
60,there on the one side and on the other upon the six steps: t
68,a, though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now henceforth k
78, that in a great trial of affliction the abundance of their joy and their deep
59,her made him a little coat, and brought it to him from year
76,Though the root thereof wax old in the earth, and the stock thereof die in t
62, yea, thou hast played the harlot with them, and yet couldest 
57,beseech you as strangers and pilgrims, abstain from flesh
75,all I do? for my lord taketh away from me the stewardship: I cannot dig; to
65,t; and Aaron whom he had chosen. 
They shewed his signs among the
79, their fathers, who were the princes of the tribes, and were over them that wer
80,ore vexed: but thou, O LORD, how long? 
Return, O LORD, deliver my soul: oh save
83, given water to the weary to drink, and thou hast withholden bread from the hungry.
61, tongue shall slay him. 
He shall not see the rivers, the flo
57,eaven, as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of a
62,e seen with our eyes, which we have looked upon, and our hands
70,r head over all the inhabitants of Gilead. 
And Jephthah said unto the
69,r the judgments, which thou commandedst thy servant Moses. 
Remember,
84,, and his wife had told him these things, that his heart died within him, and he bec
82,him, so did he. 
And the LORD said unto Noah, Come thou and all thy house into the
84, him: he respecteth not any that are wise of heart. 
Then the LORD answered Job out 
78,forsaken me, and therefore have I also left you in the hand of Shishak. 
Where
64,f the tribe of the children of Dan, Bukki the son of Jogli. 
The
84,RD. 
Shout against her round about: she hath given her hand: her foundations are fal
73,, the days come, that all that is in thine house, and that which thy fath
78,r my prayer. 
O ye sons of men, how long will ye turn my glory into shame? how
59,RD: this is holy for the priest, with the wave breast and h
79,he sand: 
And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and 
65,it may be, so many kinds of voices in the world, and none of them
64,n out of the sacrifices of peace offerings of the children of Is
64,he wife of Cleophas, and Mary Magdalene. 
When Jesus therefore s
80, every one his day; and sent and called for their three sisters to eat and to dr
57,tely the leprosy departed from him, and he was cleansed. 
68,l the beasts thereof from beside the great waters; neither shall the
83, the heaven, and for the beasts of the earth. 
And I will make this city desolate, 
80,tten my name for Baal. 
The prophet that hath a dream, let him tell a dream; and
59,oth, and Jehiel, and Unni, and Eliab, and Maaseiah, and Ben
81,y for a night? 
Why shouldest thou be as a man astonied, as a mighty man that can
81,ay unto you, That ye resist not evil: but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right
58,ion from you? 
Ye are our epistle written in our hearts, k
81, people, forasmuch as the LORD hath blessed me hitherto? 
And Joshua answered the
72, I send receiveth me; and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent m
61,. This was the dedication of the altar, after that it was ano
77,brethren a Midianitish woman in the sight of Moses, and in the sight of all t
79,ey had emerods in their secret parts. 
Therefore they sent the ark of God to Ek
64,thered together of prophets four hundred men, and said unto them
75,nger, and of great kindness, and repentest thee of the evil. 
Therefore now
56,d worshipped. 
And afterward Moses and Aaron went in, an
72, will I not break, nor alter the thing that is gone out of my lips. 
Onc
77, him, Behold, thy brother Esau, as touching thee, doth comfort himself, purpo
62, the money unto his mother; and his mother took two hundred sh
60, ointment, and didst increase thy perfumes, and didst send t
65,for all living. 
Howbeit he will not stretch out his hand to the 
69,d goeth toward the south, and turneth about unto the north; it whirle
73,use of Israel, saith the Lord GOD. 
Moreover the word of the LORD came un
66,; yet if they pray toward this place, and confess thy name, and tu
80,ever is of a willing heart, let him bring it, an offering of the LORD; gold, and
68,ounsels; cast them out in the multitude of their transgressions; for
77,d on every man his sword; and David also girded on his sword: and there went 
83, seven and twentieth year, in the first month, in the first day of the month, the w
73,ame in a little ship; (for they were not far from land, but as it were tw
78,oor of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And thou shalt take of the blood o
78,tion thereof to thine enemies. 
The tree that thou sawest, which grew, and was
76,kers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same; tha
83,erchandise of thine hand: they brought thee for a present horns of ivory and ebony.
72, which was by the network: and the pomegranates were two hundred in rows
68,hee. 
While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, 
61,n words: for because of these things cometh the wrath of God 
69,se. 
And it was so, when the king went into the house of the LORD, th
75, of the LORD came unto him, saying, 
Arise, get thee to Zarephath, which be
67,words, which I command thee this day, shall be in thine heart: 
And
62,horn spake: I beheld even till the beast was slain, and his bo
67,o came and pitched before Medeba. And the children of Ammon gathere
84,life. 
I will say unto God my rock, Why hast thou forgotten me? why go I mourning be
62,' feet were lifted up unto the dry land, that the waters of Jo
66,t should fail before me, and the souls which I have made. 
For the
81,ast. 
All ye that are about him, bemoan him; and all ye that know his name, say, 
70,e beams of his chambers in the waters: who maketh the clouds his chari
73,Then I went to Euphrates, and digged, and took the girdle from the place 
76,lvation ready to be revealed in the last time. 
Wherein ye greatly rejoice, 
65, the Pharisees, Are ye also deceived? 
Have any of the rulers or 
67, will reveal unto them the abundance of peace and truth. 
And I wil
75,niah, 
Hazor, Ramah, Gittaim, 
Hadid, Zeboim, Neballat, 
Lod, and Ono, the 
83,d he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant. 
God s
76,rs mocking said, These men are full of new wine. 
But Peter, standing up wit
81, of the release: Every creditor that lendeth ought unto his neighbour shall relea
57,ed, and be still. Selah. 
Offer the sacrifices of righteo
56,lay the wise men of Babylon: 
He answered and said to Ar
81,n, he dismissed the assembly. 
And after the uproar was ceased, Paul called unto 
71,have not found evil in thee since the day of thy coming unto me unto th
66,of the LORD of hosts came unto me, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD of
65,e a goldsmith; and he maketh it a god: they fall down, yea, they 
68,ld handle shield and buckler, whose faces were like the faces of lio
64,ties and powers being made subject unto him. 
Forasmuch then as 
77,rth the law, and the word of the LORD from Jerusalem. 
And he shall judge amo
64,out thereby: he shall cover his face, that he see not the ground
62, Go ye, serve the LORD; only let your flocks and your herds be
84,in thee is my trust; leave not my soul destitute. 
Keep me from the snares which the
69,e in Egypt, and when all her helpers shall be destroyed. 
In that day
77, saith the Lord GOD. 
And they, whether they will hear, or whether they will 
62, Samuel went to Ramah; and Saul went up to his house to Gibeah
83,e king's letters. Now the king had sent captains of the army and horsemen with me. 
81,an hath seen, nor can see: to whom be honour and power everlasting. Amen. 
Charge
76,uth, and hast fulfilled it with thine hand, as it is this day. 
Now therefor
67, push at him: and the king of the north shall come against him like
72,establish you, and to comfort you concerning your faith: 
That no man sh
64,rayer, and the supply of the Spirit of Jesus Christ, 
According 
75,cause he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the hoof; he is unclean unto you
61,r dreams which they tell every man to his neighbour, as their
62,ye shall know that I am the LORD. 
As for you, O house of Isra
75,man from day to day, and from month to month, to the twelfth month, that is
60,ph, came the Spirit of the LORD in the midst of the congrega
74,ire that consumeth to destruction, and would root out all mine increase. 

62,him armed men with bow and shield two hundred thousand. 
And n
57,It is like leaven, which a woman took and hid in three me
83,f rest unto you, and ye shall afflict your souls, by a statute for ever. 
And the p
78,the plague have not changed his colour, and the plague be not spread; it is un
72,ng and lamentation. 
And he hath violently taken away his tabernacle, as
56,aid unto Moses, Because there were no graves in Egypt, h
67,ke unto thee. 
And I have also given thee that which thou hast not 
83,an unto you: every one that toucheth them shall be unclean. 
And whatsoever goeth u
80, the son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan: and in the hearts of all that are wi
57,f of them over against mount Gerizim, and half of them ov
68,ss not the widow, nor the fatherless, the stranger, nor the poor; an
60,r, shall be to consume thine eyes, and to grieve thine heart
72,h. 
And on the other side Jordan by Jericho eastward, they assigned Beze
72,e hand; therefore thou wast not grieved. 
And of whom hast thou been afr
60, of justice; they take delight in approaching to God. 
Where
73, one body. 
And the eye cannot say unto the hand, I have no need of thee:
56,they shall possess the double: everlasting joy shall be 
70,her, If they bind me fast with new ropes that never were occupied, the
74,e Lord GOD, The city sheddeth blood in the midst of it, that her time may 
56,nd the house of Pharaoh heard. 
And Joseph said unto his
82,rbs, 
Dimnah with her suburbs, Nahalal with her suburbs; four cities. 
And out of 
82,elve apostles are these; The first, Simon, who is called Peter, and Andrew his bro
59,ity of waters. 
Now therefore gather the rest of the people
68, shortly be brought again from Babylon: for they prophesy a lie unto
71,al; yea, their altars are as heaps in the furrows of the fields. 
And J
68,e nations. 
For the LORD of hosts hath purposed, and who shall disan
67,nd about him. 
He shall call to the heavens from above, and to the 
64,nd very terrible; and who can abide it? 
Therefore also now, sai
80,t was in thine heart to build an house unto my name, thou didst well that it was
68,m: but she shall be given up, and they that brought her, and he that
79,gates; thou shalt not forsake him; for he hath no part nor inheritance with the
71,hall work be done: but the seventh day is the sabbath of rest, an holy 
66,e north, and in Issachar on the east. 
And Manasseh had in Issacha
62,ns of Abinadab, drave the new cart. 
And they brought it out o
64,eth with his feet, he teacheth with his fingers; 
Frowardness is
82,he cords. And Jeremiah did so. 
So they drew up Jeremiah with cords, and took him 
84,h the place of stones. 
If he destroy him from his place, then it shall deny him, sa
82,and waved them for a wave offering before the LORD. 
And Moses took them from off 
67,nd his sons' garments, to minister in the priest's office. 
Accordi
78, destroyed. 
Evil pursueth sinners: but to the righteous good shall be repayed
71,
To whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all; first being by interpre
73, earth; Peace be multiplied unto you. 
I thought it good to shew the sign
63, were eyes like the eyes of man, and a mouth speaking great thi
74,ry; and he shall eat on the left hand, and they shall not be satisfied: th
69, waters; 
Which bringeth forth the chariot and horse, the army and th
63,hophach the captain of the host. 
And when the servants of Hada
57,. 
And in all vineyards shall be wailing: for I will pass
71,t only to believe on him, but also to suffer for his sake; 
Having the 
78,s not of the children of Israel; we will pass over to Gibeah. 
And he said unt
59, make a new cart, and take two milch kine, on which there h
68,ove the brethren. He that loveth not his brother abideth in death. 

75,s dominion. 
And all the people that were left of the Amorites, Hittites, P
72,e the interpretation thereof. 
The Chaldeans answered before the king, a
84,nrighteousness; 
But was rebuked for his iniquity: the dumb ass speaking with man's 
67,ul loatheth this light bread. 
And the LORD sent fiery serpents amo
65,God's stead, who hath withheld from thee the fruit of the womb? 

75,ch sword proceeded out of his mouth: and all the fowls were filled with the
72,ot now speak particularly. 
Now when these things were thus ordained, th
62,sound of a millstone shall be heard no more at all in thee; 
A
61,, and pitched in Rithmah. 
And they departed from Rithmah, an
83,ollow thee, then thou shalt be clear from this my oath: only bring not my son thith
67, the lions, and the feedingplace of the young lions, where the lion
82,e second sabbath after the first, that he went through the corn fields; and his di
80,not do all these commandments; 
And if ye shall despise my statutes, or if your 
67, pieces many people: and I will consecrate their gain unto the LORD
61,ve healed Babylon, but she is not healed: forsake her, and le
76,rom the isles of Elishah was that which covered thee. 
The inhabitants of Zi
75,e scholar. 
Now the first lot came forth for Asaph to Joseph: the second to
81,of him: but woe to that man by whom the Son of man is betrayed! good were it for 
75,seen that which backsliding Israel hath done? she is gone up upon every hig
59,en? put away thy wine from thee. 
And Hannah answered and s
74,out of the prison. And he said, Go shew these things unto James, and to th
57,hold, they cried out, saying, What have we to do with the
60, and for the burnt offerings morning and evening, on the sab
80,e a false witness, and hath testified falsely against his brother; 
Then shall y
68, am with you, saith the LORD of hosts: 
According to the word that I
61,e would give it to him for a possession, and to his seed afte
62,r: 
And also unto the Levites; they shall no more carry the ta
77,ing thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to k
61,ey, and none delivereth; for a spoil, and none saith, Restore
68,med him with a coat of mail. 
And David girded his sword upon his ar
66,s, and their sons, and their daughters, were taken captives. 
Then
67,and pottage of lentiles; and he did eat and drink, and rose up, and
60,the face of the whole earth: for every one that stealeth sha
75,iests, and the people, transgressed very much after all the abominations of
84,ordan. 
The LORD thy God, he will go over before thee, and he will destroy these nat
84,way, even unto the end of the world. Amen. 
The beginning of the gospel of Jesus Chr
64,hey shall tremble as a bird out of Egypt, and as a dove out of t
62,d he with the twelfth: and Elijah passed by him, and cast his 
64,bstance in the day of their calamity; 
Neither shouldest thou ha
61,and let others bow down upon her. 
For this is an heinous cri
56,le to bear all this people alone, because it is too heav
63, should tell no man what things they had seen, till the Son of 
81,be more just than God? shall a man be more pure than his maker? 
Behold, he put n
76,them together into the east street, 
And said unto them, Hear me, ye Levites
71,is house, as a servant, for a testimony of those things which were to b
81,hat thou shalt be dumb, and shalt not be to them a reprover: for they are a rebel
84,blood; 
And they sent the coat of many colours, and they brought it to their father;
74, the going down of the sun to deliver him. 
Then these men assembled unto 
62,t man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man whic
59,will therefore that the younger women marry, bear children,
79,the souls of the poor innocents: I have not found it by secret search, but upon
62,hold, even I have seen it, saith the LORD. 
But go ye now unto
58,is devices against the strong holds, even for a time. 
And
62,ith usury? 
And he said unto them that stood by, Take from him
83,, Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be
71,upon that house; and it fell not: for it was founded upon a rock. 
And 
61,ye so sadly to day? 
And they said unto him, We have dreamed 
81,our things be done with charity. 
I beseech you, brethren, (ye know the house of 
61,hall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved. 
And this 
72,s glory; why yet am I also judged as a sinner? 
And not rather, (as we b
68,himself greatly before the God of his fathers, 
And prayed unto him:
57,warmed himself at the fire. 
And the chief priests and al
67,ocusts into thy coast: 
And they shall cover the face of the earth,
84,n the house of your prison: go ye, carry corn for the famine of your houses: 
But br
76,ll the earth! who hast set thy glory above the heavens. 
Out of the mouth of
63,ong you also, even as among other Gentiles. 
I am debtor both t
81,ypt, and a pillar at the border thereof to the LORD. 
And it shall be for a sign 
73,mandment of the king in the court of the house of the LORD. 
Thus Joash t
74,the Lord been revealed? 
Therefore they could not believe, because that Es
78,ou art wholly gone up to the housetops? 
Thou that art full of stirs, a tumult
67,ay the truth: but now I forbear, lest any man should think of me ab
63, prepared; he hath made it deep and large: the pile thereof is 
71,ke by me, and his word was in my tongue. 
The God of Israel said, the R
58, die in your sins. 
Then said they unto him, Who art thou?
68,o the death in the high places of the field. 
The kings came and fou
81,uel ministered unto the LORD before Eli. And the word of the LORD was precious in
70,shpools in Heshbon, by the gate of Bathrabbim: thy nose is as the towe
68,d spoons thereof, and covers thereof, and bowls thereof, to cover wi
57,re come out of the captivity unto Jerusalem; and appointe
83,ire, after the abominations of the heathen whom the LORD had cast out before the ch
82,ke. 
But if any man say unto you, this is offered in sacrifice unto idols, eat not
63, it should make the promise of none effect. 
For if the inherit
74,nto Caleb the son of Jephunneh he gave a part among the children of Judah,
68,l also bring it to pass; I have purposed it, I will also do it. 
Hea
81,f thy wisdom: 
Howbeit I believed not their words, until I came, and mine eyes ha
73,s house, into the scribe's chamber: and, lo, all the princes sat there, e
63,es granted repentance unto life. 
Now they which were scattered
64, the ferret, and the chameleon, and the lizard, and the snail, a
76,th, the sea, and all that therein is: which keepeth truth for ever: 
Which e
62,
He shall put on the holy linen coat, and he shall have the li
69,nd the wife see that she reverence her husband. 
Children, obey your 
60,of Ramah, and the timber thereof, wherewith Baasha was build
61,be unto me a father and a priest, and I will give thee ten sh
72,eeketh for; but the election hath obtained it, and the rest were blinded
75,with Baasha king of Israel, that he may depart from me. 
And Benhadad heark
84,, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inh
67,fore suffered I thee not to touch her. 
Now therefore restore the m
78,vetousness, from the prophet even unto the priest every one dealeth falsely. 

63,y thee, that thou mayest be a multitude of people; 
And give th
78,an were an hundred thousand and fifty and seven thousand and six hundred. They
60,refore thou shalt have none that shall cast a cord by lot in
59,od forbid. 
For if I build again the things which I destroy
82,ey sent out into all that country round about, and brought unto him all that were 
73, 
And it came to pass, that when Zedekiah the king of Judah saw them, and
70,inistration were accomplished, he departed to his own house. 
And afte
83,l he reprove thee for fear of thee? will he enter with thee into judgment? 
Is not 
67,or a covering. 
But if any man seem to be contentious, we have no s
75, the sight of the elders of Israel. 
And he called the name of the place Ma
67, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, I am the LO
79,esolation, and an astonishment, and a curse, without an inhabitant, as at this 
69,GOD, I will prepare thee unto blood, and blood shall pursue thee: sit
58,he LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will bring 
60,also may glorify thee: 
As thou hast given him power over al
65,be stretched forth upon Jerusalem. 
Cry yet, saying, Thus saith t
78,em, every one to his place, and place them in the house of God. 
Now therefore
71,e earth. 
But mine eyes are unto thee, O GOD the Lord: in thee is my tr
60,ervant abide instead of the lad a bondman to my lord; and le
77,e, or on the ground, whether they be young ones, or eggs, and the dam sitting
78, 
And Joab answered and said, Far be it, far be it from me, that I should swal
81,ory of the moon, and another glory of the stars: for one star differeth from anot
74,n him; and the priests, which minister unto the LORD, are the sons of Aaro
75,thou, and many people with thee, all of them riding upon horses, a great co
81,nhabitants of Jerusalem, the children of Judah could not drive them out; but the 
64,ok with them John, whose surname was Mark. 
Now there were in th
64,s among their rods. 
And Moses laid up the rods before the LORD 
57,delivered them into the hands of spoilers that spoiled th
64, and in thy righteousness. 
And enter not into judgment with thy
56, men of valour for the war, seven thousand and one hundr
67, brought to confusion together that rejoice at mine hurt: let them 
81,ll strengthen him. 
The enemy shall not exact upon him; nor the son of wickedness
81,d themselves, and came, according to the commandment of the king, by the words of
71, own name, him ye will receive. 
How can ye believe, which receive hono
70,, why marvel ye at this? or why look ye so earnestly on us, as though 
72,their pillars three, and their sockets three. 
And for the gate of the c
58, in the midst thereof, like a roaring lion ravening the pr
62,rest in mine house, and flourishing in my palace: 
I saw a dre
83,d unto him vain men, the children of Belial, and have strengthened themselves again
68,e chosen him to be my son, and I will be his father. 
Moreover I wil
83,the Spirit. 
But ye, beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, prayi
79, sea ceased from her raging. 
Then the men feared the LORD exceedingly, and off
71,nd see that it is an evil thing and bitter, that thou hast forsaken the
67,Jesus the Christ. 
From that time forth began Jesus to shew unto hi
