1000
70,e law of him that hath an issue, and of him whose seed goeth from him,
76,wise disperse knowledge: but the heart of the foolish doeth not so. 
The sac
66,nd king Solomon answered and said unto his mother, And why dost th
81, I will cure them, and will reveal unto them the abundance of peace and truth. 
A
82, 
And I will give children to be their princes, and babes shall rule over them. 
A
62,se and thine ears; and thy remnant shall fall by the sword: th
72,hen Jesus saw great multitudes about him, he gave commandment to depart 
73,hall be opened. 
And the prince shall enter by the way of the porch of th
65, the people began to commit whoredom with the daughters of Moab. 
67,th David, when they defied the Philistines that were there gathered
57,urn it upon the altar: it is the food of the offering mad
59,build houses, and inhabit them; and they shall plant vineya
75,ed John in the prison. 
And his head was brought in a charger, and given to
56,e; neither his ear heavy, that it cannot hear: 
But your
67,t thou this, O man, that judgest them which do such things, and doe
64,that were therein with the edge of the sword, utterly destroying
81,y to betray him unto them in the absence of the multitude. 
Then came the day of 
59,rcy; that we may rejoice and be glad all our days. 
Make us
75,e birds shall eat thy flesh from off thee. 
And it came to pass the third d
77,ed, and carrying bows, turned back in the day of battle. 
They kept not the c
61,ould be in vain in this behalf; that, as I said, ye may be re
59,I hear that there be divisions among you; and I partly beli
66,t Peter said unto him, Thy money perish with thee, because thou ha
66, the mighty men were on his right hand and on his left. 
And thus 
64,wo oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year:
74,as pleasing men, but God, which trieth our hearts. 
For neither at any tim
84,ys of Enos were nine hundred and five years: and he died. 
And Cainan lived seventy 
67,he stedfastness of your faith in Christ. 
As ye have therefore rece
59,ing to the breadth of the house; and ten cubits was the bre
67, an house to dwell in, a settled place for thee to abide in for eve
74,ople spake against God, and against Moses, Wherefore have ye brought us up
72,cannot be quiet. 
Damascus is waxed feeble, and turneth herself to flee,
59,that despise them round about them; and they shall know tha
68,peculiar people, zealous of good works. 
These things speak, and exh
58, a sore slaughter; it is furbished that it may glitter: sh
57,ai. 
Of Asher; Pagiel the son of Ocran. 
Of Gad; Eliasaph
64,f your head perish. 
In your patience possess ye your souls. 
An
78,he be defiled: or if the spirit of jealousy come upon him, and he be jealous o
65, kid in his mother's milk. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Write t
78,order shall go on to Ziphron, and the goings out of it shall be at Hazarenan: 
72,force of my disease is my garment changed: it bindeth me about as the co
66,ifted up their wings to mount up from the earth, the same wheels a
72, ox shall be quit. 
But if the ox were wont to push with his horn in tim
73,ose waters are moved as the rivers? 
Egypt riseth up like a flood, and hi
73,of Assyria sent him,) and fought against Ashdod, and took it; 
At the sam
65, my soul may bless thee before I die. 
And Rebekah heard when Isa
80,m down from Lebanon unto the sea: and I will convey them by sea in floats unto t
68,he LORD be upon you: we bless you in the name of the LORD. 
Out of t
63,e: and I will send them, and they shall rise, and go through th
68, and not after Christ. 
For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the G
60,ses, even twelve rods: and the rod of Aaron was among their 
66, between Succoth and Zarthan. 
And Solomon left all the vessels un
58,hereof are the ways of death. 
Even in laughter the heart 
79,ne another: 
According to the number of years after the jubile thou shalt buy o
75, Paul, contradicting and blaspheming. 
Then Paul and Barnabas waxed bold, a
69,elped them, and watered their flock. 
And when they came to Reuel the
75,ses, they will faint by the way: for divers of them came from far. 
And his
61,water, (for Jordan overfloweth all his banks all the time of 
77,tretched themselves shall be removed. 
The Lord GOD hath sworn by himself, sa
57, What doest thou? 
Say thou unto them, Thus saith the Lor
61,w. 
And I will satiate the soul of the priests with fatness, 
63,ersia, to give us a reviving, to set up the house of our God, a
84,eets, that they may have glory of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward
75, the LORD your God commanded to teach you, that ye might do them in the lan
75,annah, and Sansannah, 
And Lebaoth, and Shilhim, and Ain, and Rimmon: all t
56, and come; gather yourselves on every side to my sacrifi
56, Behold, we come unto thee; for thou art the LORD our Go
63,jah, and to Jedaiah, and to Hen the son of Zephaniah, for a mem
74, of the Lord Jesus, and disputed against the Grecians: but they went about
83,nd said, They do alway err in their heart; and they have not known my ways. 
So I s
57,proaches and afflictions; and partly, whilst ye became co
83,e the name of the LORD: for he commanded, and they were created. 
He hath also stab
76, and five years old and upward they shall go in to wait upon the service of 
66,abitants of the land, the Canaanites, saw the mourning in the floo
65,t of all the tribes of Israel, to put his name there. And his mot
70, Hezekiah answered, All that is in mine house have they seen: there is
70, land, and described it by cities into seven parts in a book, and came
84,all be put to death; because he hath spoken to turn you away from the LORD your God,
81,ing of the shooting up of the latter growth; and, lo, it was the latter growth af
80,reescore and six talents of gold; 
Beside that which chapmen and merchants broug
69, took the body of Saul and the bodies of his sons from the wall of Be
58,e vessels thereof. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto
75,orks: otherwise grace is no more grace. But if it be of works, then it is n
64,ssed are those servants, whom the lord when he cometh shall find
80,great army. And he stood by the conduit of the upper pool in the highway of the 
78,not be spoken to them any more: 
(For they could not endure that which was com
58,e returned to the camp to Joshua at Makkedah in peace: non
65,th speaking great things. 
I beheld till the thrones were cast do
64,b said, Sell me this day thy birthright. 
And Esau said, Behold,
83, went up from him in the place where he talked with him. 
And Jacob set up a pillar
79,en say thou, Thy servant Uriah the Hittite is dead also. 
So the messenger went
73,prison, and committed him unto Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shap
73,these were joined together in the vale of Siddim, which is the salt sea. 
61, is crucified with him, that the body of sin might be destroy
62, three that bear witness in earth, the Spirit, and the water, 
77, confounded and turned back that hate Zion. 
Let them be as the grass upon th
66,e rest and to the inheritance, which the LORD your God giveth you.
81, that day, Lo, this is our God; we have waited for him, and he will save us: this
81,ent messengers to Ahab king of Israel into the city, and said unto him, Thus sait
78, in every church, and had prayed with fasting, they commended them to the Lord
80,Jerusalem, saying, Ye shall have peace; whereas the sword reacheth unto the soul
66,till do wickedly, ye shall be consumed, both ye and your king. 
Sa
56,mily of the Shillemites. 
These are the families of Naph
68,
Unto you therefore which believe he is precious: but unto them whic
58,dod, and took it; 
At the same time spake the LORD by Isai
74,es and all the congregation. 
And the men which were expressed by name ros
70,ons bow down to thee: be lord over thy brethren, and let thy mother's 
74,t away evil from among you. 
But if a man find a betrothed damsel in the f
71,r the city to draw near, even every man with his destroying weapon in h
64,in the midst of thy land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee to 
65,oke him to anger through the work of your hands. 
And Moses spake
81, 
Howbeit we speak wisdom among them that are perfect: yet not the wisdom of this
71,heap dust, and take it. 
Then shall his mind change, and he shall pass 
67,gypt and Chanaan, and great affliction: and our fathers found no su
66, weep over Saul, who clothed you in scarlet, with other delights, 
81, thirty chargers of gold, a thousand chargers of silver, nine and twenty knives, 
69,ace at this time, then shall there enlargement and deliverance arise 
80,r unto my voice, when I cry unto thee. 
Let my prayer be set forth before thee a
73,ardon mine iniquity; for it is great. 
What man is he that feareth the LO
61,mage that is profitable for nothing? 
Behold, all his fellows
65,d with the froward thou wilt shew thyself unsavoury. 
And the aff
65, Hazarenan, the border of Damascus, and the north northward, and 
70,published throughout the whole city how great things Jesus had done un
73,shbekashah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The eighteenth 
70,ll say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the 
62,om me. 
That which is far off, and exceeding deep, who can fin
73,uild a fort against it, and cast a mount against it; set the camp also ag
61,ldren of Israel. 
And he gave Joshua the son of Nun a charge,
72,and Jahdiel, mighty men of valour, famous men, and heads of the house of
72,r havens; nigh whereunto was the city of Lasea. 
Now when much time was 
62, the punishment of the sin of Sodom, that was overthrown as in
80, long after you for the exceeding grace of God in you. 
Thanks be unto God for h
66,at told Jehoshaphat, saying, There cometh a great multitude agains
72,y hand shall be established: mine arm also shall strengthen him. 
The en
74, take hold of your fathers? and they returned and said, Like as the LORD o
66,er sojourneth, there shall ye give him his inheritance, saith the 
56,oken, and that they might be taken away. 
Then came the 
69, and until the other priests had sanctified themselves: for the Levit
58,e numbered of them, even of the tribe of Zebulun, were fif
63, crushed breaketh out into a viper. 
Their webs shall not becom
75, the children of Israel, did to the Levites according unto all that the LOR
80,urn ye now from your evil ways, and from your evil doings: but they did not hear
72,nd to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his name Eno
60,heavens, and he causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends 
57, perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring; 
Men's hearts
70,andment of the king, by the words of the LORD, to cleanse the house of
72,e of the flood, and in Egypt; and serve ye the LORD. 
And if it seem evi
66,ed me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain, and shewed 
69,em captive, 
And seest among the captives a beautiful woman, and hast
64,eath came into them, and they lived, and stood up upon their fee
67, the Father and the Son. 
Whosoever denieth the Son, the same hath 
78,us the king: 
They sent a letter unto him, wherein was written thus; Unto Dari
78,r sacrifices, beside the altar of the LORD our God that is before his tabernac
74,eived of us. 
For yourselves know how ye ought to follow us: for we behave
57,ard destroyed them that believed not. 
And the angels whi
60,and upon the head of his offering, and kill it at the door o
66,ave thy servant that trusteth in thee. 
Be merciful unto me, O Lor
76, all the house, five cubits high: and they rested on the house with timber o
76,ried away captive all of it, it shall be wholly carried away captive. 
Lift 
62,nto me, Hast thou seen this, O son of man? turn thee yet again
63,bonah. 
Therefore they commanded the children of Benjamin, sayi
77,hammua, and Shobab, Nathan, and Solomon, 
And Ibhar, and Elishua, and Elpalet
62,hout. 
So the ark of the LORD compassed the city, going about 
60, be three days' pestilence in thy land? now advise, and see 
77,y had rowed about five and twenty or thirty furlongs, they see Jesus walking 
63,om Bamoth in the valley, that is in the country of Moab, to the
80,f began to be about thirty years of age, being (as was supposed) the son of Jose
84, it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by fire. 
No meat offerin
76,
Wherefore David blessed the LORD before all the congregation: and David sai
61,hy God be with thee, as he was with Moses. 
Whosoever he be t
62,Joah the son of Joahaz the recorder, to repair the house of th
61,d, and also the house of Judah have anointed me king over the
77,ording to thine own heart, hast thou done all this greatness, in making known
83,e of a man: for the LORD fought for Israel. 
And Joshua returned, and all Israel wi
61,ai, the son of Jahdo, the son of Buz; 
Ahi the son of Abdiel,
61,y, even in Ophrah: and all Israel went thither a whoring afte
57,RD. 
In the second year of Darius the king, in the sixth 
76,ed there many days, there came down from Judaea a certain prophet, named Aga
78,ng. 
And if any man obey not our word by this epistle, note that man, and have
67,be gathered together, gold, and silver, and apparel, in great abund
56, princes and to all the people, saying, This man is wort
66,ven as the shadow of death: if one know them, they are in the terr
59,ill dwell in the house of the LORD for ever. 
The earth is 
82,e sword of the children of Ammon. 
Now therefore the sword shall never depart from
82, free and bond, both small and great. 
And I saw the beast, and the kings of the e
72,his neighbour with his mouth, but in heart he layeth his wait. 
Shall I 
72,nd such as are for the captivity, to the captivity. 
And I will appoint 
69, him, which hath had no husband; for her may he be defiled. 
But he s
57,ead, she is loosed from the law of her husband. 
So then 
76,sh, and Ahishahar. 
All these the sons of Jediael, by the heads of their fat
77, to the number of thy cities were thy gods, O Judah; and according to the num
67,ording to your wicked ways, nor according to your corrupt doings, O
64,at is near, saith the LORD; and I will heal him. 
But the wicked
77,pringeth out of the wall: he spake also of beasts, and of fowl, and of creepi
66,l be. 
I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first 
63,ched in the mountains of Abarim, before Nebo. 
And they departe
62,in of Egypt; for he strengthened himself exceedingly. 
Moreove
75,ur god Remphan, figures which ye made to worship them: and I will carry you
74,y other oath: but let your yea be yea; and your nay, nay; lest ye fall int
60, holy convocations, even these are my feasts. 
Six days shal
79,s, to set them, and in carving of wood, to make any manner of cunning work. 
An
68,lt eat it within thy gates: the unclean and the clean person shall e
81,and God made him king over all Israel: nevertheless even him did outlandish women
74,f a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD. 
And thou shalt put it on a blue lace, t
68,es; and they took stones, and made an heap: and they did eat there u
81,ne with another what they might do to Jesus. 
And it came to pass in those days, 
68,en of Harhur, 
The children of Bazlith, the children of Mehida, the 
66,business of the ambassadors of the princes of Babylon, who sent un
78,tood still, and pursued after Israel no more, neither fought they any more. 
A
69,ntil the time of reformation. 
But Christ being come an high priest o
76,
Now these are the generations of Ishmael, Abraham's son, whom Hagar the Egy
62,judged; and they feared the king: for they saw that the wisdom
57,yes shall not spare children. 
And Babylon, the glory of 
84,they shall be safe in their land, and shall know that I am the LORD, when I have bro
61,s do always behold the face of my Father which is in heaven. 
83,iving God. 
Esaias also crieth concerning Israel, Though the number of the children
63,ions; and the everlasting mountains were scattered, the perpetu
58,her cherub. 
And one wing of the other cherub was five cub
67, eat the shewbread, which is not lawful to eat but for the priests,
69,y and one years old when he began to reign, and he reigned seventeen 
71, his sons from the wall of Bethshan, and came to Jabesh, and burnt them
68,of the prophets prophesying, and Samuel standing as appointed over t
56, seven times. 
Thou shalt keep them, O LORD, thou shalt 
66,ung bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offe
74,ge of the sword, and he utterly destroyed them, as Moses the servant of th
66,father and brethren to dwell; in the land of Goshen let them dwell
83,iot, and went up to meet Israel his father, to Goshen, and presented himself unto h
83,or an house: 
And if the household be too little for the lamb, let him and his neig
61,the right side of the east end, over against the south. 
And 
67,ss; 
And having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a shew o
77,nd he spake many things unto them in parables, saying, Behold, a sower went f
80,hou hast given this great deliverance into the hand of thy servant: and now shal
81,he salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be salted? it is thenceforth goo
71,Cause me to hear thy lovingkindness in the morning; for in thee do I tr
66,s. 
Then will I go unto the altar of God, unto God my exceeding jo
79,ess thereof, and for the good will of him that dwelt in the bush: let the bless
78,on? 
And he said unto them, Ye will surely say unto me this proverb, Physician
71,heaven by four corners; and it came even to me: 
Upon the which when I 
57,conscience from dead works to serve the living God? 
And 
77,brethren, and wept upon them: and after that his brethren talked with him. 
A
67,So that contrariwise ye ought rather to forgive him, and comfort hi
76,ith them. 
And the house of Joseph sent to descry Bethel. (Now the name of t
67,iddle, and speak a parable unto the house of Israel; 
And say, Thus
57,, and he was cleansed. 
And he straitly charged him, and 
56,aw is gone back unto her people, and unto her gods: retu
67,to the land, concerning which thou hadst promised to their fathers,
62, escaped, and told Abram the Hebrew; for he dwelt in the plain
61,e of the truth, supposing that gain is godliness: from such w
81, they bury Gog and all his multitude: and they shall call it The valley of Hamong
65,ne unto this day? was I ever wont to do so unto thee? and he said
60,ay's journey on the other side, round about the camp, and as
80,st may dwell in your hearts by faith; that ye, being rooted and grounded in love
59, and brought them near unto him. 
And Israel stretched out 
61,nt a kid, and he had nothing in his hand: but he told not his
84, shed the blood of the just in the midst of her, 
They have wandered as blind men in
71,And Serug lived after he begat Nahor two hundred years, and begat sons 
77,ewels. 
For as the earth bringeth forth her bud, and as the garden causeth th
68,Gershonite. 
Then the people rejoiced, for that they offered willing
64,r of the king's house. 
And it was so, when the king went into t
67,in a deep sleep on my face, and my face toward the ground. 
And, be
66,nking, and making merry. 
And Solomon reigned over all kingdoms fr
78,t were in the high gate of Benjamin, which was by the house of the LORD. 
And 
77,nto the great sea westward. 
And the LORD your God, he shall expel them from 
66,
For the kingdom of God is not in word, but in power. 
What will y
58,d it was winter. 
And Jesus walked in the temple in Solomo
64,heave shoulder have I taken of the children of Israel from off t
64, ye provoke me unto wrath with the works of your hands, burning 
82,mmunicate; 
Laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time t
82,s to look to, after the manner of the Babylonians of Chaldea, the land of their na
63,them shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water, and 
76,of thy son fall to the earth. 
Then the woman said, Let thine handmaid, I pr
76, to deliver them up to Edom: 
But I will send a fire on the wall of Gaza, wh
68,ague wherewith the LORD will smite all the people that have fought a
63,: for the LORD hath spoken this word. 
The earth mourneth and f
57,t therof. 
As silver is melted in the midst of the furnac
77,they hanged their shields upon thy walls round about; they have made thy beau
82,ent men through all the tribe of Benjamin, saying, What wickedness is this that is
76,ou and all thy company are gathered together against the LORD: and what is A
73,surely be an everlasting priesthood throughout their generations. 
Thus d
76,he five loaves among five thousand, how many baskets full of fragments took 
62,ne heart, Go to now, I will prove thee with mirth, therefore e
74,d of the LORD by Samuel. 
And David and all Israel went to Jerusalem, whic
79,him with garments. And the angel of the LORD stood by. 
And the angel of the LO
73,day of the month: for he was grieved for David, because his father had do
65,stranger, that is not of thy people Israel, but cometh out of a f
57, fadeth: but the word of our God shall stand for ever. 
O
57,then: and they inherited the labour of the people; 
That 
61,people, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not go up, nor
64,e quarries that were by Gilgal, and said, I have a secret errand
81,or after all these things do the Gentiles seek:) for your heavenly Father knoweth
80,ou free, ye shall be free indeed. 
I know that ye are Abraham's seed; but ye see
77,ike harts that find no pasture, and they are gone without strength before the
82,might be fulfilled, which he spake, signifying what death he should die. 
Then Pil
80,orn in the land of Egypt shall die, from the first born of Pharaoh that sitteth 
70,. 
Hear, all ye people; hearken, O earth, and all that therein is: and
74,hey that were with him, and called the council together, and all the senat
81,ll not receive you, nor hear your words, when ye depart out of that house or city
84,entered into the city, and took it, and hasted and set the city on fire. 
And when t
60,od. 
When my soul fainted within me I remembered the LORD: a
69,the handmaid of the Lord; be it unto me according to thy word. And th
61,s name, and sealed with the king's ring, may no man reverse. 
77,e roughly to us, and took us for spies of the country. 
And we said unto him,
68,ath made my mouth like a sharp sword; in the shadow of his hand hath
82,d taken counsel, they gave large money unto the soldiers, 
Saying, Say ye, His dis
79,though anointed king; and these men the sons of Zeruiah be too hard for me: the
68,in the earth. 
Moreover I will appoint a place for my people Israel,
69,uld not frame to pronounce it right. Then they took him, and slew him
67, is as darkness: they know not at what they stumble. 
My son, atten
75,inward. 
And David went on, and grew great, and the LORD God of hosts was w
71,im, and he went his way. 
And as he was now going down, his servants me
69, otherwise than it was written. But Hezekiah prayed for them, saying,
66, not yourselves; for his life is in him. 
When he therefore was co
77,r whole heart, but feignedly, saith the LORD. 
And the LORD said unto me, The
70,be able to endure, and all this people shall also go to their place in
70,f fire. 
But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O God, is for ever and
65,nothing was missed of all that pertained unto him: and he hath re
61,
And if one prevail against him, two shall withstand him; and
64,For both he that sanctifieth and they who are sanctified are all
76,t in the same condemnation? 
And we indeed justly; for we receive the due re
82, she hath also born children unto thy brother Nahor; 
Huz his firstborn, and Buz h
61,r should have been given to David, that she was given unto Ad
74, thy people say, The way of the Lord is not equal: but as for them, their 
82,t, as the voice of the Almighty God when he speaketh. 
And it came to pass, that w
69, of Mordecai fell upon them. 
For Mordecai was great in the king's ho
83,ear not, neither be dismayed. 
And Moses wrote this law, and delivered it unto the 
69,mountain to pray. 
And when even was come, the ship was in the midst 
82,rs: so they possessed the land of Sihon, and the land of the king of Heshbon, and 
78,dleth it, and baketh bread; yea, he maketh a god, and worshippeth it; he maket
82,D sware unto their fathers that he would give us, a land that floweth with milk an
63,r end of it. 
Therefore hear now this, thou that art given to p
82,he land in indignation, thou didst thresh the heathen in anger. 
Thou wentest fort
78,e things, as silver and gold, from your vain conversation received by traditio
59, from the things which are written in this book. 
He which 
59, And he said, Young man, I say unto thee, Arise. 
And he th
83,d, yet he cheweth not the cud; he is unclean to you. 
Of their flesh shall ye not e
57,ehoshaphat king of Judah, Wilt thou go with me to Ramothg
78,equity for the meek of the earth: and he shall smite the earth: with the rod o
83,. And she took flour, and kneaded it, and made cakes in his sight, and did bake the
59,ildren of Israel from among the heathen, whither they be go
76,ds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea,
59,nd said, Why is the house of God forsaken? And I gathered t
61,and water to drink. 
Then let our countenances be looked upon
76, year and six months, teaching the word of God among them. 
And when Gallio 
59,them upon the altar. 
And he did wash the inwards and the l
82,lour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, for one ram; 
And a several tenth deal
68, bring his sons, and put coats upon them. 
And thou shalt gird them 
67,f all honour, that the name of God and his doctrine be not blasphem
74,not a man dwell therein. 
And when thou art spoiled, what wilt thou do? Th
75,em, Come ye yourselves apart into a desert place, and rest a while: for the
78,to lie in ambush between Bethel and Ai, on the west side of the city. 
And whe
78,had made an end of offering the burnt offering, behold, Samuel came; and Saul 
82, and with his axes he shall break down thy towers. 
By reason of the abundance of 
82,I have shewed thy strength unto this generation, and thy power to every one that i
83, known my Father also. 
These words spake Jesus in the treasury, as he taught in th
84,s shall not be unpunished. 
Children's children are the crown of old men; and the gl
78,in the which he will judge the world in righteousness by that man whom he hath
71,ope in the dark without light, and he maketh them to stagger like a dru
72,ouse of his master the Egyptian. 
And his master saw that the LORD was w
74,em to discern between the unclean and the clean. 
And in controversy they 
56,children of Dan said unto him, Let not thy voice be hear
77,d Baruch wrote from the mouth of Jeremiah all the words of the LORD, which he
67,h him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them; 
And sa
58,nd departed thence. 
And, behold, one came and said unto h
66, nor whereof they affirm. 
But we know that the law is good, if a 
78, words of this law in a book, until they were finished, 
That Moses commanded 
79,ll, and said, Ye men of Athens, I perceive that in all things ye are too supers
66, the commandment of the LORD your God: 
And ye murmured in your te
72, the anointing oil of the LORD is upon you. And they did according to th
72,nd, behold, there arose a great tempest in the sea, insomuch that the sh
84,the multitude of her transgressions: her children are gone into captivity before the
73,people, saith the LORD, even lovingkindness and mercies. 
Both the great 
66,vildoers shall be cut off: but those that wait upon the LORD, they
77,, avoiding profane and vain babblings, and oppositions of science falsely so 
70,out, and his disciples, into the towns of Caesarea Philippi: and by th
64, the covert to lie in wait? 
Who provideth for the raven his foo
74,
For by means of a whorish woman a man is brought to a piece of bread: and
75,eceived sight, and they followed him. 
And when they drew nigh unto Jerusal
81, 
And I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and will disperse them thro
78,that trust in him. 
For who is God save the LORD? or who is a rock save our Go
82,priest in things pertaining to God, to make reconciliation for the sins of the peo
79,s they fled from before Israel, and were in the going down to Bethhoron, that t
63,to obey his mother, the ravens of the valley shall pick it out,
61,over you. 
And Gideon said unto them, I would desire a reques
68,not flesh and bones, as ye see me have. 
And when he had thus spoken
78,d humbled not himself before Jeremiah the prophet speaking from the mouth of t
77, highest part of the dust of the world. 
When he prepared the heavens, I was 
82,helter. 
They pluck the fatherless from the breast, and take a pledge of the poor.
82, rebellious exalt themselves. Selah. 
O bless our God, ye people, and make the voi
68,om of God. 
Because the foolishness of God is wiser than men; and th
68,is. 
Forsake me not, O LORD: O my God, be not far from me. 
Make has
82,r him, even the covenant of an everlasting priesthood; because he was zealous for 
68, Behold, I see the heavens opened, and the Son of man standing on th
79,k and a ram for peace offerings, to sacrifice before the LORD; and a meat offer
77,also came in. 
And they told the king, saying, Behold Nathan the prophet. And
56,t. 
And it came to pass, as the camels had done drinking
80,Abelmeholah, unto Tabbath. 
And the men of Israel gathered themselves together o
58, are made nigh by the blood of Christ. 
For he is our peac
76, us saw these things, they were much cast down in their own eyes: for they p
74,see to. 
And the children of Israel heard say, Behold, the children of Reu
69,irmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from 
56,thou hast eaten and art full, then thou shalt bless the 
61,ght, they have remained in their holds: their might hath fail
76, the years of thy life shall be increased. 
If thou be wise, thou shalt be w
84,ir, and they shall tell thee: 
Or speak to the earth, and it shall teach thee: and t
61,slay you. 
And he said unto Jether his firstborn, Up, and sla
71,rael; I made a covenant with your fathers in the day that I brought the
61,r cities; whatsoever plague, whatsoever sickness there be; 
W
58,r peace offerings; that they may be to you for a memorial 
76,. 
So they shall make their own tongue to fall upon themselves: all that see
64,hat were present with him bowed themselves, and worshipped. 
Mor
69,so that a man hath no preeminence above a beast: for all is vanity. 

63, thou south; blow upon my garden, that the spices thereof may f
75, they put the Canaanites to tribute, but did not utterly drive them out. 
A
71, he should make full restitution; if he have nothing, then he shall be 
71,aying, Gather ye together, and come against her, and rise up to the bat
59,g up. 
Ten cubits shall be the length of a board, and a cub
81,e the earth in the open firmament of heaven. 
And God created great whales, and e
60,l took a vial of oil, and poured it upon his head, and kisse
79,peak parables? 
And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, set
67,e pearl of great price, went and sold all that he had, and bought i
63,rt troubled. 
Is not this thy fear, thy confidence, thy hope, a
71,my son, and deliver thyself, when thou art come into the hand of thy fr
56,he entering in of Hamath unto the river of Egypt, before
81,nd multiply; bring forth abundantly in the earth, and multiply therein. 
And God 
60,ake, that I might be partaker thereof with you. 
Know ye not
81,sel; and of the dust that is in the floor of the tabernacle the priest shall take
77,together, then who can hinder him? 
For he knoweth vain men: he seeth wickedn
72,e on the hand of his neighbour, and his hand shall rise up against the h
71, LORD their God. 
They shall ask the way to Zion with their faces thith
59,the city into the open fields, and make an atonement for th
78,ack? 
And king David sent to Zadok and to Abiathar the priests, saying, Speak 
65, that dieth of Baasha in the city shall the dogs eat; and him tha
83,nt of the LORD. 
And those that were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari
74,eople which had given him that answer, saying, 
The incense that ye burned
57, by me by these things, but will walk contrary unto me; 

61,A wicked man taketh a gift out of the bosom to pervert the wa
66,, by the famine, and by the pestilence: and none of them shall rem
60, thing, and the earth open her mouth, and swallow them up, w
64,of his mother. 
Treasures of wickedness profit nothing: but righ
80,Thy sun shall no more go down; neither shall thy moon withdraw itself: for the L
83,s of sin. 
For we are made partakers of Christ, if we hold the beginning of our con
69,e there is no truth, nor mercy, nor knowledge of God in the land. 
By
64,rom Beersheba even to Dan, that they should come to keep the pas
79,half curtain that remaineth, shall hang over the backside of the tabernacle. 
A
80,ot asked, both riches, and honour: so that there shall not be any among the king
72, have gotten, and that which they have laid up, shall they carry away to
73,can he not answer, nor save him out of his trouble. 
Remember this, and s
76,nto their mouths, they even prepare war against him. 
Therefore night shall 
79,r fathers, 
Saying, Go unto this people, and say, Hearing ye shall hear, and sh
77,r we are all partakers of that one bread. 
Behold Israel after the flesh: are
58,y have even taken of the accursed thing, and have also sto
59,authority I do these things. 
And he began to speak unto th
65, law. For they stumbled at that stumblingstone; 
As it is written
72,l against the LORD, and turn this day from following the LORD, to build 
56,hou hast rebuked the proud that are cursed, which do err
70,God, which caused them to be led into captivity among the heathen: but
71,self. 
Therefore, my brethren dearly beloved and longed for, my joy and
74,hty fallen in the midst of the battle! O Jonathan, thou wast slain in thin
76,ed he in Jerusalem. 
Then sat Solomon upon the throne of David his father; a
65,is arm, and whose heart departeth from the LORD. 
For he shall be
78,he kept not, and also for asking counsel of one that had a familiar spirit, to
74,all come before the judges; and whom the judges shall condemn, he shall pa
62, deliver them from the wicked, and save them, because they tru
74,l the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah. 
And he did that which was evil in t
59,s. 
Wherefore a lion out of the forest shall slay them, and
80,
And goeth out from Bethel to Luz, and passeth along unto the borders of Archi t
76,s answer, 
Go, gather together all the Jews that are present in Shushan, and
67,diligently consider his place, and it shall not be. 
But the meek s
75,the people that were with him pursued them unto Gerar: and the Ethiopians w
65,hey shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain, saith the
70,ordained a feast unto the children of Israel: and he offered upon the 
74,certain, that such abomination is wrought among you; 
Thou shalt surely sm
70,thereof, were fifty and four thousand and four hundred. 
Then the trib
64, from mourning into a good day: that they should make them days 
59,rsons, which followed him. 
And he went unto his father's h
69,, and I will speak; O Israel, and I will testify against thee: I am G
83,im: yet the hand of the house of Joseph prevailed, so that they became tributaries.
63,he LORD. 
The horse is prepared against the day of battle: but 
81,m the disciples of John, saying, Why do we and the Pharisees fast oft, but thy di
61,r to walk after the customs. 
What is it therefore? the multi
67,nsed of the blood that is shed therein, but by the blood of him tha
61,il in the sight of the LORD, as did Manasseh his father: for 
68,untain, or the wheel broken at the cistern. 
Then shall the dust ret
71,ankincense, and the spices. 
And some of the sons of the priests made t
75,and took much spoil. 
Now it came to pass, after that Amaziah was come from
70,seemeth good and convenient for thee to go, thither go. 
Now while he 
67,ut from Pharaoh in a great anger. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Ph
82, unto me; and to whomsoever I will I give it. 
If thou therefore wilt worship me, 
79,aith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will take the children of Israel from among the he
78,f a prophet, that thou shouldest put him in prison, and in the stocks. 
Now th
62,rt was made like the beasts, and his dwelling was with the wil
70, tender mercies of the wicked are cruel. 
He that tilleth his land sha
57,ck; and let the God of my salvation be exalted. 
It is Go
66,our speech by reason of darkness. 
Shall it be told him that I spe
78,ldeans, and they that are thrust through in her streets. 
For Israel hath not 
74,to you. 
For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth;
56, being between them: 
And David cried to the people, and
75,are full! for ye shall hunger. Woe unto you that laugh now! for ye shall mo
80,f the fowler. 
Go to the ant, thou sluggard; consider her ways, and be wise: 
Wh
84,have sinned against the LORD, we will go up and fight, according to all that the LOR
78,sses and sins; 
Wherein in time past ye walked according to the course of this
67,m: for they know not the voice of strangers. 
This parable spake Je
64,and four hundred men with him. 
Then Jacob was greatly afraid an
69,om do ye sport yourselves? against whom make ye a wide mouth, and dra
82,sty nation, which shall march through the breadth of the land, to possess the dwel
68,ness, to kill this whole assembly with hunger. 
Then said the LORD u
61,ams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was th
64,, the father of Gilead: because he was a man of war, therefore h
67, of the water of the river. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, Say unt
81,ment; they languished together. 
Her gates are sunk into the ground; he hath dest
74,spake of the temple of his body. 
When therefore he was risen from the dea
78,all things. 
Charity never faileth: but whether there be prophecies, they shal
78, first year of Darius the son of Ahasuerus, of the seed of the Medes, which wa
71,hters. 
All these were under the hands of their father for song in the 
66,dwelt in Egypt;) 
That they sent and called him. And Jeroboam and 
79,olomon, Because this was in thine heart, and thou hast not asked riches, wealth
84,thy nest in a rock. 
Nevertheless the Kenite shall be wasted, until Asshur shall car
76,slew her with the sword: and she became famous among women; for they had exe
61,nd of them. 
And Adonijah and all the guests that were with h
79,hy servant, and his supplications, and cause thy face to shine upon thy sanctua
59, the magistrates, saying, These men, being Jews, do exceedi
83,aid him down again. 
And the angel of the LORD came again the second time, and touc
82,o him, I say not unto thee, Until seven times: but, Until seventy times seven. 
Th
63, are poured out like the waters. 
For the thing which I greatly
65,he hath not directed his words against me: neither will I answer 
82,loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord: for whom I have 
58,they are all vanity; their works are nothing: their molten
56,gainst the children of Benjamin the second day. 
And Ben
81,hel his daughter to wife also. 
And Laban gave to Rachel his daughter Bilhah his 
60,hall perish from Gaza, and Ashkelon shall not be inhabited. 
79,g the service of God. 
But into the second went the high priest alone once ever
79, a perfect and an upright man, one that feareth God, and escheweth evil? and st
81,saw him, they besought him that he would depart out of their coasts. 
And he ente
70,er stones, polished after the similitude of a palace: 
That our garner
67, at even, when the sun did set, they brought unto him all that were
73,r the works of thy hands: 
Thou hast put all things in subjection under h
56,therefore ready also: for the Son of man cometh at an ho
70,o his own soul: but he that is cruel troubleth his own flesh. 
The wic
78,urrows where it grew. 
Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Sa
74,t any man hath seen the Father, save he which is of God, he hath seen the 
66,s, and accept thy burnt sacrifice; Selah. 
Grant thee according to
77,widow casting in thither two mites. 
And he said, Of a truth I say unto you, 
84, behold, a certain disciple was there, named Timotheus, the son of a certain woman, 
64, LORD, ye scornful men, that rule this people which is in Jerusa
56, the same day it shall be eaten up; ye shall leave none 
70,ade. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Depart, and go up hence, thou and 
59,hat is above. 
If I rejoice at the destruction of him that 
57,, LORD God, whereby shall I know that I shall inherit it?
71,nswer, saying, 
The incense that ye burned in the cities of Judah, and 
71,ider the vision. 
Seventy weeks are determined upon thy people and upon
64, that contended with thee: they that war against thee shall be a
80,he law, but by the faith of Jesus Christ, even we have believed in Jesus Christ,
75,y reason of his sickness: so he died of sore diseases. And his people made 
82,hings unto the Levites; and the Levites sanctified them unto the children of Aaron
71,he had forty sons and thirty nephews, that rode on threescore and ten a
83, noble vine, wholly a right seed: how then art thou turned into the degenerate plan
80,the hill, behold, Ziba the servant of Mephibosheth met him, with a couple of ass
57,ions, that shaketh his hands from holding of bribes, that
80,s ye are: ye have not injured me at all. 
Ye know how through infirmity of the f
58, unto the testimony of Israel, to give thanks unto the nam
61,other words did he testify and exhort, saying, Save yourselve
59,f the three: for lifting up his spear against three hundred
73,rn in the land, when he blasphemeth the name of the Lord, shall be put to
78,nifest, while as the first tabernacle was yet standing: 
Which was a figure fo
68,lden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up. 
Wherefore at th
69,le, and the house of God. 
Now when these things were done, the princ
67,ou; 
Thou shalt surely smite the inhabitants of that city with the 
69,llock, and sprinkle it upon the mercy seat, and before the mercy seat
78,em unto the greatest of them, saith the LORD: for I will forgive their iniquit
82,e Almighty. 
He runneth upon him, even on his neck, upon the thick bosses of his b
74,hamed: and, behold, he opened not the doors of the parlour; therefore they
74, to eat. 
And he went out from thence, and came into his own country; and 
62, all men, in that he hath raised him from the dead. 
And when 
76,l go with their flocks and with their herds to seek the LORD; but they shall
60,here was not the like made in any kingdom. 
And all king Sol
75, on the seventh day, that he shall shave all his hair off his head and his 
66,malekites, and the Maonites, did oppress you; and ye cried to me, 
59,ke: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you
75,oung men are gone down to the slaughter, saith the King, whose name is the 
78,ere should be yea yea, and nay nay? 
But as God is true, our word toward you w
81,great multitude with swords and staves, from the chief priests and the scribes an
62, unto Moses for anguish of spirit, and for cruel bondage. 
And
83,d he shall be clean. 
And on the eighth day he shall take two he lambs without blem
78,e him? 
If a brother or sister be naked, and destitute of daily food, 
And one
78, their heads, nor suffer their locks to grow long; they shall only poll their 
77,emen to help us against the enemy in the way: because we had spoken unto the 
71,Jonas, lovest thou me? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that 
65,in those days of my Spirit; and they shall prophesy: 
And I will 
70,of Israel, and the strangers that came out of the land of Israel, and 
71,words, and misused his prophets, until the wrath of the LORD arose agai
79, wherein thy great strength lieth. 
And it came to pass, when she pressed him d
69,e ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowsh
68,the stays: 
And twelve lions stood there on the one side and on the 
79, in Gibeah: but the men of the place were Benjamites. 
And when he had lifted u
81,he planting of the LORD, that he might be glorified. 
And they shall build the ol
73,er over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord. 
Then he which 
70,
And it may be that I will abide, yea, and winter with you, that ye ma
60,e third. 
So Jotham became mighty, because he prepared his w
83, to an hundred measures of wheat, and to an hundred baths of wine, and to an hundre
80,ower; not one faileth. 
Why sayest thou, O Jacob, and speakest, O Israel, My way
65,they shall come together out of the land of the north to the land
79,d where I am, there shall also my servant be: if any man serve me, him will my 
68,ury thy dead. 
And Abraham bowed down himself before the people of t
56,nd of Egypt to sojourn there, shall escape or remain, th
60,ng, Let neither man nor beast, herd nor flock, taste any thi
56,which I have given you from them for your inheritance, t
61,d respect unto the recompence of the reward. 
By faith he for
79,orned men, which said, We have heard him speak blasphemous words against Moses,
69,dom of heaven: but whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall 
59, thirty and five cubits high, and the chapiter that was on 
60,ch is the prince's, between the border of Judah and the bord
70,p thy soul diligently, lest thou forget the things which thine eyes ha
76,hat he entered into the synagogue and taught: and there was a man whose righ
70, 
Their poison is like the poison of a serpent: they are like the deaf
72,honour upon him, that all the congregation of the children of Israel may
57, the children of Reuben will pass with you over Jordan, e
66,eave you comfortless: I will come to you. 
Yet a little while, and
60,he LORD, the God of Israel; Thus shall ye say to the king of
76, I will hear it. 
And I commanded you at that time all the things which ye s
60,A widow, or a divorced woman, or profane, or an harlot, thes
82,nd your meat offerings, I will not accept them: neither will I regard the peace of
62,ts, and lay on the earth; and all his servants stood by with t
58,f Elon, the family of the Elonites: of Jahleel, the family
60,g ones also suck up blood: and where the slain are, there is
73,el, saying, The fifteenth day of this seventh month shall be the feast of
73,livered him into the hand of the mighty one of the heathen; he shall sure
60,e would grant unto us, that we being delivered out of the ha
71,And Jonathan answered Saul, David earnestly asked leave of me to go to 
69,n woman cast a piece of a millstone upon Abimelech's head, and all to
69,; 
That all of you have conspired against me, and there is none that 
57,ns and strong: but as for you, no man hath been able to s
66,urn to his own people, and flee every one into his own land. 
Ever
57,s glad, when they saw the LORD. 
Then said Jesus to them 
74,
But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps. 
While the bride
81, a man of Ethiopia, an eunuch of great authority under Candace queen of the Ethio
56,again to place them; for I have mercy upon them: and the
59,hat shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of Go
72,silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, on
62,to him that did the wrong, Wherefore smitest thou thy fellow? 
60, the small rain, and to the great rain of his strength. 
He 
68,lace; 
Where were white, green, and blue, hangings, fastened with co
76,here is no man that hath left house, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or 
64,, and for all the evils which Herod had done, 
Added yet this ab
67,et again, and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim. 
And when
83, Israel were gone up to Mizpeh.) Then said the children of Israel, Tell us, how was
70,r to take it again. This commandment have I received of my Father. 
Th
78,yer of thy servants, who desire to fear thy name: and prosper, I pray thee, th
81,d the priests and the Levites that were in all Israel resorted to him out of all 
80,aid unto the servant, What man is this that walketh in the field to meet us? And
64,m that provoked me see it: 
But my servant Caleb, because he had
77,o the brethren. And he departed, and went into another place. 
Now as soon as
61,f Israel out of the land which I have given them; and this ho
71,halt thou prosper, if thou takest heed to fulfil the statutes and judgm
77, oil, and honey, and of all the increase of the field; and the tithe of all t
61,, Behold, I am of uncircumcised lips, and how shall Pharaoh h
56,t cities about Ashdod, and among the Philistines. 
And G
66,that the Son of man hath power upon earth to forgive sins, (he sai
60,m Lebanon. 
Awake, O north wind; and come, thou south; blow 
75, the people that were with him lifted up their voice and wept, until they h
66,t be turned white, and it be in sight deeper than the skin; it is 
79,he son of Seth, which was the son of Adam, which was the son of God. 
And Jesus
65,to thee, saying, Art thou he that should come? or look we for ano
61,o thee, if thou shalt keep the commandments of the LORD thy G
66,as poor, yet making many rich; as having nothing, and yet possessi
68, a rough valley, which is neither eared nor sown, and shall strike o
60,ey shall fail; whether there be tongues, they shall cease; w
67,ade in this place. 
For now have I chosen and sanctified this house
76,, and said, Thus saith the LORD, Because the Syrians have said, The LORD is 
78, beast, whereof men bring an offering unto the LORD, all that any man giveth o
58,e labourers who have reaped down your fields, which is of 
56,nd Ham is the father of Canaan. 
These are the three son
84, thy law is within my heart. 
I have preached righteousness in the great congregatio
63,water and in the water: 
Whereby the world that then was, being
76,nd it was about the space of three hours after, when his wife, not knowing w
66,re thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye have made your iniquity to 
62, nought, and the deceit of their heart. 
Therefore thus saith 
59,ll in the fenced cities because of the inhabitants of the l
76,ruit of the land. 
And they told him, and said, We came unto the land whithe
61,ead of Ephraim, it displeased him: and he held up his father'
77, Israel hath been without the true God, and without a teaching priest, and wi
81,Which some professing have erred concerning the faith. Grace be with thee. Amen. 
69,t be reformed by me by these things, but will walk contrary unto me; 
74,That they may fear thee, to walk in thy ways, so long as they live in the 
81, shall break in pieces the oppressor. 
They shall fear thee as long as the sun an
64,done deeds unto me that ought not to be done. 
And Abimelech sai
79,t I am poor and sorrowful: let thy salvation, O God, set me up on high. 
I will
78, with timbrels and with dances: and she was his only child; beside her he had 
67,hings and their abominations, I will recompense their way upon thei
74,ied up from before us, until we were gone over: 
That all the people of th
74,ye shall divide by lot the land for inheritance, ye shall offer an oblatio
74,ties of Israel, and smote Ijon, and Dan, and Abelbethmaachah, and all Cinn
73,ortion and excess. 
Thou blind Pharisee, cleanse first that which is with
81,s city, whose antiquity is of ancient days? her own feet shall carry her afar off
77,nd shall rend it. 
Lo, when the wall is fallen, shall it not be said unto you
79,t thou mayest eat the passover? 
And he sendeth forth two of his disciples, and
67,as sufficed. 
And her mother in law said unto her, Where hast thou 
57,e nations be gathered together, and let the people be ass
83,lesh trembleth for fear of thee; and I am afraid of thy judgments. 
I have done jud
69,the child that shall be born. 
And God hearkened to the voice of Mano
70,of the LORD, and thy words: because I feared the people, and obeyed th
71,ch he spake, signifying what death he should die. 
Then Pilate entered 
78,he priest: and the priest shall make an atonement for him concerning his ignor
71,eart, so is he: Eat and drink, saith he to thee; but his heart is not w
65,rch the land, lived still. 
And Moses told these sayings unto all
56,hundred, with their three gates; one gate of Gad, one ga
80,ith the children. 
And thou saidst, I will surely do thee good, and make thy see
71,n that he can wrap himself in it. 
For the LORD shall rise up as in mou
58,d in that day upon the mount of Olives, which is before Je
61,ll not stand, neither shall it come to pass. 
For the head of
82,; and Israel shall do valiantly. 
Out of Jacob shall come he that shall have domin
84,arance of brass, with a line of flax in his hand, and a measuring reed; and he stood
67,ut the just seek his soul. 
A fool uttereth all his mind: but a wis
72,to thee, the rams of Nebaioth shall minister unto thee: they shall come 
59,evour round about thee. 
Why are thy valiant men swept away
74,parteth: and as a storm hurleth him out of his place. 
For God shall cast 
78,hets; 
Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto al
66,other ram; and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the h
68, the sea, than that he should offend one of these little ones. 
Take
68,pon the nations that are under the whole heaven, who shall hear repo
77,the desert of Sinai, and pitched at Kibrothhattaavah. 
And they departed from
60,eremiah, Let no man know of these words, and thou shalt not 
70, 
And in all vineyards shall be wailing: for I will pass through thee,
69, and begat Peleg: 
And Eber lived after he begat Peleg four hundred a
71,o withstand thee, because thy way is perverse before me: 
And the ass s
79, forth with silence. 
Hear this, O ye that swallow up the needy, even to make t
73,d the old prophet came to the city, to mourn and to bury him. 
And he lai
68,on: 
So shall they be life unto thy soul, and grace to thy neck. 
Th
62, more plagues upon you according to your sins. 
I will also se
79,he trees of the field, are withered: because joy is withered away from the sons
77,l be gracious unto us: this hath been by your means: will he regard your pers
67,e cunning workman, and of the embroiderer, in blue, and in purple, 
64,Benjamin. 
God hath not cast away his people which he foreknew. 
69,ast five sockets of brass for them. 
And thou shalt make an altar of 
65,ye are digged. 
Look unto Abraham your father, and unto Sarah tha
74,dment of the LORD they rested in the tents, and at the commandment of the 
57,n I am present with that confidence, wherewith I think to
65,dbash: and the name of their sister was Hazelelponi: 
And Penuel 
60,ountries of Judah and Benjamin, unto every fenced city: and 
72,he world, and the world heareth them. 
We are of God: he that knoweth Go
67,f them is as the appearance of horses; and as horsemen, so shall th
79,e Ramathlehi. 
And he was sore athirst, and called on the LORD, and said, Thou 
60,eak and say unto thee, Art thou also become weak as we? art 
69,ve the stars of heaven: the cankerworm spoileth, and fleeth away. 
Th
83,oman had a fat calf in the house; and she hasted, and killed it, and took flour, an
81,y Father worketh hitherto, and I work. 
Therefore the Jews sought the more to kil
59,ce of the trumpet exceeding loud; so that all the people th
73,ur bondmen for ever: but over your brethren the children of Israel, ye sh
68,of waters. 
Not unto us, O LORD, not unto us, but unto thy name give
63,d, it displeased the LORD: and the LORD heard it; and his anger
75,ity with the edge of the sword. 
Now there was an appointed sign between th
70,of thine iniquity is accomplished, O daughter of Zion; he will no more
66,never see death. 
Then said the Jews unto him, Now we know that th
77,, and makest thine high place in every street; and hast not been as an harlot
57,ave glory of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their 
82,eal him: I will lead him also, and restore comforts unto him and to his mourners. 
75,nservant, and thy maidservant, and the Levite that is within thy gates, and
74, do, as they that shall be judged by the law of liberty. 
For he shall hav
75,a time. 
This is the copy of the letter that they sent unto him, even unto 
67,ame to pass, as soon as Gideon was dead, that the children of Israe
78, the kings that were with him, and smote the Rephaims in Ashteroth Karnaim, an
76,er of separation shall wash his clothes; and he that toucheth the water of s
63,e queen Vashti according to law, because she hath not performed
68,shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence. 
When the
79,ned, and ran toward the army to meet the Philistine. 
And David put his hand in
60,r mother in law. 
Then Naomi her mother in law said unto her
64,od. 
The sun ariseth, they gather themselves together, and lay t
74,the path of life, her ways are moveable, that thou canst not know them. 
H
82,her to build an house for the name of the LORD God of Israel. 
And the LORD said u
60,to Iddo the chief at the place Casiphia, and I told them wha
59,ye cease. 
Arise, cry out in the night: in the beginning of
73,to offer unto the LORD, as it is written in the book of Moses. And so did
63,heaven, and though she should fortify the height of her strengt
78,a leper unto the day of his death, and dwelt in a several house, being a leper
56, that ye should obey it in the lusts thereof. 
Neither y
84,l be surely put to death. 
And ye shall take no satisfaction for him that is fled to
68,sidered it well: I looked upon it, and received instruction. 
Yet a 
79, brought the king word back again, saying, All that was committed to thy servan
68,nd gavest it to the seed of Abraham thy friend for ever? 
And they d
57,he son of Ribai out of Gibeah of the children of Benjamin
73,and sprinkled it upon Aaron, and upon his garments, and upon his sons, an
59,and prophets; for God hath avenged you on her. 
And a might
72, that the promise which was made unto the fathers, 
God hath fulfilled t
71,Of Jeduthun: the sons of Jeduthun; Gedaliah, and Zeri, and Jeshaiah, Ha
72,a burnt offering, and a meat offering, a sacrifice, and drink offerings,
81,same soul will I destroy from among his people. 
Ye shall do no manner of work: i
82, say, The LORD liveth; surely they swear falsely. 
O LORD, are not thine eyes upon
61,dren of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred seventy
67,aid unto the people, I will surely go forth with you myself also. 

79,tain; yet he shall come to his end, and none shall help him. 
And at that time 
80,, saying, Whosoever cometh not forth after Saul and after Samuel, so shall it be
65,ered upon the sacrifice and service of your faith, I joy, and rej
60,our God, what shall we say after this? for we have forsaken 
74,
It hath been said, Whosoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a 
57,undred men in Shushan the palace, and the ten sons of Ham
70,unto thee. Then David arose, and cut off the skirt of Saul's robe priv
73, for me, which I knew not. 
Hear, I beseech thee, and I will speak: I wil
63,edge, a serpent shall bite him. 
Whoso removeth stones shall be
59,said unto his father and to his mother, I have not seen him
57,t they may go into the villages, and buy themselves victu
74,sy. 
When the plague of leprosy is in a man, then he shall be brought unto
79,ral use into that which is against nature: 
And likewise also the men, leaving 
80,rs old. 
And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in Timnathserah, w
68,aid to the angel that destroyed, It is enough, stay now thine hand. 
66, and disobedient, and unto every good work reprobate. 
But speak t
58,ll trust in it. 
The burden of Moab. Because in the night 
84,nce the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be. 
And except thos
60,tions bow down to thee: be lord over thy brethren, and let t
84, ye have this day rejected your God, who himself saved you out of all your adversiti
68,h the priest; and with him was Eleazar the son of Phinehas; and with
82,ween the tent of the congregation and the altar, and put water there, to wash with
60,ght against the city all that day; and he took the city, and
84,she had brought unto the king. So she turned, and went away to her own land, she and
58,th you. 
And ye shall eat old store, and bring forth the o
66,own up therein; the scall is healed, he is clean: and the priest s
62, in the magicians, the astrologers, the Chaldeans, and the soo
78,ou mayest love the LORD thy God, and that thou mayest obey his voice, and that
62, life; neither hast asked riches for thyself, nor hast asked t
76,; but the third shall be left therein. 
And I will bring the third part thro
65,d by the hand of his servants. 
And Satan stood up against Israel
80,gainst her mother in law. 
And a man's foes shall be they of his own household. 
63,thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish. 
So ough
63, but when his disciples saw it, they rebuked them. 
But Jesus c
75, Kedemoth unto Sihon king of Heshbon with words of peace, saying, 
Let me p
74,f: and it shall be an habitation of dragons, and a court for owls. 
The wi
77,at they dwelt among them. 
And the children of Israel journeyed, and came unt
68,y rivers shall stick unto thy scales. 
And I will leave thee thrown 
69,ave I been with thee; thy ewes and thy she goats have not cast their 
76,e souls that came out of the loins of Jacob were seventy souls: for Joseph w
62,rder our speech by reason of darkness. 
Shall it be told him t
74,: 
And he saw that rest was good, and the land that it was pleasant; and b
77,, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell. 
And if thy right han
60, LORD judge between me and thee. 
But Abram said unto Sarai,
70,e. 
And the other two ends of the two wreathen chains thou shalt faste
57,rns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye not mu
74,m more perfectly. 
But do not thou yield unto them: for there lie in wait 
82,coast be. 
There shall no man be able to stand before you: for the LORD your God s
68, that spared not his own Son, but delivered him up for us all, how s
76,ltar unto God, that appeared unto thee when thou fleddest from the face of E
60,t with the well advised is wisdom. 
Wealth gotten by vanity 
73,the riches of many wicked. 
For the arms of the wicked shall be broken: b
64, according to the composition thereof: it shall be unto thee hol
69,holy and our beautiful house, where our fathers praised thee, is burn
69, and thus did he unto them. 
And they laded their asses with the corn
63,oth with the LORD, and also with men. 
And there came a man of 
83,d they come to Jesus, and see him that was possessed with the devil, and had the le
80,from thence unto Patara: 
And finding a ship sailing over unto Phenicia, we went
57,ve thanks to thy holy name, and glory in thy praise. 
Ble
79,n, shall sing for Babylon: for the spoilers shall come unto her from the north,
72, 
The clouds poured out water: the skies sent out a sound: thine arrows 
65,hall they feed upon the mountains of Israel. 
I will feed my floc
70, of Zebedee, and John his brother; 
Philip, and Bartholomew; Thomas, a
78,ich wicked men have trodden? 
Which were cut down out of time, whose foundatio
59,David, and brought gifts. And the LORD preserved David whit
69,lest ye be smitten before your enemies. 
So I spake unto you; and ye 
63,upon the kingdoms that have not called upon thy name. 
For they
59,saying, Since thou art laid down, no feller is come up agai
79,him, saying, Ah lord! or, Ah his glory! 
He shall be buried with the burial of 
64,eastplate. 
And they put the two wreathen chains of gold in the 
69,an house, there abide till ye depart from that place. 
And whosoever 
75, and he was called the Friend of God. 
Ye see then how that by works a man 
60,e fish which ye have now caught. 
Simon Peter went up, and d
62,r, but not with strong drink. 
For the LORD hath poured out up
61,w down to thee with their face toward the earth, and lick up 
68,flee away. 
And all men shall fear, and shall declare the work of Go
82, but I cannot behold him: he hideth himself on the right hand, that I cannot see h
74,ld be holden of it. 
For David speaketh concerning him, I foresaw the Lord
68,ves of the earth, and in the rocks. 
Among the bushes they brayed; u
56,king request, if by any means now at length I might have
57,rly destroyed all that breathed, as the LORD God of Israe
71,n ensample unto those that after should live ungodly; 
And delivered ju
84, receive instruction, that thou mayest be wise in thy latter end. 
There are many de
79, in the holy thing, and shall add the fifth part thereto, and give it unto the 
75, fat upon the altar: 
And the breasts and the right shoulder Aaron waved fo
57, spake Joshua to the LORD in the day when the LORD delive
66,e son of Chenaanah went near, and smote Micaiah on the cheek, and 
83,t, and also of the Gentile; 
But glory, honour, and peace, to every man that worket
74,ish them for ever, and they are exalted. 
And if they be bound in fetters,
68,ut sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her. 
And again he s
82,t bountifully with thee. 
For thou hast delivered my soul from death, mine eyes fr
56,The fear of the LORD is a fountain of life, to depart fr
65,But he that prophesieth speaketh unto men to edification, and exh
82,u shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in Egypt: and thou shalt observe and do 
62,e looketh well to the ways of her household, and eateth not th
84,th, the same shall he receive of the Lord, whether he be bond or free. 
And, ye mast
80,l, or railing for railing: but contrariwise blessing; knowing that ye are thereu
71,lost none. 
Then Simon Peter having a sword drew it, and smote the high
73,them in the world, I kept them in thy name: those that thou gavest me I h
65,e shall be a great cry throughout all the land of Egypt, such as 
81,he Lord stood with me, and strengthened me; that by me the preaching might be ful
79,he temple, whither the Jews always resort; and in secret have I said nothing. 

70,ael? 
And the LORD sent thee on a journey, and said, Go and utterly de
68,r our sins according to the scriptures; 
And that he was buried, and
65,ot let them go. 
And Pharaoh said unto him, Get thee from me, tak
66,And now, saith the LORD that formed me from the womb to be his ser
76,n the Levites; 
Thou shalt even take five shekels apiece by the poll, after 
57,it giveth life. 
But if the ministration of death, writte
69,king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid it with the best gold
61,et him between the pillars. 
And Samson said unto the lad tha
66, this city, for the which thou hast spoken. 
Haste thee, escape th
82,t the time that the cattle conceived, that I lifted up mine eyes, and saw in a dre
67,r the turning away of the simple shall slay them, and the prosperit
69,as the heart of one man; so that they sent this word unto the king, R
61,I covered thee with silk. 
I decked thee also with ornaments,
83, days of Uzziah king of Judah: and the LORD my God shall come, and all the saints w
80,th for the twilight, saying, No eye shall see me: and disguiseth his face. 
In t
84,ess. Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of 
61,is day, in the place which he should choose. 
Now it came to 
81, verily, I say unto you, Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin. 
And the
84,crifice to the LORD. 
Go therefore now, and work; for there shall no straw be given 
69,her and mother, and he gave them, and they did eat: but he told not t
65,t to enjoin thee that which is convenient, 
Yet for love's sake I
80, until now, both we, and also our fathers: that ye may dwell in the land of Gosh
83,eet among all creeping things that creep upon the earth, them ye shall not eat; for
60, housetops? 
Thou that art full of stirs, a tumultuous city,
82,the ground; even with two lines measured he to put to death, and with one full lin
61,hrist, and him crucified. 
And I was with you in weakness, an
74,Diana of the Ephesians. 
And when the townclerk had appeased the people, h
84,f the land of Egypt, even unto this day, rising early and protesting, saying, Obey m
59,lthough all shall be offended, yet will not I. 
And Jesus s
73,I am married unto you: and I will take you one of a city, and two of a fa
58,e fourteenth day of the second month: and the priests and 
84,obles, and the governors of the people, and all the people of the land, and brought 
68,f fifty shekels weight, then I coveted them, and took them; and, beh
69,eart desireth. And David sent Abner away; and he went in peace. 
And,
58, out of the hand of the wicked. 
Light is sown for the rig
63,o them at this time, that ye should be guilty. 
And the childre
61,t cause, if he have done thee no harm. 
Envy thou not the opp
73,h blessing and cursing. My brethren, these things ought not so to be. 
Do
80,ssembled at Jerusalem much people to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the s
59, saying, I will not be an healer; for in my house is neithe
62,ou shalt heap coals of fire upon his head, and the LORD shall 
77,is month in a year made provision. 
And these are their names: The son of Hur
67,thy mouth. 
I have rejoiced in the way of thy testimonies, as much 
66, because Gibeon was a great city, as one of the royal cities, and 
57,the house of Israel. 
And behold a wall on the outside of
61, the land. 
Now the rest of the acts of Uzziah, first and las
84,ngel that talked with me came again, and waked me, as a man that is wakened out of h
58, soweth righteousness shall be a sure reward. 
As righteou
77,ht believe. 
He was not that Light, but was sent to bear witness of that Ligh
84,; and he shall execute judgment and righteousness in the land. 
In those days shall 
62,ourney in the wilderness of Etham, and pitched in Marah. 
And 
74,nd he bought a parcel of a field, where he had spread his tent, at the han
58,of the pit, as the smoke of a great furnace; and the sun a
83,tise you seven times for your sins. 
And ye shall eat the flesh of your sons, and t
75,ord is at hand. 
Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and s
75,fying both to the Jews, and also to the Greeks, repentance toward God, and 
70,r! the joints of thy thighs are like jewels, the work of the hands of 
76,d all the vessels thereof, and had anointed them, and sanctified them; 
That
80,. 
I charge you, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, by the roes, and by the hinds of t
80,he wicked. 
And it shall be, if the wicked man be worthy to be beaten, that the 
77,And he shall not look to the altars, the work of his hands, neither shall res
56,r you. 
Ye shall offer these beside the burnt offering i
81,hen his fellowservants saw what was done, they were very sorry, and came and told
71,nd scarlet, and fine twined linen; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And th
66,hout all the coasts of Israel, and found Abishag a Shunammite, and
80,annot be healed, from the sole of thy foot unto the top of thy head. 
The LORD s
70,ad sent, so they did speedily. 
And the elders of the Jews builded, an
67,of Solomon, first and last, are they not written in the book of Nat
75, again, and fight against this city, and take it, and burn it with fire. 
T
61,the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and unto all the elders 
71, them shout from the top of the mountains. 
Let them give glory unto th
61,ee where the king's spear is, and the cruse of water that was
84,agles' feathers, and his nails like birds' claws. 
And at the end of the days I Nebu
66,oughts of iniquity; wasting and destruction are in their paths. 
T
75,tribe: 
For the tribe of the children of Reuben according to the house of t
67, mouth, and in thy heart: that is, the word of faith, which we prea
74,nt up into a mountain apart to pray: and when the evening was come, he was
79,h. 
He increaseth the nations, and destroyeth them: he enlargeth the nations, a
62,conversation received by tradition from your fathers; 
But wit
72,unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and so
64,e wheels went by them: and when the living creatures were lifted
81,e that is true, he that hath the key of David, he that openeth, and no man shutte
81,these which hear the word of God, and do it. 
Now it came to pass on a certain da
78,rtain disciple named Tabitha, which by interpretation is called Dorcas: this w
57,chief priests have delivered thee unto me: what hast thou
65,ise him up at the last day. 
It is written in the prophets, And t
71, maketh it after the figure of a man, according to the beauty of a man;
57,left their own habitation, he hath reserved in everlastin
59, meet for the master's use, and prepared unto every good wo
77,by some man; but he that built all things is God. 
And Moses verily was faith
57,o them. 
The LORD our God made a covenant with us in Hore
73,that I am thy near kinsman: howbeit there is a kinsman nearer than I. 
Ta
63,o with whirlwinds of the south. 
The LORD of hosts shall defend
67,d hew them, and the stonesquarers: so they prepared timber and ston
61,among their brethren. 
Now the pit wherein Ishmael had cast a
57,sitteth not down first, and counteth the cost, whether he
58,hem exceedingly. 
I have kept thy precepts and thy testimo
84,tandeth to minister there before the LORD thy God, or unto the judge, even that man 
81,hy God giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it, that thou shalt blot out the
76,ay by which ye must go: for ye have not passed this way heretofore. 
And Jos
68, lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers,
83, undersetters molten, at the side of every addition. 
And the mouth of it within th
63,ves, and thy stranger that is in thy camp, from the hewer of th
82,bed. 
A drought is upon her waters; and they shall be dried up: for it is the land
80, house, he lay on his bed in his bedchamber, and they smote him, and slew him, a
73,hem, that they shall no more rule over the nations. 
And it shall be no m
71,e ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whe
57,the children of Israel, and brought them word again. 
And
65,vier than my groaning. 
Oh that I knew where I might find him! th
63,his book shall lie upon him, and the LORD shall blot out his na
