1000
79,st with God. 
The children of Ephraim, being armed, and carrying bows, turned b
76,breach therein for us, and set a king in the midst of it, even the son of Ta
68,liverer; my shield, and he in whom I trust; who subdueth my people u
65,nd will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughte
81,es. 
Let all the earth fear the LORD: let all the inhabitants of the world stand 
65,y unto you, That Elias is come already, and they knew him not, bu
66,, he said, I and my kingdom are guiltless before the LORD for ever
73,anst understand a dream to interpret it. 
And Joseph answered Pharaoh, sa
67,ah to meet king David. 
And there were a thousand men of Benjamin w
73,and thy children to the Chaldeans: and thou shalt not escape out of their
64,he stranger, for the fatherless, and for the widow. 
And thou sh
62, beloved. 
And it shall come to pass, that in the place where 
80,id behaved himself more wisely than all the servants of Saul; so that his name w
75,iest doth bear me witness, and all the estate of the elders: from whom also
59,, and began to question with him, seeking of him a sign fro
65,eat offering, and his drink offering. 
And on the sixth day eight
71, shall be turned into hell, and all the nations that forget God. 
For t
57,e to pass, that at the same time shall things come into t
65, 
And on the eighth day he shall take to him two turtledoves, or 
83,usite. 
And David, according to the saying of Gad, went up as the LORD commanded. 

70, did fly upon the wings of the wind. 
He made darkness his secret plac
59,e Lord GOD; Behold, I, even I, am against thee, and will ex
81,gether all the men of Gilead, and fought with Ephraim: and the men of Gilead smot
59,unto them to this end, that men ought always to pray, and n
67,said, Whether he be a sinner or no, I know not: one thing I know, t
65,ot away the pillar of the cloud by day, nor the pillar of fire by
83, and out of Simeon: for they fell to him out of Israel in abundance, when they saw 
60, beloved. 
I beseech Euodias, and beseech Syntyche, that the
81, young men now arise, and play before us. And Joab said, Let them arise. 
Then th
65,a wall, that she shall not find her paths. 
And she shall follow 
59,and of her bosom, and toward her son, and toward her daught
59,, Thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three
58,e. 
The children of Jericho, three hundred forty and five.
57, was no man, he slew the Egyptian, and hid him in the san
83,to glory. I will come to visions and revelations of the Lord. 
I knew a man in Chri
78,way, that they might go to a city of habitation. 
Oh that men would praise the
84,g loved his own which were in the world, he loved them unto the end. 
And supper bei
64,t cities, and the cities of the horsemen, and all that Solomon d
65,ace is set. 
I will also smite mine hands together, and I will ca
72, house: and they bemoaned him, and comforted him over all the evil that 
81, I was commanded: and as I prophesied, there was a noise, and behold a shaking, a
59,t him hear. 
He that leadeth into captivity shall go into c
61,shew thyself merciful, and with the upright man thou wilt she
57,d the earth open her mouth, and swallow them up, with all
71, and judgments: thou shalt therefore keep and do them with all thine he
70,D, he took one unleavened cake, and a cake of oiled bread, and one waf
68,ins of Moab, which are by Jordan near Jericho. 
And Moses, and Eleaz
69, and, behold, there was none of you that convinced Job, or that answe
69,od. 
And when ye came unto this place, Sihon the king of Heshbon, and
66,n the sight of their fathers, in the land of Egypt, in the field o
61,that evil were determined by my father to come upon thee, the
64, that he did, and the ivory house which he made, and all the cit
77,lders of the church; and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in th
70, said, Ye are idle, ye are idle: therefore ye say, Let us go and do sa
68,and Hara, and to the river Gozan, unto this day. 
The sons of Levi; 
69,emain in thine house, and bewail her father and her mother a full mon
83,ath the women that stood by her said unto her, Fear not; for thou hast born a son. 
72,cept the person of the wicked, to overthrow the righteous in judgment. 

64,asion from them which desire occasion; that wherein they glory, 
74,eth in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the LORD, make straight in th
68,dren, obey your parents in all things: for this is well pleasing unt
81,the bars of thy gates; he hath blessed thy children within thee. 
He maketh peace
61,ttered throughout Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bith
58,ation of thy poor for ever. 
Have respect unto the covenan
71,ay came almost the whole city together to hear the word of God. 
But wh
62, I am the LORD. 
What man soever of the seed of Aaron is a lep
64,take me? I sat daily with you teaching in the temple, and ye lai
74,and the border of Benjamin, shall be for the prince. 
As for the rest of t
78,le the night: he made the stars also. 
And God set them in the firmament of th
78,. 
And when the Lord saw her, he had compassion on her, and said unto her, Wee
81,t the table, on the side of the tabernacle southward. 
And he lighted the lamps b
62,e damsel by the hand, and said unto her, Talitha cumi; which i
63,e cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing that creepe
67,hich thou hast given to thy people for an inheritance. 
If there be
80,again to Jerusalem, seeking him. 
And it came to pass, that after three days the
57,he sabbath day, to keep it holy. 
Six days shalt thou lab
65,the Son of man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, and girt
79,sought that which was lost; but with force and with cruelty have ye ruled them.
76, thee an house for thine holy name cometh of thine hand, and is all thine ow
72,he devil. 
For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against princ
79, LORD God of their fathers. 
And Abijah pursued after Jeroboam, and took cities
76,he children of Bazlith, the children of Mehida, the children of Harsha, 
The
84, the men rowed hard to bring it to the land; but they could not: for the sea wrought
80,ere, Zoheth, and Benzoheth. 
The sons of Shelah the son of Judah were, Er the fa
81,ear of liberty; after it shall return to the prince: but his inheritance shall be
68,n other prisoners unto one named Julius, a centurion of Augustus' ba
72,halt condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of the LORD, and thei
72,se to themselves a good degree, and great boldness in the faith which is
81,e come to the place, which is called Calvary, there they crucified him, and the m
58, is the exceeding greatness of his power to us-ward who be
68, 
The Lord GOD, which gathereth the outcasts of Israel saith, Yet wi
75,e God and mammon. 
And the Pharisees also, who were covetous, heard all the
71,Israel were in the cities, the people gathered themselves together as o
83,: because their cattle were multiplied in the land of Gilead. 
And in the days of S
79,n this life only we have hope in Christ, we are of all men most miserable. 
But
61, ill with me, as to tell the man whether ye had yet a brother
77,, unto the great river, the river Euphrates. 
Behold, I have set the land bef
68,. 
So he sent into Macedonia two of them that ministered unto him, T
82,eard them laid them up in their hearts, saying, What manner of child shall this be
83,ringeth you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians. 
And I will bring you in u
72,th power. 
And in the synagogue there was a man, which had a spirit of a
71,shon, throughout the houses of their fathers, by their families; 
From 
60, will harden Pharaoh's heart, that he shall follow after the
76,rest of their companions, unto Artaxerxes king of Persia; and the writing of
70,Then saith he unto his disciples, The harvest truly is plenteous, but 
68,hall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God? 
And if the
74,were possessed with devils: and he cast out the spirits with his word, and
59,r habitation: at the light of thine arrows they went, and a
56,ay any thing? the word that God putteth in my mouth, tha
59,st words of David the Levites were numbered from twenty yea
57, things, our hearts did melt, neither did there remain an
81,iction or persecution ariseth for the word's sake, immediately they are offended.
82,him. 
And if any one of the common people sin through ignorance, while he doeth so
83,nd his pillars, and his sockets, 
And the covering of rams' skins dyed red, and the
84,, Let me, I pray thee, kiss my father and my mother, and then I will follow thee. An
65,re they which justify yourselves before men; but God knoweth your
75, no more. Bless thou the LORD, O my soul. Praise ye the LORD. 
O give thank
59,have covenanted with David thy father, saying, There shall 
58,olt unto the choice vine; he washed his garments in wine, 
72,lew not any, either great or small, but carried them away, and went on t
65,be ashamed. 
Yet count him not as an enemy, but admonish him as a
76, and said, Since the people began to bring the offerings into the house of t
63,ts by faith. 
Now therefore why tempt ye God, to put a yoke upo
72,ns of men; and his heart was made like the beasts, and his dwelling was 
81,ere gathered together, the floods stood upright as an heap, and the depths were c
71,t. 
Much food is in the tillage of the poor: but there is that is destr
75,f would depart shortly thither. 
Let them therefore, said he, which among y
68,all know it. 
His eyes shall see his destruction, and he shall drink
59, the ship, and returned back again. 
Now the man out of who
59,o my lord the king? 
Thy servant will go a little way over 
84, of the breastplate, upon the border of it, which was on the side of the ephod inwar
65,r the calling of the assembly, and for the journeying of the camp
68,there be of the children of Israel, or of the strangers that sojourn
61,e law purged with blood; and without shedding of blood is no 
84,g you: and my soul shall not abhor you. 
And I will walk among you, and will be your
71,t dwell in the land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers, to Abraham, 
70,father. 
For Solomon went after Ashtoreth the goddess of the Zidonians
76,od. 
And Joshua said, Hereby ye shall know that the living God is among you,
57,es, the family of the Hebronites, the family of the Mahli
77,unted up from the earth in my sight: when they went out, the wheels also were
74,bbabel the son of Shealtiel, and his brethren, and builded the altar of th
64,ery subtil man. 
And he said unto him, Why art thou, being the k
58,ill I cut off Israel out of the land which I have given th
81,o the LORD. 
And whether it be cow, or ewe, ye shall not kill it and her young bo
78,of the city shall be Hamonah. Thus shall they cleanse the land. 
And, thou son
84,them, to cleanse them: Sprinkle water of purifying upon them, and let them shave all
80,preached unto the spirits in prison; 
Which sometime were disobedient, when once
59,us had finished these sayings, he departed from Galilee, an
69,e gird up thy loins, and arise, and speak unto them all that I comman
69, up. 
For thou art not a God that hath pleasure in wickedness: neithe
78,ch of Abilene, 
Annas and Caiaphas being the high priests, the word of God cam
61,ot at all ashamed, neither could they blush: therefore they s
83,y unto you, The wall is no more, neither they that daubed it; 
To wit, the prophets
77,them? but the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken from them, a
80,e of it unto the morning, nor break any bone of it: according to all the ordinan
66,ine, but his that sent me. 
If any man will do his will, he shall 
81,ade an hedge about him, and about his house, and about all that he hath on every 
70,eir appearances and themselves: they went every one straight forward. 
65,ct; the word of the LORD is tried: he is a buckler to all them th
59, be agreed? 
Will a lion roar in the forest, when he hath n
78,et, therefore the LORD doth not accept them; he will now remember their iniqui
72, in the wilderness forty days, tempted of Satan; and was with the wild b
58,rist in my flesh for his body's sake, which is the church:
72,prayed, and sang praises unto God: and the prisoners heard them. 
And su
67,h up the inhabitants thereof; and all the people that we saw in it 
69, covereth the inwards, and the caul above the liver, and the two kidn
77,: thou art a mighty prince among us: in the choice of our sepulchres bury thy
81,bits: both the cherubims were of one measure and one size. 
The height of the one
84,nd lo Zadok also, and all the Levites were with him, bearing the ark of the covenant
67,rael. 
So Solomon built the house, and finished it. 
And he built t
70, it the second time. And he said, Do it the third time. And they did i
77,, and to Joash the king's son; 
And say, Thus saith the king, Put this fellow
58,upon us, lighter, and we will serve thee. 
And he said unt
56,m, because he knoweth not how to go to the city. 
Woe to
56,azer: the spoiler is fallen upon thy summer fruits and u
83, the land of Egypt shall die, from the first born of Pharaoh that sitteth upon his 
74,ypocritical nation, and against the people of my wrath will I give him a c
58,ree and twentieth year of Nebuchadrezzar Nebuzaradan the c
73,e angel of the LORD, I pray thee, let us detain thee, until we shall have
56,forter, that he may abide with you for ever; 
Even the S
66,forty men, which have bound themselves with an oath, that they wil
81, mine anger, even them that rejoice in my highness. 
The noise of a multitude in 
79,e name of Pur. Therefore for all the words of this letter, and of that which th
63,ned in the power of the Spirit into Galilee: and there went out
58,have chosen Jerusalem, that my name might be there; and ha
57,ed, all the ends of the earth: for I am God, and there is
80,ultitude. 
Give therefore thy servant an understanding heart to judge thy people
67,ike unto thy works. 
All nations whom thou hast made shall come and
76, thy good things, and likewise Lazarus evil things: but now he is comforted,
57,d the priest shall look, and, behold, if the plague of le
63,e of the children of Zebulun was Eliab the son of Helon. 
And t
69,asen censers, wherewith they that were burnt had offered; and they we
61,gers unto them, saying, I am doing a great work, so that I ca
66,him, and said, Blessed be Abram of the most high God, possessor of
81,onth old and upward: for they were not numbered among the children of Israel, bec
69,hen Jesus came, he found that he had lain in the grave four days alre
63,d not unto me, neither inclined their ear. 
And ye were now tur
57, O thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all that debt, bec
80,bad: for Absalom hated Amnon, because he had forced his sister Tamar. 
And it ca
72,ll that are carried away captives, whom I have caused to be carried away
75,rs of the well: but we will go along by the king's high way, until we be pa
83,sus, and see him that was possessed with the devil, and had the legion, sitting, an
58,t? who is able to make war with him? 
And there was given 
59,imes; and be thou ravished always with her love. 
And why w
70, up to the mountain of the LORD, and to the house of the God of Jacob;
61,visions of his head upon his bed: then he wrote the dream, an
80,D; and how much more after my death? 
Gather unto me all the elders of your trib
58,was quiet before him. 
And he built fenced cities in Judah
81,LORD with harp: sing unto him with the psaltery and an instrument of ten strings.
78,t of the camp. 
So they went near, and carried them in their coats out of the 
70, blue, and in purple, in scarlet, and in fine linen, and of the weaver
83, Moses, so the children of Israel made all the work. 
And Moses did look upon all t
57,he saith unto him, Friend, how camest thou in hither not 
71,it, as he that setteth snares; they set a trap, they catch men. 
As a c
56,
And they found an Egyptian in the field, and brought hi
70,hast spoken is good for us to do. 
So I took the chief of your tribes,
59, which all your adversaries shall not be able to gainsay no
73,ape. 
But the centurion, willing to save Paul, kept them from their purpo
63,end of the remnant of Israel? 
Again the word of the LORD came 
75,ll that the LORD hath said will we do, and be obedient. 
And Moses took the
65,themselves, What is this that he saith unto us, A little while, a
82,per than the skin, and the hair thereof be not turned white; then the priest shall
61,d for this cause have I raised thee up, for to shew in thee m
61,, O LORD, and teachest him out of thy law; 
That thou mayest 
60,
And Abner said to Joab, Let the young men now arise, and pl
78, of fat things, a feast of wines on the lees, of fat things full of marrow, of
67,ned a more excellent ministry, by how much also he is the mediator 
59,cision be counted for circumcision? 
And shall not uncircum
60,l of meal shall not waste, neither shall the cruse of oil fa
64, the land of Ephraim, in the mount of the Amalekites. 
And the c
60,ger that sojourneth among them; seeing all the people were i
56, the innocent. He that doeth these things shall never be
67,lt not cut them down (for the tree of the field is man's life) to e
60,at, and in the night to the frost. 
And I will punish him an
71,h the LORD of hosts, Behold, I will punish them: the young men shall di
79,not. 
And thou shalt make a plate of pure gold, and grave upon it, like the eng
66,ght was come, as we were driven up and down in Adria, about midnig
56,e sons of Benjamin; Bela, and Becher, and Jediael, three
61,e do. 
And Moses wrote all the words of the LORD, and rose up
64,ath bidden him. 
It may be that the LORD will look on mine affli
66,pite, that we may send messengers unto all the coasts of Israel: a
76,w concerning Judah and Jerusalem. 
And it shall come to pass in the last day
62, there was war between Asa and Baasha king of Israel all their
60,ehu the son of Hanani the seer went out to meet him, and sai
61,ned gold by weight; and gold for the pattern of the chariot o
76, put to death: and ye shall slay the beast. 
And if a woman approach unto an
66, for one plague was on you all, and on your lords. 
Wherefore ye s
65,on. 
Go and get thee in unto king David, and say unto him, Didst 
71,t Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor; 
And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc beg
80,iest with the holy thing. 
And they shall not profane the holy things of the chi
56,vide it: and the children of Israel shall go on dry grou
81, places. 
And your altars shall be desolate, and your images shall be broken: and
80,und, he hideth, and for joy thereof goeth and selleth all that he hath, and buye
74,But the LORD sent out a great wind into the sea, and there was a mighty te
72, had played the harlot in the land of Egypt. 
For she doted upon their p
65,ands were hairy, as his brother Esau's hands: so he blessed him. 
76,ry side, so that there is neither adversary nor evil occurrent. 
And, behold
66,drinketh no water, and is faint. 
The carpenter stretcheth out his
73,ing delighteth to honour. 
And Mordecai came again to the king's gate. Bu
77,the chariots of Amminadib. 
Return, return, O Shulamite; return, return, that
66,e silver and the gold are a freewill offering unto the LORD God of
72,e all night in sackcloth, ye ministers of my God: for the meat offering 
73,e years of the life of Kohath were an hundred thirty and three years. 
An
61, friends. 
A reproof entereth more into a wise man than an hu
67,tes; also the Avites: 
From the south, all the land of the Canaanit
81,hich hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand; 
When th
68,, neither eat any unclean thing: for the child shall be a Nazarite t
62,gh all her land the wounded shall groan. 
Though Babylon shoul
67,el, and afterward receive me to glory. 
Whom have I in heaven but t
63, me out of the paw of the lion, and out of the paw of the bear,
79,red into the city, there shall a man meet you, bearing a pitcher of water; foll
64, add to thee. 
Let not mercy and truth forsake thee: bind them a
57,require it at the hand of David's enemies. 
And Jonathan 
81,l be heard in this place, which ye say shall be desolate without man and without 
72,t King over all the earth. 
He shall subdue the people under us, and the
81, she saith to him, 
Come, eat of my bread, and drink of the wine which I have min
61,e have heard reproach: shame hath covered our faces: for stra
65,alour. 
And Abijah stood up upon mount Zemaraim, which is in moun
65, unto Jacob, his statutes and his judgments unto Israel. 
He hath
74, in Christ Jesus. Amen. 
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of G
56,eavens, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold fast our profe
72,of the half part of Jerusalem, he and his daughters. 
The valley gate re
56,and they shall reign for ever and ever. 
And he said unt
59,d shall be seven years of famine. 
This is the thing which 
66,d: and when the new moon was come, the king sat him down to eat me
70,ss, which thou hast laid up for them that fear thee; which thou hast w
66,ad man, for the woman which thou hast taken; for she is a man's wi
59,re the LORD: and the bullock shall be killed before the LOR
80,I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance: 
When they were but a fe
70,ich is at Jerusalem, every one to his place, and place them in the hou
77,adnezzar, to thee it is spoken; The kingdom is departed from thee. 
And they 
56, all of them slain, fallen by the sword, which are gone 
79,erusalem. 
Then rose up the chief of the fathers of Judah and Benjamin, and the
68,hy handmaid, and the stranger, may be refreshed. 
And in all things 
64,s, and Jehozabad the son of Shimrith a Moabitess. 
Now concernin
64,thou for the people to God-ward, that thou mayest bring the caus
57,ll stand and feed in the strength of the LORD, in the maj
60, and mine eyes and mine heart shall be there perpetually. 
A
65,sembled all the princes of Israel, the princes of the tribes, and
60,led for him; for so are fulfilled the days of those which ar
57,d after that they go to the dead. 
For to him that is joi
64,ur God shall speak unto thee; and we will hear it, and do it. 
A
80, be in their calamities. 
When their judges are overthrown in stony places, they
64,and the house was filled with the cloud, and the court was full 
79,ed, and transgressed sore against the LORD. 
And Tilgathpilneser king of Assyri
57,nd saith unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful unto d
60,ing they might not understand. 
Now the parable is this: The
69, know how frail I am. 
Behold, thou hast made my days as an handbread
79,ennacherib king of Assyria departed, and went and returned, and dwelt at Nineve
78, the poor, and the steps of the needy. 
The way of the just is uprightness: th
75,ver shall marry her that is divorced committeth adultery. 
Again, ye have h
80,t: ye have built houses of hewn stone, but ye shall not dwell in them; ye have p
65,: and he that watereth shall be watered also himself. 
He that wi
69,er wine nor strong drink, but have poured out my soul before the LORD
76,ldren. 
And the sons of Appaim; Ishi. And the sons of Ishi; Sheshan. And the
79, yet of others, when we might have been burdensome, as the apostles of Christ. 
75,eborah arose, that I arose a mother in Israel. 
They chose new gods; then w
74,use ye are not of God. 
Then answered the Jews, and said unto him, Say we 
62,he captains of the chariots. 
So the Edomites revolted from un
60,rth, and smote in the camp of the Assyrians a hundred and fo
67, God said, This is the token of the covenant which I make between m
72,an running alone. 
And the watchman cried, and told the king. And the ki
67,ed before Israel; and David slew the men of seven hundred chariots 
61,rged: O bring thou me out of my distresses. 
Look upon mine a
65,ple of Gomorrah. 
To what purpose is the multitude of your sacrif
78,n Gibeah, or in Ramah. 
And they passed on and went their way; and the sun wen
69,ron the coat, and the robe of the ephod, and the ephod, and the breas
68, 
Jesus said unto him, Let the dead bury their dead: but go thou and
57,er's: for it was his from the LORD. 
And now I ask one pe
61,ed from the Philistines. 
But he stood in the midst of the gr
83,use there, in a portion of the lawgiver, was he seated; and he came with the heads 
84,n under the prisoners, and they shall fall under the slain. For all this his anger i
57,nd his raiment white as snow: 
And for fear of him the ke
59, the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of Go
83,eyard of Naboth the Jezreelite, which he refused to give thee for money: for Naboth
56,fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gold, or th
74,e hand. And the angel of the LORD stood by the threshingfloor of Ornan the
81,is filled up the wrath of God. 
And I saw as it were a sea of glass mingled with 
77,all they know that I am the LORD. 
This is the lamentation wherewith they sha
63,book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah? 
And the remnant 
69,and his testimonies, as it is written in the law of Moses, that thou 
78,ngels for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honour; that he by th
65,e, and all the host of heaven standing on his right hand and on h
69,s over against the temple, Peter and James and John and Andrew asked 
80,e cedars in the garden of God could not hide him: the fir trees were not like hi
65,lso unto this wicked generation. 
While he yet talked to the peop
65,ess against thee? 
But Jesus held his peace, And the high priest 
59,der not in their hearts that I remember all their wickednes
65,book of the wars of the LORD, What he did in the Red sea, and in 
58,hat time that thine ear was not opened: for I knew that th
76, GOD. 
And they shall sever out men of continual employment, passing through
72,zzar Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive of the Je
79, Jesus shewed himself to his disciples, after that he was risen from the dead. 
66, in a wide house. 
As cold waters to a thirsty soul, so is good ne
83, rooted out of it. 
My son, forget not my law; but let thine heart keep my commandm
72,sed over Jordan, that the LORD spake unto Joshua, saying, 
Take you twel
57,l which spake to him in the mount Sina, and with our fath
70,ely tell the king of all these words. 
And they asked Baruch, saying, 
64,ies, and came to battle. 
And when David heard of it, he sent Jo
83,Saying, Master, Moses said, If a man die, having no children, his brother shall mar
56,ant of the LORD, that he made with the children of Israe
65,ur and twentieth day of the month, saying, 
Speak to Zerubbabel, 
63, the war; 
And charged the messenger, saying, When thou hast ma
60, that passeth away: yea, it shall be at an instant suddenly.
60,l, neither also is it in them to do good. 
Forasmuch as ther
79,d and poor people, and they shall trust in the name of the LORD. 
The remnant o
69,rd affection is more abundant toward you, whilst he remembereth the o
73,be yours: from the wilderness and Lebanon, from the river, the river Euph
63,he visiteth, what shall I answer him? 
Did not he that made me 
78,ched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you. 
And their
56, will cause righteousness and praise to spring forth bef
77,rtheless the hand of Ahikam the son of Shaphan was with Jeremiah, that they s
75,t given to much wine, not greedy of filthy lucre; 
Holding the mystery of t
74,pared: 
For there is a fire gone out of Heshbon, a flame from the city of 
61, sakes; that ye might learn in us not to think of men above t
78, God giveth thee, man or woman, that hath wrought wickedness in the sight of t
71,e causes the Jews caught me in the temple, and went about to kill me. 

84,thy advice, and blessed be thou, which hast kept me this day from coming to shed blo
56,u, Among those that are born of women there is not a gre
78, yet alive. And Jethro said to Moses, Go in peace. 
And the LORD said unto Mos
78,liakim, 
Which was the son of Melea, which was the son of Menan, which was the
68,heir sons, and their little children. 
And Moses said, Hereby ye sha
66,y name, O LORD God of hosts. 
I sat not in the assembly of the moc
69, to be spoken by the Lord, and was confirmed unto us by them that hea
76,ood. 
The eye of him that hath seen me shall see me no more: thine eyes are 
62, Saul came, saying, 
To morrow about this time I will send the
64,e unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto Aaron, and to his sons, and un
84,ake them are like unto them: so is every one that trusteth in them. 
Bless the LORD,
62,derly, and not after the tradition which he received of us. 
F
74,o them, He that hath ears to hear, let him hear. 
And when he was alone, t
73, Immer, a thousand fifty and two. 
The children of Pashur, a thousand two
57,thful witness, and the first begotten of the dead, and th
83,night and day, even toward the place of which thou hast said, My name shall be ther
65,th thy servant, that I may live, and keep thy word. 
Open thou mi
73,n our behalf. 
For our rejoicing is this, the testimony of our conscience
79,s round about the throne and the beasts and the elders: and the number of them 
58, was entered into a ship, his disciples followed him. 
And
57,hich is my refuge, even the most High, thy habitation; 
T
84,very man his share, and his coulter, and his axe, and his mattock. 
Yet they had a f
70,d when he numbered them in Bezek, the children of Israel were three hu
61, our God. 
If thou wilt return, O Israel, saith the LORD, ret
80,s? was thy wrath against the sea, that thou didst ride upon thine horses and thy
67,od. And he rebuking them suffered them not to speak: for they knew 
60,d voice, 
Cursed be the man that maketh any graven or molten
59, have threshed Gilead with threshing instruments of iron: 

69,ent. 
He maketh a path to shine after him; one would think the deep t
73,ered together. 
Then one of them, which was a lawyer, asked him a questio
71,he Philistines gathered themselves together at Michmash; 
Therefore sai
84,: and your land shall be desolate, and your cities waste. 
Then shall the land enjoy
62,ame to pass, that when he had commanded the man clothed with l
66,nceforth, even for ever. 
And thou, O tower of the flock, the stro
68,into a strong man's house, and spoil his goods, except he will first
76,s brother shall go in unto her, and take her to him to wife, and perform the
73, the king. 
And Absalom said to Hushai, Is this thy kindness to thy frien
76,se, saith the LORD; now will I be exalted; now will I lift up myself. 
Ye sh
79,unwalled towns a great many. 
And we utterly destroyed them, as we did unto Sih
70,trees; and brake the trees of their coasts. 
He spake, and the locusts
58, which were toward the north, as long as they, and as broa
61,t furnace; and the sun and the air were darkened by reason of
62,passion. 
So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him th
76,nd of her that is sick of her flowers, and of him that hath an issue, of the
77,as men enter into a city wherein is made a breach. 
With the hoofs of his hor
66, silver: and it became the inheritance of the children of Joseph. 
73,o sacrifice unto him since the days of Esarhaddon king of Assur, which br
64,r two young pigeons, to the priest, to the door of the tabernacl
66,wn; and when he had spit on his eyes, and put his hands upon him, 
56,urnt offering: 
One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
79, bush: let the blessing come upon the head of Joseph, and upon the top of the h
84,, that the mind of the LORD might be shewed them. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, sa
80,, The heaven is my throne, and the earth is my footstool: where is the house tha
82,For the redemption of their soul is precious, and it ceaseth for ever:) 
That he s
56,e sweet spices with pure frankincense: of each shall the
77,membrance. 
For they have consulted together with one consent: they are confe
77, the king, Yea, let him take all, forasmuch as my lord the king is come again
65,of them, and smote down the chosen men of Israel. 
For all this t
74,goats upon his hands, and upon the smooth of his neck: 
And she gave the s
58, all men, both free and bond, both small and great. 
And I
79, Joab. 
And he bowed the heart of all the men of Judah, even as the heart of on
58, that speaketh proud things: 
Who have said, With our tong
70,gether of prophets four hundred men, and said unto them, Shall we go t
74, which is in the valley of the son of Hinnom, to burn their sons and their
76,hast thou found in thy servant so long as I have been with thee unto this da
66, nor your sacrifices sweet unto me. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD
80,t. 
This Moses whom they refused, saying, Who made thee a ruler and a judge? the
65,aving great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short ti
68,ording to their families, the cities and their villages. 
And the se
57,r the elders of Israel together, and say unto them, The L
66, have heard out of the law that Christ abideth for ever: and how s
72,heir children, shewing to the generation to come the praises of the LORD
59,could not the king sleep, and he commanded to bring the boo
78,g in the ears of the people, he, and Hoshea the son of Nun. 
And Moses made an
66,en I brake the five loaves among five thousand, how many baskets f
80,re? who among us shall dwell with everlasting burnings? 
He that walketh righteo
56,e stone, and have made Abimelech, the son of his maidser
84, with the fleece; let it now be dry only upon the fleece, and upon all the ground le
84,ying, Joseph is yet alive, and he is governor over all the land of Egypt. And Jacob'
58, them, saith the LORD: 
But this shall be the covenant tha
77,he Philistines, and of the Arabians, that were near the Ethiopians: 
And they
82,ord of the LORD they gave him the city which he asked, even Timnathserah in mount 
69, whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go with him twain. 
Give t
83,gainst Judah. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched 
61,s declare his righteousness, and all the people see his glory
65,nd spread not, it is a burning boil; and the priest shall pronoun
61,f the LORD for servants and handmaids: and they shall take th
57,ellowship; that we should go unto the heathen, and they u
62,d no fruit. 
And other fell on good ground, and did yield frui
57,ight take him. 
Then Jesus six days before the passover c
60,know the righteousness of the LORD. 
Wherewith shall I come 
61,captain, Why is the decree so hasty from the king? Then Arioc
70,he land, and left neither man nor woman alive, and took away the sheep
67,l man, and feared God above many. 
And I said unto them, Let not th
70,glorious arm, dividing the water before them, to make himself an everl
80,hat the salvation of Israel were come out of Zion! when the LORD bringeth back t
81,his holiness; I will rejoice, I will divide Shechem, and mete out the valley of S
78,before your idols. 
And I will lay the dead carcases of the children of Israel
68,, and said unto the king, Why have our brethren the men of Judah sto
82,eof; and so it shall be joined together. 
And the curious girdle of the ephod, whi
68,. 
And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the LORD, and
72,LORD hath spoken it. 
The voice said, Cry. And he said, What shall I cry
72,ivered: for I will contend with him that contendeth with thee, and I wil
74,en thereof in my mourning, neither have I taken away ought thereof for any
60,ok the bones of Joseph with him: for he had straitly sworn t
79,ast my name, and hast not denied my faith, even in those days wherein Antipas w
84,nt to Geshur, and brought Absalom to Jerusalem. 
And the king said, Let him turn to 
61, the fire; the founder melteth in vain: for the wicked are no
59,the mighty man, he had the earth; and the honourable man dw
74,o Gath, and was come again. 
And the king sent and called for Shimei, and 
77,e that they have slain all the young men the king's sons; for Amnon only is d
80,ve thyself and us. 
But the other answering rebuked him, saying, Dost not thou f
75,shew thee. 
Then came he out of the land of the Chaldaeans, and dwelt in Ch
66, 
Wilt not thou, O God, which hadst cast us off? and thou, O God, 
79,e thou diligent to know the state of thy flocks, and look well to thy herds. 
F
75, to fight our battles. And the people rested themselves upon the words of H
62,way the evil of your doings from before mine eyes; cease to do
64,thun, and Heman. 
So the number of them, with their brethren tha
72,ar unto thee; 
Delivering thee from the people, and from the Gentiles, u
72,anks well, but the other is not edified. 
I thank my God, I speak with t
57,tcher from her shoulder, and said, Drink, and I will give
69,my salvation shall not tarry: and I will place salvation in Zion for 
57,hat there was come a man to seek the welfare of the child
70,hee? or that there be three days' pestilence in thy land? now advise, 
82,her; keep that thou hast unto thyself. 
And Jacob said, Nay, I pray thee, if now I
71,, and repenteth him of the evil. 
Who knoweth if he will return and rep
58,is Joseph's son? 
And he said unto them, Ye will surely sa
83,ond year, that the cloud was taken up from off the tabernacle of the testimony. 
An
68, Selah. 
Thou art more glorious and excellent than the mountains of 
80,utward court that looked toward the north, he measured the length thereof, and t
71,he Chaldeans, with a voice of singing declare ye, tell this, utter it e
61,
And Moses went and spake these words unto all Israel. 
And h
61,e into my house, and abide there. And she constrained us. 
An
72,s low, and abase him that is high. 
I will overturn, overturn, overturn,
59,old. 
Buy the truth, and sell it not; also wisdom, and inst
81,th stammering lips and another tongue will he speak to this people. 
To whom he s
83,s save some. 
And this I do for the gospel's sake, that I might be partaker thereof
62,crifice of thanksgiving of his peace offerings. 
And of it he 
75, sea? 
Ethiopia and Egypt were her strength, and it was infinite; Put and L
81,id, Behold my maid Bilhah, go in unto her; and she shall bear upon my knees, that
64,d, and bring forth boughs like a plant. 
But man dieth, and wast
61,ee? or what shall be done unto thee, thou false tongue? 
Shar
70,y, thou inhabitant of Saphir, having thy shame naked: the inhabitant o
72,y against him that which is wrong; 
Then both the men, between whom the 
59, and be confounded, and never open thy mouth any more becau
81,another place in their sight: it may be they will consider, though they be a rebe
65,ildren of Ammon and Moab stood up against the inhabitants of moun
81,e of the children of Israel: none went out, and none came in. 
And the LORD said 
62,s another man. 
Delilah therefore took new ropes, and bound hi
75,she opened not the gate for gladness, but ran in, and told how Peter stood 
76,m the first day that I came into Asia, after what manner I have been with yo
71,e of Israel died. 
Therefore the people came to Moses, and said, We hav
65,ute judgment between a man and his neighbour; 
If ye oppress not 
66,ed some better thing for us, that they without us should not be ma
81,s were gathered together, the floods stood upright as an heap, and the depths wer
72,u before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such 
58,uttered ought out of her lips, wherewith she bound her sou
84,works. 
And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death
65,ious and full of compassion. 
He hath given meat unto them that f
82,avail. 
Two are better than one; because they have a good reward for their labour.
74,iet in the land. 
Yea, they opened their mouth wide against me, and said, 
72,ning. 
The crown is fallen from our head: woe unto us, that we have sinn
71, got not the land in possession by their own sword, neither did their o
82,l be a vessel unto honour, sanctified, and meet for the master's use, and prepared
64,e thousand and seven hundred and thirty. 
And the sons of Pallu;
80, my brother's: for it was his from the LORD. 
And now I ask one petition of thee
65,rom off his bed, and walked upon the roof of the king's house: an
66,ed it: it shall not be quenched. 
Then said I, Ah Lord GOD! they s
79,ghtway, as an ox goeth to the slaughter, or as a fool to the correction of the 
74,this thing that thou doest to the people? why sittest thou thyself alone, 
66, house of Joseph, and his brethren, and his father's house: only t
72,rd Jesus Christ, by whom we have now received the atonement. 
Wherefore,
68,But now I go my way to him that sent me; and none of you asketh me, 
68,e hands of the wicked; preserve me from the violent man; who have pu
79,e lowest pit, in darkness, in the deeps. 
Thy wrath lieth hard upon me, and tho
74,o. 
Moreover there are workmen with thee in abundance, hewers and workers 
72,dst take, and deckedst thy high places with divers colours, and playedst
81,hat spakest unto the woman? And he said, I am. 
And Manoah said, Now let thy word
57,sts, I took thee from the sheepcote, from following the s
65,loth, and they shall weep for thee with bitterness of heart and b
79,the priests had a portion assigned them of Pharaoh, and did eat their portion w
65,ew softly, supposing that they had obtained their purpose, loosin
62, the third time that Jesus shewed himself to his disciples, af
70,s: for ye have not spoken of me the thing that is right, as my servant
58,LORD hath chosen, he hath even cast them off? thus they ha
67,d cities throughout all Judah. 
Now Jehoshaphat had riches and hono
78,temple in the Lord: 
In whom ye also are builded together for an habitation of
65, mine anger. 
Now let them put away their whoredom, and the carca
84,ng God, and an everlasting king: at his wrath the earth shall tremble, and the natio
67,adness shall be found therein, thanksgiving, and the voice of melod
71,on thee, and put on thy shoes upon thy feet, and cover not thy lips, an
75,ty boards: 
And their forty sockets of silver; two sockets under one board,
67,s, and threescore concubines; and begat twenty and eight sons, and 
83,And Araunah said unto David, Let my lord the king take and offer up what seemeth go
78, the cup of the Lord, and the cup of devils: ye cannot be partakers of the Lor
70, 
All that were numbered in the camp of Reuben were an hundred thousan
59,d immediately, while he yet spake, cometh Judas, one of the
68, renowned of the congregation, princes of the tribes of their father
61,em repaired Zadok the son of Baana. 
And next unto them the T
78, blood of thine enemies, and the tongue of thy dogs in the same. 
They have se
77,ion; let her not go: keep her; for she is thy life. 
Enter not into the path 
80,ea, he is altogether lovely. This is my beloved, and this is my friend, O daught
72,itteth sin transgresseth also the law: for sin is the transgression of t
60,ouse of Israel, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; 
66,the moon into blood, before the great and notable day of the Lord 
70,with fire. 
And if any of the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace offe
56,here until now: 
And I have oxen, and asses, flocks, and
76,n from our iniquities, and understand thy truth. 
Therefore hath the LORD wa
60,parted thence, and entered into a certain man's house, named
71,o the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD. 
And they tied unto
65, you up to the synagogues, and into prisons, being brought before
61,eanness in her: then let him write her a bill of divorcement,
71,r sorrows. 
Their young ones are in good liking, they grow up with corn
82,dust like a serpent, they shall move out of their holes like worms of the earth: t
62,d he called the pillar after his own name: and it is called un
59, the day of his preparation, and the fir trees shall be ter
72,rary to the doctrine which ye have learned; and avoid them. 
For they th
83,and of goats, of bullocks, all of them fatlings of Bashan. 
And ye shall eat fat ti
72, sons, and brought them to Jabesh, and buried their bones under the oak 
80, 
And when he had landed at Caesarea, and gone up, and saluted the church, he we
74, sword: for wrath bringeth the punishments of the sword, that ye may know 
71,n: 
To whom the word of the LORD came in the days of Josiah the son of 
61,ured nor laid up; for her merchandise shall be for them that 
69,e thy wives before thine eyes, and give them unto thy neighbour, and 
57, 
And will go all of you armed over Jordan before the LOR
83,r against the other coupling thereof, above the curious girdle of the ephod. 
And t
56,uch as thou art sent of the king, and of his seven couns
84,s father in law, and did obeisance, and kissed him; and they asked each other of the
61,cording to the commandment of king Josiah. 
And the children 
76,ed from Kibrothhattaavah, and encamped at Hazeroth. 
And they departed from 
72,se you to the Father: there is one that accuseth you, even Moses, in who
80,e in the book of life. 
Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say, Rejoice. 
Le
62,hou for this people, neither lift up a cry or prayer for them:
67,usness; and thy right hand shall teach thee terrible things. 
Thine
80,ed him into her house. 
And she had a sister called Mary, which also sat at Jesu
68,he defenced cities. 
Set up the standard toward Zion: retire, stay n
71,he earth beneath, or that is in the waters beneath the earth: 
Thou sha
71,ribes, and to the half tribe: 
For the tribe of the children of Reuben 
74, Tharshish with the navy of Hiram: once in three years came the navy of Th
70, he dwelt in the plain of Mamre the Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and br
76,e the LORD, and returned, and came to their house to Ramah: and Elkanah knew
61,est thou the prophets? I know that thou believest. 
Then Agri
57,house. 
And when she is departed out of his house, she ma
75,ted you, and our labour be in vain. 
But now when Timotheus came from you u
57,d he cry unto the LORD against thee, and it be sin unto t
58,, and set his heart on Daniel to deliver him: and he labou
66, priests, to the reign of Darius the Persian. 
The sons of Levi, t
60,ugh Coniah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah were the signe
67,he height thereof reached unto heaven, and the sight thereof to the
66,saries of Judah and Benjamin heard that the children of the captiv
70,hall be no grief unto thee, nor offence of heart unto my lord, either 
60,b our father commanded us. 
But it came to pass, when Nebuch
61,ll there be no place to bury. 
Thus will I do unto this place
61,nd hewed them out cisterns, broken cisterns, that can hold no
59, wheel. 
When they went, they went upon their four sides; t
82,hief priests and scribes sought how they might kill him; for they feared the peopl
65,veth grace unto the lowly. 
The wise shall inherit glory: but sha
83, righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still.
84,kingdom shall be sure unto thee, after that thou shalt have known that the heavens d
64,chri. 
And he went through all the tribes of Israel unto Abel, a
68,usness from the God of his salvation. 
This is the generation of the
57,e my firstborn for my transgression, the fruit of my body
77,
Therefore he lifted up his hand against them, to overthrow them in the wilde
58, 
And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite. 

61,imon Peter stood and warmed himself. They said therefore unto
80,, from generation to generation shall they dwell therein. 
The wilderness and th
75,hand, and the stretched out arm, whereby the LORD thy God brought thee out:
67,ught with money of any stranger, which is not of thy seed. 
He that
80, king, all peace. 
Be it known unto the king, that we went into the province of 
59,ent, that soul shall utterly be cut off; his iniquity shall
69,possession: he is Esau the father of the Edomites. 
And Jacob dwelt i
62,was this waste of the ointment made? 
For it might have been s
73,; and thou hast said, I will give them flesh, that they may eat a whole m
80,ween the passages, by which Jonathan sought to go over unto the Philistines' gar
71,oilest, and thou wast not spoiled; and dealest treacherously, and they 
65,hey may go into the gates of the nobles. 
I have commanded my san
83, Meshullam and Shabbethai the Levite helped them. 
And the children of the captivit
69,n, Reaia his son, Baal his son, 
Beerah his son, whom Tilgathpilneser
64, ye that forget God, lest I tear you in pieces, and there be non
64,f the old man with his deeds; 
And have put on the new man, whic
75,e, and said, 
As God liveth, who hath taken away my judgment; and the Almig
80,ether, whom he slew, and shed the blood of war in peace, and put the blood of wa
71, he do: ye shall have one ordinance, both for the stranger, and for him
83,his villages in Israel: then shall the people of the LORD go down to the gates. 
Aw
84,and twentieth day of the month, saying, 
Speak to Zerubbabel, governor of Judah, say
58, it, they said, God forbid. 
And he beheld them, and said,
79, the land which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee. 
Thou shalt be blessed 
82,lls, but he is not God of the valleys, therefore will I deliver all this great mul
69,e have I lost none. 
Then Simon Peter having a sword drew it, and smo
76, make a man an offender for a word, and lay a snare for him that reproveth i
65,arls! 
For in one hour so great riches is come to nought. And eve
75, Ziba. And when they had called him unto David, the king said unto him, Art
66,rusalem say. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will plead 
67,es of the Lord GOD are upon the sinful kingdom, and I will destroy 
66,prophet in thy room. 
And it shall come to pass, that him that esc
71,Jordan, and came to Helam. And the Syrians set themselves in array agai
70,very man to his neighbour, Wherefore hath the LORD done thus unto this
58,e LORD; I will sing praise to the LORD God of Israel. 
LOR
78,edech, the high priest, and to the residue of the people, saying, 
Who is left
60,take a wife to her sister, to vex her, to uncover her nakedn
79,th afflicted me in the day of his fierce anger. 
From above hath he sent fire i
82,same time when Gog shall come against the land of Israel, saith the Lord GOD, that
70,ake unto her, Thou God seest me: for she said, Have I also here looked
77, with the third part of an hin of oil. 
And for a drink offering thou shalt o
56,dren of Israel are more and mightier than we: 
Come on, 
75,f the first year: this was the offering of Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai
60,from thy servants, and from thy people; they shall remain in
64,; thy servant will go and fight with this Philistine. 
And Saul 
81,nd it shall be one tabernacle. 
And thou shalt make curtains of goats' hair to be
65,d hath delivered into our hands our enemy, and the destroyer of o
58,the remnant of the oil that is in the priest's hand he sha
76,their fathers. 
And they stood up in their place, and read in the book of th
75,oonday; hide the outcasts; bewray not him that wandereth. 
Let mine outcast
58,ept thou first bring Michal Saul's daughter, when thou com
63,th me to be, or that he heareth of me. 
And lest I should be ex
81,reof, gave they to Caleb the son of Jephunneh for his possession. 
Thus they gave
68,arted out of the way; ye have caused many to stumble at the law; ye 
58,ne of the Pharisees desired him that he would eat with him
57, sons of Elizaphan; Shemaiah the chief, and his brethren 
65,s are privily set against the poor. 
He lieth in wait secretly as
75,et at nought; but also that the temple of the great goddess Diana should be
58,ve sinned: for I have transgressed the commandment of the 
78,all the ladies of Persia and Media say this day unto all the king's princes, w
78,er's God, and I will exalt him. 
The LORD is a man of war: the LORD is his nam
78,Obededom. 
And Meshelemiah had sons and brethren, strong men, eighteen. 
Also 
65,ot sound an alarm. 
And the sons of Aaron, the priests, shall blo
74, the second miracle that Jesus did, when he was come out of Judaea into Ga
82,en the morning arose, then the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take thy wife, 
63, Edom. 
Esau took his wives of the daughters of Canaan; Adah th
68,thy herds. 
For riches are not for ever: and doth the crown endure t
82, God. 
For the LORD giveth wisdom: out of his mouth cometh knowledge and understan
84, 
This is the covenant that I will make with them after those days, saith the Lord, 
58,e LORD said unto Moses, I have seen this people, and, beho
67,er; and bind their faces in secret. 
Then will I also confess unto 
57,e hear the word of the LORD, ye scornful men, that rule t
81,l be of gold, upon the four sockets of silver. 
And thou shalt hang up the vail u
69, he is in a journey, or peradventure he sleepeth, and must be awaked.
84,ich was the son of Ragau, which was the son of Phalec, which was the son of Heber, w
57,ast: 
And, behold, the glory of the God of Israel came fr
65, the staves to bear it withal. 
And he made the staves of shittim
79,t in his face, and shall answer and say, So shall it be done unto that man that
59,ay have lack of nothing. 
But I would not have you to be ig
67, become vain? 
Neither said they, Where is the LORD that brought us
69,a man after his own heart, and the LORD hath commanded him to be capt
68,appear before the LORD thy God thrice in the year. 
Thou shalt not o
72,the children of Eber, the brother of Japheth the elder, even to him were
61,usand and four hundred chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen
58,came lame. And his name was Mephibosheth. 
And the sons of
78,hould kill his neighbour unawares, and hated him not in times past; and that f
80,
Let his heart be changed from man's, and let a beast's heart be given unto him;
83,n instruments shall be there: all my springs are in thee. 
O lord God of my salvati
83,s and the sons together, saith the LORD: I will not pity, nor spare, nor have mercy
67,nto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in every thin
65,ra, We have trespassed against our God, and have taken strange wi
66,. Then she said unto him, Hear the words of thine handmaid. And he
84,for on the day that I smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt I hallowed unto m
57,t, nor any thing taken from it: and God doeth it, that me
65, said Saul to his armourbearer, Draw thy sword, and thrust me thr
80,age; ask him. 
Then again called they the man that was blind, and said unto him,
79,so, Father: for so it seemed good in thy sight. 
All things are delivered unto 
66,r why should we serve him? 
And would to God this people were unde
57,race be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and the
66, Rekem, and Zur, and Hur, and Reba, five kings of Midian: Balaam a
72, call on thy name. 
But the Lord said unto him, Go thy way: for he is a 
65,e to them that are with child, and to them that give suck in thos
82,hout ceasing of the church unto God for him. 
And when Herod would have brought hi
80, upon mount Ebal to curse; Reuben, Gad, and Asher, and Zebulun, Dan, and Naphtal
66,s well pleasing unto the Lord. 
Fathers, provoke not your children
70,low with wine and oil. 
And I will restore to you the years that the l
67,thou shalt deliver him the pledge again when the sun goeth down, th
79,will cast thee to the ground, I will lay thee before kings, that they may behol
77,refore have I also made you contemptible and base before all the people, acco
82,he son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah, took of the accursed thi
76,is fruit. 
O generation of vipers, how can ye, being evil, speak good things
71,and his train filled the temple. 
Above it stood the seraphims: each on
76,on. 
And Jesus returned in the power of the Spirit into Galilee: and there w
73,nd the anger of the LORD was kindled against them; and he departed. 
And 
60, the kingdom of Og king of Bashan, and all the towns of Jair
73,mmanded to give her meat. 
And her parents were astonished: but he charge
57,of my Father upon you: but tarry ye in the city of Jerusa
72,and thy burnt offering, and make an atonement for thyself, and for the p
74,igail bare Amasa: and the father of Amasa was Jether the Ishmeelite. 
And 
62, thine offspring as the grass of the earth. 
Thou shalt come t
58,h killed the fatted calf, because he hath received him saf
59,less child. 
If thou afflict them in any wise, and they cry
56,hands, and rebuked thee yesternight. 
And Laban answered
64,RD. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
The daughters of Ze
61,d to Joash the king's son; 
And say, Thus saith the king, Put
70,all be found in him, he shall die. 
So king Solomon sent, and they bro
74,ns are taken captives, and thy daughters captives. 
Yet will I bring again
59,l, he is judged of all: 
And thus are the secrets of his he
73,persecution against the church which was at Jerusalem; and they were all 
71,s garments in wine, and his clothes in the blood of grapes: 
His eyes s
58,ORD thy God will send the hornet among them, until they th
82,y have healed also the hurt of the daughter of my people slightly, saying, Peace, 
70, me, that I may live: for thy law is my delight. 
Let the proud be ash
70, be threshing it, nor break it with the wheel of his cart, nor bruise 
73,t be among you: but whosoever will be great among you, shall be your mini
79,apeth of Moab, and upon the remnant of the land. 
Send ye the lamb to the ruler
81,o more go down; neither shall thy moon withdraw itself: for the LORD shall be thi
73,egation. 
And thou shalt take of the blood of the bullock, and put it upo
56, it upon his head, and a reed in his right hand: and the
65,hat were on the other side of the flood, or the gods of the Amori
79,heir camels, four hundred thirty and five; their asses, six thousand seven hund
80,ring and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs
71,standing, if the land of your possession be unclean, then pass ye over 
84,obedience as also saith the law. 
And if they will learn any thing, let them ask the
80,r of the thoughts and intents of the heart. 
Neither is there any creature that 
58, blessed in him? 
For I know him, that he will command his
66,s, and her two daughters in law with her; and they went on the way
78,en unto us exceeding great and precious promises: that by these ye might be pa
61, countenance of his friend. 
Whoso keepeth the fig tree shall
75,urely I have hired thee with my son's mandrakes. And he lay with her that n
68,he might destroy him that had the power of death, that is, the devil
81,ites out of all the cities of Judah, and the chief of the fathers of Israel, and 
80,h month, that Hananiah the son of Azur the prophet, which was of Gibeon, spake u
82, that fear thy name, small and great; and shouldest destroy them which destroy the
59,They have mouths, but they speak not; eyes have they, but t
79,ut forth his hand, and took her, and pulled her in unto him into the ark. 
And 
70,nto us, and brought us word again, and said, It is a good land which t
71, disciples came to Jesus, saying unto him, Where wilt thou that we prep
77,posts, the LORD will pass over the door, and will not suffer the destroyer to
74,unto him, Hear the words of thine handmaid. And he answered, I do hear. 
T
56,h an high look and a proud heart will not I suffer. 
Min
62,e resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead, 
To an inheritan
67, shall a deceitful tongue be found in their mouth: for they shall f
74,thers, I myself should be a castaway. 
Moreover, brethren, I would not tha
83, deliverer; 
The God of my rock; in him will I trust: he is my shield, and the horn
57,, and they shall be my people. 
And they shall teach no m
69,m were, Shammai, and Jada. And the sons of Shammai; Nadab and Abishur
68, say, so declare unto us, and we will do it. 
And now I have this da
60,ot be persuaded, we ceased, saying, The will of the Lord be 
82,it had torn him, and cried with a loud voice, he came out of him. 
And they were a
77,ur to all their idols. 
So will I stretch out my hand upon them, and make the
73,congregation into the land which I have given them. 
This is the water of
78, the evil treasure bringeth forth evil things. 
But I say unto you, That every
56,d Baalhanan the son of Achbor died, and Hadar reigned in
66,onth at even. 
Seven days shall there be no leaven found in your h
79,heart, and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face, and come
78,t of pure gold: two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit
60,tion. 
And he informed me, and talked with me, and said, O D
76,d dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life: 
And I will put enmity betwe
69,wledge of him! or the son of man, that thou makest account of him! 
M
78, 
Go, enquire of the LORD for me, and for them that are left in Israel and in 
77,out of her daughter. 
But Jesus said unto her, Let the children first be fill
81,that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.
64,against his neighbour is a maul, and a sword, and a sharp arrow.
75,the people saw what Paul had done, they lifted up their voices, saying in t
63,ye shall therefore sanctify yourselves, and ye shall be holy; f
65,be circumcised, Christ shall profit you nothing. 
For I testify a
66,rment: 
And he saith unto him, Friend, how camest thou in hither n
77,em a desolation. 
Our holy and our beautiful house, where our fathers praised
56,For God hath not called us unto uncleanness, but unto ho
68,lest your bands be made strong: for I have heard from the Lord GOD o
82, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD to me; Make thee bonds and yokes, and put them upon 
71, he break the covenant, and be delivered? 
As I live, saith the Lord GO
58,he field. And they went out both of them into the field. 

72,a the chief, and said unto him, Why hast thou not required of the Levite
73,ept secret, but that it should come abroad. 
If any man have ears to hear
61,y land; 
And I will shake all nations, and the desire of all 
56,lace. 
Give unto the LORD, ye kindreds of the people, gi
75,noweth this man letters, having never learned? 
Jesus answered them, and sa
58,soul, Soul, thou hast much goods laid up for many years; t
82,ch were before thee, so shall they burn odours for thee; and they will lament thee
68,s broad. 
And the arches thereof were toward the utter court; and pa
75,o their deeds, accordingly he will repay, fury to his adversaries, recompen
77, I will make thee desolate. 
As thou didst rejoice at the inheritance of the 
81,king stood by the gate side, and all the people came out by hundreds and by thous
82,e turned; he turneth his hand against me all the day. 
My flesh and my skin hath h
64, unto his people. 
And Moses turned, and went down from the moun
62,e of God, him shall God destroy; for the temple of God is holy
73,. 
And Laban said unto him, I pray thee, if I have found favour in thine 
70, of Ammon into mine hands, 
Then it shall be, that whatsoever cometh f
63,h him, that the king said unto him, Art thou made of the king's
61, sons and my daughters? thou hast now done foolishly in so do
73,ey are! 
And thou sayest, How doth God know? can he judge through the dar
71,their children, and their children's children for ever: and my servant 
62, saith the Lord GOD, I will even do according to thine anger, 
64,ced, or my mouth hath kissed my hand: 
This also were an iniquit
67,en, one of the officers which stood by struck Jesus with the palm o
79,eping as they went up. 
And one told David, saying, Ahithophel is among the con
83, with the works of your hands, burning incense unto other gods in the land of Egypt
81, go away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I de
57,way in the night. 
The east wind carrieth him away, and h
81,his abomination, to cause Judah to sin. 
And now therefore thus saith the LORD, t
65,od giveth you to possess it. 
And to the Reubenites, and to the G
65,t turned white; then the priest shall shut up him that hath the p
59,o Medeba. 
Thus Israel dwelt in the land of the Amorites. 

78,, I am not. 
One of the servants of the high priest, being his kinsman whose e
66, byword, among all nations whither the LORD shall lead thee. 
Thou
71,ah was his sanctuary, and Israel his dominion. 
The sea saw it, and fle
74,n, which ye have profaned in the midst of them; and the heathen shall know
82, to nation, and from one kingdom to another people; 
He suffered no man to do them
59,s thereof to their hurt. 
But those riches perish by evil t
76,to Moses, saying, 
Bring forth him that hath cursed without the camp; and le
66,RD God of Israel, keep with thy servant David my father that which
56,t in the midst of the water. 
And I will cause the noise
71, the Pharisees said unto them, Why do ye that which is not lawful to do
72, findeth none. 
Then he saith, I will return into my house from whence I
59,green bay tree. 
Yet he passed away, and, lo, he was not: y
65,edesh, and Hazor, and Ithnan, 
Ziph, and Telem, and Bealoth, 
And
63,prophets, He shall be called a Nazarene. 
In those days came Jo
79, but these shall escape out of his hand, even Edom, and Moab, and the chief of 
62,the porch and the altar, were about five and twenty men, with 
60, men, they shall judge them after the manner of adulteresses
56,the synagogue, and reasoned with the Jews. 
When they de
84,rom Dan even to Beersheba, all the days of Solomon. 
And Solomon had forty thousand 
82,n the morning; and they removed from Shittim, and came to Jordan, he and all the c
69, a gnat, and swallow a camel. 
Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, h
79,lieth toward the south west and north west. 
And when the south wind blew softl
84,d, that they are many: and ye gathered together the waters of the lower pool. 
And y
81, that the stranger calleth to thee for: that all people of the earth may know thy
81,D hath commanded, saying, 
What man soever there be of the house of Israel, that 
72,. 
And he provided the first part for himself, because there, in a porti
75,eive him, because his face was as though he would go to Jerusalem. 
And whe
65,offering on the altar. 
And he brought the people's offering, and
73,d he arose, and took the young child and his mother, and came into the la
66,iezer had none other sons; but the sons of Rehabiah were very many
66,likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and
76,do they shoot at him, and fear not. 
They encourage themselves in an evil ma
73, east border. 
In the land shall be his possession in Israel: and my prin
67,I will send a lad, saying, Go, find out the arrows. If I expressly 
65,t thou give him. 
For the LORD thy God hath chosen him out of all
60,hat lieth with her that is unclean. 
And the LORD spake unto
78,or it shall be very grievous. 
And for that the dream was doubled unto Pharaoh
60, conferred among themselves, 
Saying, What shall we do to th
63, when Moses heard that, he was content. 
And the LORD spake unt
68,
For thou art not sent to a people of a strange speech and of an har
59,bound her soul by a bond with an oath; 
And her husband hea
57,of the Gentile; 
But glory, honour, and peace, to every m
59, sea; yet the sea is not full; unto the place from whence t
69,zer, duke Dishan: these are the dukes that came of Hori, among their 
75,the fire: it is a burnt sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a sweet sav
59,thine heart, and with all thy soul. 
For this commandment w
80,kin: 
For I feared thee, because thou art an austere man: thou takest up that th
76,redeemed you out of the house of bondage, to thrust thee out of the way whic
63,ht hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the p
76,ly and latter rain. 
Be ye also patient; stablish your hearts: for the comin
59,d it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD, that t
79, dukes that came of Aholibamah the daughter of Anah, Esau's wife. 
These are th
63,ere spoken, and some believed not. 
And when they agreed not am
65,ent for him; and be thou an help to him from his enemies. 
And of
75,r his wisdom, which God had put in his heart. 
And they brought every man h
59, put them in the camel's furniture, and sat upon them. And 
60,tand up in his estate, which shall come with an army, and sh
63,n himself to the disciples: but they were all afraid of him, an
62,hey builded. 
And the children of Machir the son of Manasseh w
76,er from the error of his way shall save a soul from death, and shall hide a 
56,, yea, be strong. And when he had spoken unto me, I was 
66,Homam: and Timna was Lotan's sister. 
The sons of Shobal; Alian, a
58,us house, will I say the word, and will perform it, saith 
56,that Jesus Christ was a minister of the circumcision for
60,o the Edomites revolted from under the hand of Judah unto th
73,ke thy name great; and thou shalt be a blessing: 
And I will bless them t
56,red and said, Ye know not what ye ask. Are ye able to dr
72,ed heard say, Zimri hath conspired, and hath also slain the king: wheref
58,nto the wilderness by the way of the Red sea. 
Then ye ans
63,ke unto them; so is every one that trusteth in them. 
O Israel,
57,against the LORD: this is that king Ahaz. 
For he sacrifi
63,tirred up against Jehoram the spirit of the Philistines, and of
62,D, I will even do according to thine anger, and according to t
82, LORD God of their fathers, which he made with them when he brought them forth out
76, his land. 
The children that are begotten of them shall enter into the cong
57,ve the linen breeches upon his flesh, and shall be girded
81,ered of him. 
Notwithstanding the land shall be divided by lot: according to the 
63,said unto him, Behold, thou knowest what Saul hath done, how he
68,ck: I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance. 
An
84,here abide till ye go thence. 
And when ye come into an house, salute it. 
And if th
68,out of his nostrils, and fire out of his mouth devoured: coals were 
63,selves upon the mountains of Samaria, and behold the great tumu
77,r plant vineyard, nor have any: but all your days ye shall dwell in tents; th
81,me unto me, saying, 
Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before th
59,ing this thing also, that I will not overthrow this city, f
56,he house of Israel, or a widow that had a priest before.
61,o meet him, and cried, Hosanna: Blessed is the King of Israel
79,he mouth thereof. 
Then lifted I up mine eyes, and looked, and, behold, there c
63,iah, and Mattithiah, six, under the hands of their father Jedut
72,now that ye fail not to do this: why should damage grow to the hurt of t
57,he life of the flesh: but envy the rottenness of the bone
66, were a wall unto us both by night and day, all the while we were 
84,d toward her young one that cometh out from between her feet, and toward her childre
73,people, and by a foolish nation I will anger you. 
But Esaias is very bol
65, by thy blood out of every kindred, and tongue, and people, and n
68,ferings, and the firstlings of your herds and of your flocks: 
And t
74,ve up the ghost. 
The Jews therefore, because it was the preparation, that
73,k of me, I will give it thee, unto the half of my kingdom. 
And she went 
83,ent an executioner, and commanded his head to be brought: and he went and beheaded 
73,l be made a dunghill. 
But if ye shew the dream, and the interpretation t
65, in me all manner of concupiscence. For without the law sin was d
75,le, nor any remaining in his dwellings. 
They that come after him shall be 
74,ll times. 
Thou hast rebuked the proud that are cursed, which do err from 
66,ause they have threshed Gilead with threshing instruments of iron:
60,hose that were numbered of him. 
Notwithstanding the land sh
63,ves, the whole multitude of the disciples began to rejoice and 
62,far as Antioch. 
Who, when he came, and had seen the grace of 
81,he gods of the people which are round about you, nigh unto thee, or far off from 
74,or a servant: 
Whose feet they hurt with fetters: he was laid in iron: 
Un
57,ments which I have written; that thou mayest teach them. 
78,into the land of Gennesaret. 
And when the men of that place had knowledge of 
67,hall bring a nation against thee from far, from the end of the eart
72,own the Father. 
I have written unto you, fathers, because ye have known
61, come to pass, for the abundance of milk that they shall give
62,o repair the house of the LORD, and also such as wrought iron 
64,h he had hallowed in Jerusalem. 
And the LORD God of their fathe
60,manded to be made by the hand of Moses. 
And Moses said unto
78,ent therefore Judas and Silas, who shall also tell you the same things by mout
59, a goodly heritage. 
I will bless the LORD, who hath given 
79,de supplication. 
What profit is there in my blood, when I go down to the pit? 
70,ough the fire, thou shalt not be burned; neither shall the flame kindl
61,ies shall eat it. 
And I will set my face against you, and ye
66,d, and see if there be any sorrow like unto my sorrow, which is do
74,rbs. 
The preacher sought to find out acceptable words: and that which was
63, all cities, and outwent them, and came together unto him. 
And
83,man his rod, and they became serpents: but Aaron's rod swallowed up their rods. 
An
72,wed himself three times: and they kissed one another, and wept one with 
73,oked upon them, and, behold, they were sad. 
And he asked Pharaoh's offic
57,ith thee also will I break in pieces man and woman; and w
66,y man at the beginning doth set forth good wine; and when men have
64,he parlour, and made them sit in the chiefest place among them t
71,e land. 
We will not return unto our houses, until the children of Isra
64,lieveth not, or one unlearned, he is convinced of all, he is jud
74,his son, Gog his son, Shimei his son, 
Micah his son, Reaia his son, Baal 
81, the wilderness: and the little hills rejoice on every side. 
The pastures are cl
