1000
426,ed the people, that he should rather release Barabbas unto them. 
And Pilate answered and said again unto them, What will ye then that I shall do unto him whom ye call the King of the Jews? 
And they cried out again, Crucify him. 
Then Pilate said unto them, Why, what evil hath he done? And they cried out the more exceedingly, Crucify him. 
And so Pilate, willing to content the people, released Barabbas unto them, and deli
471,ery one that passeth among them that are numbered, from twenty years old and above, shall give an offering unto the LORD. 
The rich shall not give more, and the poor shall not give less than half a shekel, when they give an offering unto the LORD, to make an atonement for your souls. 
And thou shalt take the atonement money of the children of Israel, and shalt appoint it for the service of the tabernacle of the congregation; that it may be a memorial unto the childre
369,res. 
And the gates of the city shall be after the names of the tribes of Israel: three gates northward; one gate of Reuben, one gate of Judah, one gate of Levi. 
And at the east side four thousand and five hundred: and three gates; and one gate of Joseph, one gate of Benjamin, one gate of Dan. 
And at the south side four thousand and five hundred measures: and three
356,all die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence: but he that goeth forth to the Chaldeans shall live; for he shall have his life for a prey, and shall live. 
Thus saith the LORD, This city shall surely be given into the hand of the king of Babylon's army, which shall take it. 
Therefore the princes said unto the king, We beseech thee, let this
375,ight against the children of Ammon, and be our head over all the inhabitants of Gilead. 
And Jephthah said unto the elders of Gilead, If ye bring me home again to fight against the children of Ammon, and the LORD deliver them before me, shall I be your head? 
And the elders of Gilead said unto Jephthah, The LORD be witness between us, if we do not so according to thy words
415,mong you? come they not hence, even of your lusts that war in your members? 
Ye lust, and have not: ye kill, and desire to have, and cannot obtain: ye fight and war, yet ye have not, because ye ask not. 
Ye ask, and receive not, because ye ask amiss, that ye may consume it upon your lusts. 
Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God? whosoever therefore will b
405,ased Pharaoh well, and his servants. 
And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, Say unto thy brethren, This do ye; lade your beasts, and go, get you unto the land of Canaan; 
And take your father and your households, and come unto me: and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt, and ye shall eat the fat of the land. 
Now thou art commanded, this do ye; take you wagons out of the land of Egypt for your little
383,ing them upon the head of the goat, and shall send him away by the hand of a fit man into the wilderness: 
And the goat shall bear upon him all their iniquities unto a land not inhabited: and he shall let go the goat in the wilderness. 
And Aaron shall come into the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall put off the linen garments, which he put on when he went into the holy pla
453,erpretation. 
O thou king, the most high God gave Nebuchadnezzar thy father a kingdom, and majesty, and glory, and honour: 
And for the majesty that he gave him, all people, nations, and languages, trembled and feared before him: whom he would he slew; and whom he would he kept alive; and whom he would he set up; and whom he would he put down. 
But when his heart was lifted up, and his mind hardened in pride, he was deposed from his kingly throne, a
430,h thou gavest unto their fathers, the city which thou hast chosen, and the house which I have built for thy name: 
Then hear thou their prayer and their supplication in heaven thy dwelling place, and maintain their cause, 
And forgive thy people that have sinned against thee, and all their transgressions wherein they have transgressed against thee, and give them compassion before them who carried them captive, that they may ha
408,That day is a day of wrath, a day of trouble and distress, a day of wasteness and desolation, a day of darkness and gloominess, a day of clouds and thick darkness, 
A day of the trumpet and alarm against the fenced cities, and against the high towers. 
And I will bring distress upon men, that they shall walk like blind men, because they have sinned against the LORD: and their blood shall be poured out as 
469,haraoh's house. 
And when money failed in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, all the Egyptians came unto Joseph, and said, Give us bread: for why should we die in thy presence? for the money faileth. 
And Joseph said, Give your cattle; and I will give you for your cattle, if money fail. 
And they brought their cattle unto Joseph: and Joseph gave them bread in exchange for horses, and for the flocks, and for the cattle of the herds, and for the asses: and
395,first being by interpretation King of righteousness, and after that also King of Salem, which is, King of peace; 
Without father, without mother, without descent, having neither beginning of days, nor end of life; but made like unto the Son of God; abideth a priest continually. 
Now consider how great this man was, unto whom even the patriarch Abraham gave the tenth of the spoils. 
And verily
326, wept there. 
And he washed his face, and went out, and refrained himself, and said, Set on bread. 
And they set on for him by himself, and for them by themselves, and for the Egyptians, which did eat with him, by themselves: because the Egyptians might not eat bread with the Hebrews; for that is an abomination unto the Egyp
430,ll the Jews. 
For if thou altogether holdest thy peace at this time, then shall there enlargement and deliverance arise to the Jews from another place; but thou and thy father's house shall be destroyed: and who knoweth whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this? 
Then Esther bade them return Mordecai this answer, 
Go, gather together all the Jews that are present in Shushan, and fast ye for me, and neither e
372, the living, he shall praise thee, as I do this day: the father to the children shall make known thy truth. 
The LORD was ready to save me: therefore we will sing my songs to the stringed instruments all the days of our life in the house of the LORD. 
For Isaiah had said, Let them take a lump of figs, and lay it for a plaister upon the boil, and he shall recover. 
Hezek
381,these thy prophets, and the LORD hath spoken evil concerning thee. 
But Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah went near, and smote Micaiah on the cheek, and said, Which way went the Spirit of the LORD from me to speak unto thee? 
And Micaiah said, Behold, thou shalt see in that day, when thou shalt go into an inner chamber to hide thyself. 
And the king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and
350, tribes thereof. 
The LORD hath mingled a perverse spirit in the midst thereof: and they have caused Egypt to err in every work thereof, as a drunken man staggereth in his vomit. 
Neither shall there be any work for Egypt, which the head or tail, branch or rush, may do. 
In that day shall Egypt be like unto women: and it shall be afraid and fear be
474,f Eden to water the garden; and from thence it was parted, and became into four heads. 
The name of the first is Pison: that is it which compasseth the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold; 
And the gold of that land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx stone. 
And the name of the second river is Gihon: the same is it that compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia. 
And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that is it which goeth toward the east of Assyria. And 
438, 
Then the dukes of Edom shall be amazed; the mighty men of Moab, trembling shall take hold upon them; all the inhabitants of Canaan shall melt away. 
Fear and dread shall fall upon them; by the greatness of thine arm they shall be as still as a stone; till thy people pass over, O LORD, till the people pass over, which thou hast purchased. 
Thou shalt bring them in, and plant them in the mountain of thine inheritance, in the place, O 
447,month, in the second year of Darius the king. 
In the seventh month, in the one and twentieth day of the month, came the word of the LORD by the prophet Haggai, saying, 
Speak now to Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and to Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, and to the residue of the people, saying, 
Who is left among you that saw this house in her first glory? and how do ye see it now? is it not in your eyes in com
432,d their wives, in the wagons which Pharaoh had sent to carry him. 
And they took their cattle, and their goods, which they had gotten in the land of Canaan, and came into Egypt, Jacob, and all his seed with him: 
His sons, and his sons' sons with him, his daughters, and his sons' daughters, and all his seed brought he with him into Egypt. 
And these are the names of the children of Israel, which came into Egypt, Jacob and his so
412,in the land, and ye shall lie down, and none shall make you afraid: and I will rid evil beasts out of the land, neither shall the sword go through your land. 
And ye shall chase your enemies, and they shall fall before you by the sword. 
And five of you shall chase an hundred, and an hundred of you shall put ten thousand to flight: and your enemies shall fall before you by the sword. 
For I will have respect 
380,to his brother, What hath the LORD answered? and, What hath the LORD spoken? 
And the burden of the LORD shall ye mention no more: for every man's word shall be his burden; for ye have perverted the words of the living God, of the LORD of hosts our God. 
Thus shalt thou say to the prophet, What hath the LORD answered thee? and, What hath the LORD spoken? 
But since ye say, The 
427,seed of evildoers, children that are corrupters: they have forsaken the LORD, they have provoked the Holy One of Israel unto anger, they are gone away backward. 
Why should ye be stricken any more? ye will revolt more and more: the whole head is sick, and the whole heart faint. 
From the sole of the foot even unto the head there is no soundness in it; but wounds, and bruises, and putrifying sores: they have not been closed,
352,w Jehoshaphat had riches and honour in abundance, and joined affinity with Ahab. 
And after certain years he went down to Ahab to Samaria. And Ahab killed sheep and oxen for him in abundance, and for the people that he had with him, and persuaded him to go up with him to Ramothgilead. 
And Ahab king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat king of Judah, Wilt
381,gainst them, and shall overcome them, and kill them. 
And their dead bodies shall lie in the street of the great city, which spiritually is called Sodom and Egypt, where also our Lord was crucified. 
And they of the people and kindreds and tongues and nations shall see their dead bodies three days and an half, and shall not suffer their dead bodies to be put in graves. 
And they
452,nd his mother bare him after Absalom. 
And he conferred with Joab the son of Zeruiah, and with Abiathar the priest: and they following Adonijah helped him. 
But Zadok the priest, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and Nathan the prophet, and Shimei, and Rei, and the mighty men which belonged to David, were not with Adonijah. 
And Adonijah slew sheep and oxen and fat cattle by the stone of Zoheleth, which is by Enrogel, and called all his brethren the
404, say the truth: but now I forbear, lest any man should think of me above that which he seeth me to be, or that he heareth of me. 
And lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above measure. 
For this thing I besought the Lord thrice, that it might depart fro
423,ces of heaven? canst thou set the dominion thereof in the earth? 
Canst thou lift up thy voice to the clouds, that abundance of waters may cover thee? 
Canst thou send lightnings, that they may go and say unto thee, Here we are? 
Who hath put wisdom in the inward parts? or who hath given understanding to the heart? 
Who can number the clouds in wisdom? or who can stay the bottles of heaven, 
When the dust groweth into h
468,. 
Then ye answered and said unto me, We have sinned against the LORD, we will go up and fight, according to all that the LORD our God commanded us. And when ye had girded on every man his weapons of war, ye were ready to go up into the hill. 
And the LORD said unto me, Say unto them. Go not up, neither fight; for I am not among you; lest ye be smitten before your enemies. 
So I spake unto you; and ye would not hear, but rebelled against the commandment of the LOR
449,ver and an antichrist. 
Look to yourselves, that we lose not those things which we have wrought, but that we receive a full reward. 
Whosoever transgresseth, and abideth not in the doctrine of Christ, hath not God. He that abideth in the doctrine of Christ, he hath both the Father and the Son. 
If there come any unto you, and bring not this doctrine, receive him not into your house, neither bid him God speed: 
For he that biddeth him God speed i
437, nobles, and the rulers, and said unto them, Ye exact usury, every one of his brother. And I set a great assembly against them. 
And I said unto them, We after our ability have redeemed our brethren the Jews, which were sold unto the heathen; and will ye even sell your brethren? or shall they be sold unto us? Then held they their peace, and found nothing to answer. 
Also I said, It is not good that ye do: ought ye not to walk in the 
398,ay. 
Now the Lord is that Spirit: and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. 
But we all, with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord, are changed into the same image from glory to glory, even as by the Spirit of the Lord. 
Therefore seeing we have this ministry, as we have received mercy, we faint not; 
But have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty, not walking
465,lech, neither shalt thou profane the name of thy God: I am the LORD. 
Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination. 
Neither shalt thou lie with any beast to defile thyself therewith: neither shall any woman stand before a beast to lie down thereto: it is confusion. 
Defile not ye yourselves in any of these things: for in all these the nations are defiled which I cast out before you: 
And the land is defiled: therefore I do visit the in
397, unleavened bread, and in the feast of weeks, and in the feast of tabernacles. 
And he appointed, according to the order of David his father, the courses of the priests to their service, and the Levites to their charges, to praise and minister before the priests, as the duty of every day required: the porters also by their courses at every gate: for so had David the man of God commanded. 
And t
448,e son of Nimshi, whom the LORD had anointed to cut off the house of Ahab. 
And it came to pass, that, when Jehu was executing judgment upon the house of Ahab, and found the princes of Judah, and the sons of the brethren of Ahaziah, that ministered to Ahaziah, he slew them. 
And he sought Ahaziah: and they caught him, (for he was hid in Samaria,) and brought him to Jehu: and when they had slain him, they buried him: Because, said they, he is the
361,re the sons of the Levites after the house of their fathers. 
These likewise cast lots over against their brethren the sons of Aaron in the presence of David the king, and Zadok, and Ahimelech, and the chief of the fathers of the priests and Levites, even the principal fathers over against their younger brethren. 
Moreover David and the captains of the host s
443,inst such there is no law. 
And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts. 
If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit. 
Let us not be desirous of vain glory, provoking one another, envying one another. 
Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore such an one in the spirit of meekness; considering thyself, lest thou also be tempted. 
Bear ye one another's bur
323,shom; for he said, I have been an alien in a strange land: 
And the name of the other was Eliezer; for the God of my father, said he, was mine help, and delivered me from the sword of Pharaoh: 
And Jethro, Moses' father in law, came with his sons and his wife unto Moses into the wilderness, where he encamped at the mount 
391,n's sons, saying, Jacob hath taken away all that was our father's; and of that which was our father's hath he gotten all this glory. 
And Jacob beheld the countenance of Laban, and, behold, it was not toward him as before. 
And the LORD said unto Jacob, Return unto the land of thy fathers, and to thy kindred; and I will be with thee. 
And Jacob sent and called Rachel and Leah to the field
423,ith them, and warmed himself. 
The high priest then asked Jesus of his disciples, and of his doctrine. 
Jesus answered him, I spake openly to the world; I ever taught in the synagogue, and in the temple, whither the Jews always resort; and in secret have I said nothing. 
Why askest thou me? ask them which heard me, what I have said unto them: behold, they know what I said. 
And when he had thus spoken, one of the office
456,avy upon them of Ashdod, and he destroyed them, and smote them with emerods, even Ashdod and the coasts thereof. 
And when the men of Ashdod saw that it was so, they said, The ark of the God of Israel shall not abide with us: for his hand is sore upon us, and upon Dagon our god. 
They sent therefore and gathered all the lords of the Philistines unto them, and said, What shall we do with the ark of the God of Israel? And they answered, Let the ark of th
347,m the utter court. 
The chambers were in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east, over against the separate place, and over against the building. 
And the way before them was like the appearance of the chambers which were toward the north, as long as they, and as broad as they: and all their goings out were both according to their
412,heart: and all the increase of thine house shall die in the flower of their age. 
And this shall be a sign unto thee, that shall come upon thy two sons, on Hophni and Phinehas; in one day they shall die both of them. 
And I will raise me up a faithful priest, that shall do according to that which is in mine heart and in my mind: and I will build him a sure house; and he shall walk before mine anointed for eve
452,him, How knowest thou that Saul and Jonathan his son be dead? 
And the young man that told him said, As I happened by chance upon mount Gilboa, behold, Saul leaned upon his spear; and, lo, the chariots and horsemen followed hard after him. 
And when he looked behind him, he saw me, and called unto me. And I answered, Here am I. 
And he said unto me, Who art thou? And I answered him, I am an Amalekite. 
He said unto me again, Stand, I pray thee, upo
324,of his own body, but the wife. 
Defraud ye not one the other, except it be with consent for a time, that ye may give yourselves to fasting and prayer; and come together again, that Satan tempt you not for your incontinency. 
But I speak this by permission, and not of commandment. 
For I would that all men were even as I my
327,
Wherefore, brethren, covet to prophesy, and forbid not to speak with tongues. 
Let all things be done decently and in order. 
Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; 
By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto y
339, in his ways despiseth him. 
In the mouth of the foolish is a rod of pride: but the lips of the wise shall preserve them. 
Where no oxen are, the crib is clean: but much increase is by the strength of the ox. 
A faithful witness will not lie: but a false witness will utter lies. 
A scorner seeketh wisdom, and findeth it not: but knowledg
430,g: 
One spoon of gold of ten shekels, full of incense: 
One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering: 
One kid of the goats for a sin offering: 
And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Nethaneel the son of Zuar. 
On the third day Eliab the son of Helon, prince of the children of Zebulun, did offer: 
His of
441,thrimmon with her suburbs; four cities. 
And out of the half tribe of Manasseh, Tanach with her suburbs, and Gathrimmon with her suburbs; two cities. 
All the cities were ten with their suburbs for the families of the children of Kohath that remained. 
And unto the children of Gershon, of the families of the Levites, out of the other half tribe of Manasseh they gave Golan in Bashan with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer;
354,So Joshua came, and all the people of war with him, against them by the waters of Merom suddenly; and they fell upon them. 
And the LORD delivered them into the hand of Israel, who smote them, and chased them unto great Zidon, and unto Misrephothmaim, and unto the valley of Mizpeh eastward; and they smote them, until they left them none remaining. 
And
454,nd the king and his throne be guiltless. 
And the king said, Whoever saith ought unto thee, bring him to me, and he shall not touch thee any more. 
Then said she, I pray thee, let the king remember the LORD thy God, that thou wouldest not suffer the revengers of blood to destroy any more, lest they destroy my son. And he said, As the LORD liveth, there shall not one hair of thy son fall to the earth. 
Then the woman said, Let thine handmaid, I pray t
346,Mine enemies would daily swallow me up: for they be many that fight against me, O thou most High. 
What time I am afraid, I will trust in thee. 
In God I will praise his word, in God I have put my trust; I will not fear what flesh can do unto me. 
Every day they wrest my words: all their thoughts are against me for evil. 
They gather themselves
416,nst my lord the king. 
And the king said, Is the young man Absalom safe? And Ahimaaz answered, When Joab sent the king's servant, and me thy servant, I saw a great tumult, but I knew not what it was. 
And the king said unto him, Turn aside, and stand here. And he turned aside, and stood still. 
And, behold, Cushi came; and Cushi said, Tidings, my lord the king: for the LORD hath avenged thee this day of all them 
324,irits went out, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the sea, (they were about two thousand;) and were choked in the sea. 
And they that fed the swine fled, and told it in the city, and in the country. And they went out to see what it was that was done. 
And they come to Jesus, and
465,r seven days, and the feast seven days. 
And on the three and twentieth day of the seventh month he sent the people away into their tents, glad and merry in heart for the goodness that the LORD had shewed unto David, and to Solomon, and to Israel his people. 
Thus Solomon finished the house of the LORD, and the king's house: and all that came into Solomon's heart to make in the house of the LORD, and in his own house, he prosperously effected. 
And the LORD app
378, the land of Egypt. 
And when Aaron saw it, he built an altar before it; and Aaron made proclamation, and said, To morrow is a feast to the LORD. 
And they rose up early on the morrow, and offered burnt offerings, and brought peace offerings; and the people sat down to eat and to drink, and rose up to play. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Go, get thee down; for thy people, whi
421,es, over which no man hath lift up any iron: and they offered thereon burnt offerings unto the LORD, and sacrificed peace offerings. 
And he wrote there upon the stones a copy of the law of Moses, which he wrote in the presence of the children of Israel. 
And all Israel, and their elders, and officers, and their judges, stood on this side the ark and on that side before the priests the Levites, which bare the ark of t
378, shall abide with him of his labour the days of his life, which God giveth him under the sun. 
When I applied mine heart to know wisdom, and to see the business that is done upon the earth: (for also there is that neither day nor night seeth sleep with his eyes:) 
Then I beheld all the work of God, that a man cannot find out the work that is done under the sun: because though
374,s: but he will call to remembrance the iniquity, that they may be taken. 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye have made your iniquity to be remembered, in that your transgressions are discovered, so that in all your doings your sins do appear; because, I say, that ye are come to remembrance, ye shall be taken with the hand. 
And thou, profane wicked prince of Is
432,d aside, and sat down. 
And he took ten men of the elders of the city, and said, Sit ye down here. And they sat down. 
And he said unto the kinsman, Naomi, that is come again out of the country of Moab, selleth a parcel of land, which was our brother Elimelech's: 
And I thought to advertise thee, saying, Buy it before the inhabitants, and before the elders of my people. If thou wilt redeem it, redeem it: but if thou wilt not red
369, was the son of Naum, which was the son of Esli, which was the son of Nagge, 
Which was the son of Maath, which was the son of Mattathias, which was the son of Semei, which was the son of Joseph, which was the son of Juda, 
Which was the son of Joanna, which was the son of Rhesa, which was the son of Zorobabel, which was the son of Salathiel, which was the son of Ner
418,y stones and thy timber and thy dust in the midst of the water. 
And I will cause the noise of thy songs to cease; and the sound of thy harps shall be no more heard. 
And I will make thee like the top of a rock: thou shalt be a place to spread nets upon; thou shalt be built no more: for I the LORD have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD to Tyrus; Shall not the isles shake at the sound of thy fa
404,ace of the sky; but can ye not discern the signs of the times? 
A wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given unto it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. And he left them, and departed. 
And when his disciples were come to the other side, they had forgotten to take bread. 
Then Jesus said unto them, Take heed and beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of 
432,ah, the son of Amaziah, 
And Joel, and Jehu the son of Josibiah, the son of Seraiah, the son of Asiel, 
And Elioenai, and Jaakobah, and Jeshohaiah, and Asaiah, and Adiel, and Jesimiel, and Benaiah, 
And Ziza the son of Shiphi, the son of Allon, the son of Jedaiah, the son of Shimri, the son of Shemaiah; 
These mentioned by their names were princes in their families: and the house of their fathers increased greatly. 
And they wen
473,d his brethren, and all that went up with him to bury his father, after he had buried his father. 
And when Joseph's brethren saw that their father was dead, they said, Joseph will peradventure hate us, and will certainly requite us all the evil which we did unto him. 
And they sent a messenger unto Joseph, saying, Thy father did command before he died, saying, 
So shall ye say unto Joseph, Forgive, I pray thee now, the trespass of thy brethren, and their sin; for they
371,the priest go about into a land that they know not. 
Hast thou utterly rejected Judah? hath thy soul lothed Zion? why hast thou smitten us, and there is no healing for us? we looked for peace, and there is no good; and for the time of healing, and behold trouble! 
We acknowledge, O LORD, our wickedness, and the iniquity of our fathers: for we have sinned against thee. 
420, LORD. 
The LORD shall bless thee out of Zion: and thou shalt see the good of Jerusalem all the days of thy life. 
Yea, thou shalt see thy children's children, and peace upon Israel. 
Many a time have they afflicted me from my youth, may Israel now say: 
Many a time have they afflicted me from my youth: yet they have not prevailed against me. 
The plowers plowed upon my back: they made long their furrows. 
The LORD i
422,ce of lamps: it went up and down among the living creatures; and the fire was bright, and out of the fire went forth lightning. 
And the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning. 
Now as I beheld the living creatures, behold one wheel upon the earth by the living creatures, with his four faces. 
The appearance of the wheels and their work was like unto the colour of a beryl: and they 
346,ations, he that is born in the house, or bought with money of any stranger, which is not of thy seed. 
He that is born in thy house, and he that is bought with thy money, must needs be circumcised: and my covenant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant. 
And the uncircumcised man child whose flesh of his foreskin is not circumcised,
442,ts, and the glorious majesty of his kingdom. 
Thy kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and thy dominion endureth throughout all generations. 
The LORD upholdeth all that fall, and raiseth up all those that be bowed down. 
The eyes of all wait upon thee; and thou givest them their meat in due season. 
Thou openest thine hand, and satisfiest the desire of every living thing. 
The LORD is righteous in all his ways, and holy in all his works. 

453,ass on the twentieth day of the second month, in the second year, that the cloud was taken up from off the tabernacle of the testimony. 
And the children of Israel took their journeys out of the wilderness of Sinai; and the cloud rested in the wilderness of Paran. 
And they first took their journey according to the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses. 
In the first place went the standard of the camp of the children of Judah according to th
369,which shall march through the breadth of the land, to possess the dwellingplaces that are not their's. 
They are terrible and dreadful: their judgment and their dignity shall proceed of themselves. 
Their horses also are swifter than the leopards, and are more fierce than the evening wolves: and their horsemen shall spread themselves, and their horsemen shall come fr
464,i, the son of Gedaliah, the son of Amariah, the son of Hizkiah, in the days of Josiah the son of Amon, king of Judah. 
I will utterly consume all things from off the land, saith the LORD. 
I will consume man and beast; I will consume the fowls of the heaven, and the fishes of the sea, and the stumbling blocks with the wicked: and I will cut off man from off the land, saith the LORD. 
I will also stretch out mine hand upon Judah, and upon all the inhabitants of
426,That I might make thee know the certainty of the words of truth; that thou mightest answer the words of truth to them that send unto thee? 
Rob not the poor, because he is poor: neither oppress the afflicted in the gate: 
For the LORD will plead their cause, and spoil the soul of those that spoiled them. 
Make no friendship with an angry man; and with a furious man thou shalt not go: 
Lest thou learn his ways, and get a sn
376,s are afraid at thy tokens: thou makest the outgoings of the morning and evening to rejoice. 
Thou visitest the earth, and waterest it: thou greatly enrichest it with the river of God, which is full of water: thou preparest them corn, when thou hast so provided for it. 
Thou waterest the ridges thereof abundantly: thou settlest the furrows thereof: thou makest it soft with 
335,aphat the king of Judah returned to his house in peace to Jerusalem. 
And Jehu the son of Hanani the seer went out to meet him, and said to king Jehoshaphat, Shouldest thou help the ungodly, and love them that hate the LORD? therefore is wrath upon thee from before the LORD. 
Nevertheless there are good things found in thee, in that 
416,tieth year of our captivity, in the beginning of the year, in the tenth day of the month, in the fourteenth year after that the city was smitten, in the selfsame day the hand of the LORD was upon me, and brought me thither. 
In the visions of God brought he me into the land of Israel, and set me upon a very high mountain, by which was as the frame of a city on the south. 
And he brought me thither, and, behold, t
333,proved. 
So Abraham prayed unto God: and God healed Abimelech, and his wife, and his maidservants; and they bare children. 
For the LORD had fast closed up all the wombs of the house of Abimelech, because of Sarah Abraham's wife. 
And the LORD visited Sarah as he had said, and the LORD did unto Sarah as he had spoken. 
For Sarah co
400,o he made it again another vessel, as seemed good to the potter to make it. 
Then the word of the LORD came to me, saying, 
O house of Israel, cannot I do with you as this potter? saith the LORD. Behold, as the clay is in the potter's hand, so are ye in mine hand, O house of Israel. 
At what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, and concerning a kingdom, to pluck up, and to pull down, and to 
464,: bloody and deceitful men shall not live out half their days; but I will trust in thee. 
Be merciful unto me, O God: for man would swallow me up; he fighting daily oppresseth me. 
Mine enemies would daily swallow me up: for they be many that fight against me, O thou most High. 
What time I am afraid, I will trust in thee. 
In God I will praise his word, in God I have put my trust; I will not fear what flesh can do unto me. 
Every day they wrest my words: all 
470,that he might put them in array against the children of Ammon. 
And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of Ammon be too strong for thee, then I will come and help thee. 
Be of good courage, and let us play the men for our people, and for the cities of our God: and the LORD do that which seemeth him good. 
And Joab drew nigh, and the people that were with him, unto the battle against the Syrians: and they fled be
399,avid put garrisons in Syriadamascus; and the Syrians became David's servants, and brought gifts. Thus the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went. 
And David took the shields of gold that were on the servants of Hadarezer, and brought them to Jerusalem. 
Likewise from Tibhath, and from Chun, cities of Hadarezer, brought David very much brass, wherewith Solomon made the brasen sea, and the pill
352,ea, so have I strived to preach the gospel, not where Christ was named, lest I should build upon another man's foundation: 
But as it is written, To whom he was not spoken of, they shall see: and they that have not heard shall understand. 
For which cause also I have been much hindered from coming to you. 
But now having no more place in these parts,
324,e life, and see good days, let him refrain his tongue from evil, and his lips that they speak no guile: 
Let him eschew evil, and do good; let him seek peace, and ensue it. 
For the eyes of the Lord are over the righteous, and his ears are open unto their prayers: but the face of the Lord is against them that do evil. 
And
326,God, I cried unto thee, and thou hast healed me. 
O LORD, thou hast brought up my soul from the grave: thou hast kept me alive, that I should not go down to the pit. 
Sing unto the LORD, O ye saints of his, and give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness. 
For his anger endureth but a moment; in his favour is life: weepin
348,name of God Almighty, but by my name JEHOVAH was I not known to them. 
And I have also established my covenant with them, to give them the land of Canaan, the land of their pilgrimage, wherein they were strangers. 
And I have also heard the groaning of the children of Israel, whom the Egyptians keep in bondage; and I have remembered my covenant. 
345, Naum, which was the son of Esli, which was the son of Nagge, 
Which was the son of Maath, which was the son of Mattathias, which was the son of Semei, which was the son of Joseph, which was the son of Juda, 
Which was the son of Joanna, which was the son of Rhesa, which was the son of Zorobabel, which was the son of Salathiel, which was the s
372,end the lad with me, and we will arise and go; that we may live, and not die, both we, and thou, and also our little ones. 
I will be surety for him; of my hand shalt thou require him: if I bring him not unto thee, and set him before thee, then let me bear the blame for ever: 
For except we had lingered, surely now we had returned this second time. 
And their father Isr
424,ith doors, when it brake forth, as if it had issued out of the womb? 
When I made the cloud the garment thereof, and thick darkness a swaddlingband for it, 
And brake up for it my decreed place, and set bars and doors, 
And said, Hitherto shalt thou come, but no further: and here shall thy proud waves be stayed? 
Hast thou commanded the morning since thy days; and caused the dayspring to know his place; 
That it might ta
447,n of Judah, and of the children of Benjamin, and of the children of Ephraim, and Manasseh; 
Uthai the son of Ammihud, the son of Omri, the son of Imri, the son of Bani, of the children of Pharez the son of Judah. 
And of the Shilonites; Asaiah the firstborn, and his sons. 
And of the sons of Zerah; Jeuel, and their brethren, six hundred and ninety. 
And of the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Hodaviah, the son of Hasenu
455,refore I was left alone, and saw this great vision, and there remained no strength in me: for my comeliness was turned in me into corruption, and I retained no strength. 
Yet heard I the voice of his words: and when I heard the voice of his words, then was I in a deep sleep on my face, and my face toward the ground. 
And, behold, an hand touched me, which set me upon my knees and upon the palms of my hands. 
And he said unto me, O Daniel, a man greatl
343,emoan them: for I have taken away my peace from this people, saith the LORD, even lovingkindness and mercies. 
Both the great and the small shall die in this land: they shall not be buried, neither shall men lament for them, nor cut themselves, nor make themselves bald for them: 
Neither shall men tear themselves for them in mourning, to com
334,place which the LORD shall choose in one of thy tribes, there thou shalt offer thy burnt offerings, and there thou shalt do all that I command thee. 
Notwithstanding thou mayest kill and eat flesh in all thy gates, whatsoever thy soul lusteth after, according to the blessing of the LORD thy God which he hath given thee: the unclean 
329,m, so that they fled out of that house naked and wounded. 
And this was known to all the Jews and Greeks also dwelling at Ephesus; and fear fell on them all, and the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified. 
And many that believed came, and confessed, and shewed their deeds. 
Many of them also which used curious arts brought their
400,undance without weight; 
Also cedar trees in abundance: for the Zidonians and they of Tyre brought much cedar wood to David. 
And David said, Solomon my son is young and tender, and the house that is to be builded for the LORD must be exceeding magnifical, of fame and of glory throughout all countries: I will therefore now make preparation for it. So David prepared abundantly before his death. 
Th
327,reth, and doeth not, is like a man that without a foundation built an house upon the earth; against which the stream did beat vehemently, and immediately it fell; and the ruin of that house was great. 
Now when he had ended all his sayings in the audience of the people, he entered into Capernaum. 
And a certain centurion's se
468,in mount Ebal, and thou shalt plaister them with plaister. 
And there shalt thou build an altar unto the LORD thy God, an altar of stones: thou shalt not lift up any iron tool upon them. 
Thou shalt build the altar of the LORD thy God of whole stones: and thou shalt offer burnt offerings thereon unto the LORD thy God: 
And thou shalt offer peace offerings, and shalt eat there, and rejoice before the LORD thy God. 
And thou shalt write upon the stones all the words
358, beside these three: 
That innocent blood be not shed in thy land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance, and so blood be upon thee. 
But if any man hate his neighbour, and lie in wait for him, and rise up against him, and smite him mortally that he die, and fleeth into one of these cities: 
Then the elders of his city shall send and fetch 
466,hat chooseth you. 
I have raised up one from the north, and he shall come: from the rising of the sun shall he call upon my name: and he shall come upon princes as upon morter, and as the potter treadeth clay. 
Who hath declared from the beginning, that we may know? and beforetime, that we may say, He is righteous? yea, there is none that sheweth, yea, there is none that declareth, yea, there is none that heareth your words. 
The first shall say to Zion, Behold,
477,h is in Jerusalem: 
That thou mayest buy speedily with this money bullocks, rams, lambs, with their meat offerings and their drink offerings, and offer them upon the altar of the house of your God which is in Jerusalem. 
And whatsoever shall seem good to thee, and to thy brethren, to do with the rest of the silver and the gold, that do after the will of your God. 
The vessels also that are given thee for the service of the house of thy God, those deliver thou before the Go
368,d these are they that conspired against him; Zabad the son of Shimeath an Ammonitess, and Jehozabad the son of Shimrith a Moabitess. 
Now concerning his sons, and the greatness of the burdens laid upon him, and the repairing of the house of God, behold, they are written in the story of the book of the kings. And Amaziah his son reigned in his stead. 
Amaziah was twe
452,apart; the family of the house of David apart, and their wives apart; the family of the house of Nathan apart, and their wives apart; 
The family of the house of Levi apart, and their wives apart; the family of Shimei apart, and their wives apart; 
All the families that remain, every family apart, and their wives apart. 
In that day there shall be a fountain opened to the house of David and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem for sin and for uncleannes
341,im a sure house; and he shall walk before mine anointed for ever. 
And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left in thine house shall come and crouch to him for a piece of silver and a morsel of bread, and shall say, Put me, I pray thee, into one of the priests' offices, that I may eat a piece of bread. 
And the child Samuel minis
322,rdinance for ever in your generations: as ye are, so shall the stranger be before the LORD. 
One law and one manner shall be for you, and for the stranger that sojourneth with you. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye come into the land whither I bring you
421, vale for abundance. 
And Solomon had horses brought out of Egypt, and linen yarn: the king's merchants received the linen yarn at a price. 
And they fetched up, and brought forth out of Egypt a chariot for six hundred shekels of silver, and an horse for an hundred and fifty: and so brought they out horses for all the kings of the Hittites, and for the kings of Syria, by their means. 
And Solomon determined to build a
363,d, behold, it is large enough for them; let us take their daughters to us for wives, and let us give them our daughters. 
Only herein will the men consent unto us for to dwell with us, to be one people, if every male among us be circumcised, as they are circumcised. 
Shall not their cattle and their substance and every beast of their's be our's? only let us con
470, shut up, and none shall open them: Judah shall be carried away captive all of it, it shall be wholly carried away captive. 
Lift up your eyes, and behold them that come from the north: where is the flock that was given thee, thy beautiful flock? 
What wilt thou say when he shall punish thee? for thou hast taught them to be captains, and as chief over thee: shall not sorrows take thee, as a woman in travail? 
And if thou say in thine heart, Wherefore come these thin
384, testimonies. 
I made haste, and delayed not to keep thy commandments. 
The bands of the wicked have robbed me: but I have not forgotten thy law. 
At midnight I will rise to give thanks unto thee because of thy righteous judgments. 
I am a companion of all them that fear thee, and of them that keep thy precepts. 
The earth, O LORD, is full of thy mercy: teach me thy statutes. 
Thou
463,hath given him flocks, and herds, and silver, and gold, and menservants, and maidservants, and camels, and asses. 
And Sarah my master's wife bare a son to my master when she was old: and unto him hath he given all that he hath. 
And my master made me swear, saying, Thou shalt not take a wife to my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, in whose land I dwell: 
But thou shalt go unto my father's house, and to my kindred, and take a wife unto my son. 
And I sa
459,ael shall be a proverb and a byword among all people: 
And at this house, which is high, every one that passeth by it shall be astonished, and shall hiss; and they shall say, Why hath the LORD done thus unto this land, and to this house? 
And they shall answer, Because they forsook the LORD their God, who brought forth their fathers out of the land of Egypt, and have taken hold upon other gods, and have worshipped them, and served them: therefore hath the
346, and ground it in mills, or beat it in a mortar, and baked it in pans, and made cakes of it: and the taste of it was as the taste of fresh oil. 
And when the dew fell upon the camp in the night, the manna fell upon it. 
Then Moses heard the people weep throughout their families, every man in the door of his tent: and the anger of the LORD was k
452,. 
And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are: for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward. 
But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly. 
But when ye pray, use not vain rep
471,l, and Azariah, his companions: 
That they would desire mercies of the God of heaven concerning this secret; that Daniel and his fellows should not perish with the rest of the wise men of Babylon. 
Then was the secret revealed unto Daniel in a night vision. Then Daniel blessed the God of heaven. 
Daniel answered and said, Blessed be the name of God for ever and ever: for wisdom and might are his: 
And he changeth the times and the seasons: he removeth kings, and sett
392, burnt offerings and sacrifices. 
And when Jesus saw that he answered discreetly, he said unto him, Thou art not far from the kingdom of God. And no man after that durst ask him any question. 
And Jesus answered and said, while he taught in the temple, How say the scribes that Christ is the son of David? 
For David himself said by the Holy Ghost, The LORD said to my Lord, Sit thou on my ri
411,he hairs of mine head: they that would destroy me, being mine enemies wrongfully, are mighty: then I restored that which I took not away. 
O God, thou knowest my foolishness; and my sins are not hid from thee. 
Let not them that wait on thee, O Lord GOD of hosts, be ashamed for my sake: let not those that seek thee be confounded for my sake, O God of Israel. 
Because for thy sake I have borne reproach; shame
327,of the governor on this side the river. 
Next unto him repaired Uzziel the son of Harhaiah, of the goldsmiths. Next unto him also repaired Hananiah the son of one of the apothecaries, and they fortified Jerusalem unto the broad wall. 
And next unto them repaired Rephaiah the son of Hur, the ruler of the half part of Jerusalem
372,d Israel said, Wherefore dealt ye so ill with me, as to tell the man whether ye had yet a brother? 
And they said, The man asked us straitly of our state, and of our kindred, saying, Is your father yet alive? have ye another brother? and we told him according to the tenor of these words: could we certainly know that he would say, Bring your brother down? 
And Judah said
453,ens, the work of thy fingers, the moon and the stars, which thou hast ordained; 
What is man, that thou art mindful of him? and the son of man, that thou visitest him? 
For thou hast made him a little lower than the angels, and hast crowned him with glory and honour. 
Thou madest him to have dominion over the works of thy hands; thou hast put all things under his feet: 
All sheep and oxen, yea, and the beasts of the field; 
The fowl of the air, and 
362,ut Baal's prophets are four hundred and fifty men. 
Let them therefore give us two bullocks; and let them choose one bullock for themselves, and cut it in pieces, and lay it on wood, and put no fire under: and I will dress the other bullock, and lay it on wood, and put no fire under: 
And call ye on the name of your gods, and I will call on the name of the LOR
397, him through when he prophesieth. 
And it shall come to pass in that day, that the prophets shall be ashamed every one of his vision, when he hath prophesied; neither shall they wear a rough garment to deceive: 
But he shall say, I am no prophet, I am an husbandman; for man taught me to keep cattle from my youth. 
And one shall say unto him, What are these wounds in thine hands? Then he shall a
463, against the persecutors. 
Behold, he travaileth with iniquity, and hath conceived mischief, and brought forth falsehood. 
He made a pit, and digged it, and is fallen into the ditch which he made. 
His mischief shall return upon his own head, and his violent dealing shall come down upon his own pate. 
I will praise the LORD according to his righteousness: and will sing praise to the name of the LORD most high. 
O LORD, our Lord, how excellent is thy name in a
417,hich ye said should be a prey, and your children, which in that day had no knowledge between good and evil, they shall go in thither, and unto them will I give it, and they shall possess it. 
But as for you, turn you, and take your journey into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea. 
Then ye answered and said unto me, We have sinned against the LORD, we will go up and fight, according to all that the LORD our G
385,from me vanity and lies: give me neither poverty nor riches; feed me with food convenient for me: 
Lest I be full, and deny thee, and say, Who is the LORD? or lest I be poor, and steal, and take the name of my God in vain. 
Accuse not a servant unto his master, lest he curse thee, and thou be found guilty. 
There is a generation that curseth their father, and doth not bless their mo
375,rve him, and to love the name of the LORD, to be his servants, every one that keepeth the sabbath from polluting it, and taketh hold of my covenant; 
Even them will I bring to my holy mountain, and make them joyful in my house of prayer: their burnt offerings and their sacrifices shall be accepted upon mine altar; for mine house shall be called an house of prayer for all p
474,ich is appointed you. 
And the soldiers likewise demanded of him, saying, And what shall we do? And he said unto them, Do violence to no man, neither accuse any falsely; and be content with your wages. 
And as the people were in expectation, and all men mused in their hearts of John, whether he were the Christ, or not; 
John answered, saying unto them all, I indeed baptize you with water; but one mightier than I cometh, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to unlo
470,ng was much moved, and went up to the chamber over the gate, and wept: and as he went, thus he said, O my son Absalom, my son, my son Absalom! would God I had died for thee, O Absalom, my son, my son! 
And it was told Joab, Behold, the king weepeth and mourneth for Absalom. 
And the victory that day was turned into mourning unto all the people: for the people heard say that day how the king was grieved for his son. 
And the people gat them by stealth that day into t
378,, and the land of the king of Heshbon, and the land of Og king of Bashan. 
Their children also multipliedst thou as the stars of heaven, and broughtest them into the land, concerning which thou hadst promised to their fathers, that they should go in to possess it. 
So the children went in and possessed the land, and thou subduedst before them the inhabitants of the land, the 
392,mbs which thou hast set by themselves? 
And he said, For these seven ewe lambs shalt thou take of my hand, that they may be a witness unto me, that I have digged this well. 
Wherefore he called that place Beersheba; because there they sware both of them. 
Thus they made a covenant at Beersheba: then Abimelech rose up, and Phichol the chief captain of his host, and they returned into the la
369,o burn before him sweet incense, and for the continual shewbread, and for the burnt offerings morning and evening, on the sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the solemn feasts of the LORD our God. This is an ordinance for ever to Israel. 
And the house which I build is great: for great is our God above all gods. 
But who is able to build him an house, seeing the h
384,eave shoulder: and after that the Nazarite may drink wine. 
This is the law of the Nazarite who hath vowed, and of his offering unto the LORD for his separation, beside that that his hand shall get: according to the vow which he vowed, so he must do after the law of his separation. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto Aaron and unto his sons, saying, On this wise ye 
452,fore they shall be your judges. 
But if I cast out devils by the Spirit of God, then the kingdom of God is come unto you. 
Or else how can one enter into a strong man's house, and spoil his goods, except he first bind the strong man? and then he will spoil his house. 
He that is not with me is against me; and he that gathereth not with me scattereth abroad. 
Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but t
479, round about us. 
Thou makest us a byword among the heathen, a shaking of the head among the people. 
My confusion is continually before me, and the shame of my face hath covered me, 
For the voice of him that reproacheth and blasphemeth; by reason of the enemy and avenger. 
All this is come upon us; yet have we not forgotten thee, neither have we dealt falsely in thy covenant. 
Our heart is not turned back, neither have our steps declined from thy way; 
Though thou hast sor
410,s sin, and it shall be forgiven him. 
And if any one of the common people sin through ignorance, while he doeth somewhat against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which ought not to be done, and be guilty; 
Or if his sin, which he hath sinned, come to his knowledge: then he shall bring his offering, a kid of the goats, a female without blemish, for his sin which he hath sinned. 
And he s
456,five kings unto him out of the cave, the king of Jerusalem, the king of Hebron, the king of Jarmuth, the king of Lachish, and the king of Eglon. 
And it came to pass, when they brought out those kings unto Joshua, that Joshua called for all the men of Israel, and said unto the captains of the men of war which went with him, Come near, put your feet upon the necks of these kings. And they came near, and put their feet upon the necks of them. 
And Joshua
344, our craft is in danger to be set at nought; but also that the temple of the great goddess Diana should be despised, and her magnificence should be destroyed, whom all Asia and the world worshippeth. 
And when they heard these sayings, they were full of wrath, and cried out, saying, Great is Diana of the Ephesians. 
And the whole city was fil
474,ants of the LORD, praise the name of the LORD. 
Blessed be the name of the LORD from this time forth and for evermore. 
From the rising of the sun unto the going down of the same the LORD's name is to be praised. 
The LORD is high above all nations, and his glory above the heavens. 
Who is like unto the LORD our God, who dwelleth on high, 
Who humbleth himself to behold the things that are in heaven, and in the earth! 
He raiseth up the poor out of the dust, and lifteth
411,hat man was born in her: and the highest himself shall establish her. 
The LORD shall count, when he writeth up the people, that this man was born there. Selah. 
As well the singers as the players on instruments shall be there: all my springs are in thee. 
O lord God of my salvation, I have cried day and night before thee: 
Let my prayer come before thee: incline thine ear unto my cry; 
For my soul is full o
378,immediately the spirit driveth him into the wilderness. 
And he was there in the wilderness forty days, tempted of Satan; and was with the wild beasts; and the angels ministered unto him. 
Now after that John was put in prison, Jesus came into Galilee, preaching the gospel of the kingdom of God, 
And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye,
329,hey shall not be taken from it. 
And thou shalt put into the ark the testimony which I shall give thee. 
And thou shalt make a mercy seat of pure gold: two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof. 
And thou shalt make two cherubims of gold, of beaten work shalt thou make them, i
403,ve for the wrong which he hath done: and there is no respect of persons. 
Masters, give unto your servants that which is just and equal; knowing that ye also have a Master in heaven. 
Continue in prayer, and watch in the same with thanksgiving; 
Withal praying also for us, that God would open unto us a door of utterance, to speak the mystery of Christ, for which I am also in bonds: 
That I may make i
386, son of man? turn thee yet again, and thou shalt see greater abominations than these. 
And he brought me into the inner court of the LORD's house, and, behold, at the door of the temple of the LORD, between the porch and the altar, were about five and twenty men, with their backs toward the temple of the LORD, and their faces toward the east; and they worshipped the sun toward the ea
422,e light of the moon shall be as the light of the sun, and the light of the sun shall be sevenfold, as the light of seven days, in the day that the LORD bindeth up the breach of his people, and healeth the stroke of their wound. 
Behold, the name of the LORD cometh from far, burning with his anger, and the burden thereof is heavy: his lips are full of indignation, and his tongue as a devouring fire: 
And his breath, as 
432,y emptied their sacks, that, behold, every man's bundle of money was in his sack: and when both they and their father saw the bundles of money, they were afraid. 
And Jacob their father said unto them, Me have ye bereaved of my children: Joseph is not, and Simeon is not, and ye will take Benjamin away: all these things are against me. 
And Reuben spake unto his father, saying, Slay my two sons, if I bring him not to thee: delive
372,e skies pour down righteousness: let the earth open, and let them bring forth salvation, and let righteousness spring up together; I the LORD have created it. 
Woe unto him that striveth with his Maker! Let the potsherd strive with the potsherds of the earth. Shall the clay say to him that fashioneth it, What makest thou? or thy work, He hath no hands? 
Woe unto him tha
357,f the first year, for a burnt offering: 
One kid of the goats for a sin offering: 
And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Ahira the son of Enan. 
This was the dedication of the altar, in the day when it was anointed, by the princes of Israel: twelve chargers of sil
339, to praise therewith. 
And David divided them into courses among the sons of Levi, namely, Gershon, Kohath, and Merari. 
Of the Gershonites were, Laadan, and Shimei. 
The sons of Laadan; the chief was Jehiel, and Zetham, and Joel, three. 
The sons of Shimei; Shelomith, and Haziel, and Haran, three. These were the chief of the fathers of 
386,ipped God that sat on the throne, saying, Amen; Alleluia. 
And a voice came out of the throne, saying, Praise our God, all ye his servants, and ye that fear him, both small and great. 
And I heard as it were the voice of a great multitude, and as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of mighty thunderings, saying, Alleluia: for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth. 
Let us be glad a
391,inted in a book! 
That they were graven with an iron pen and lead in the rock for ever! 
For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth: 
And though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God: 
Whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold, and not another; though my reins be consumed within me. 
But ye sh
388,yer of the destitute, and not despise their prayer. 
This shall be written for the generation to come: and the people which shall be created shall praise the LORD. 
For he hath looked down from the height of his sanctuary; from heaven did the LORD behold the earth; 
To hear the groaning of the prisoner; to loose those that are appointed to death; 
To declare the name of the LORD in Zio
326,eth forth, he returneth to his earth; in that very day his thoughts perish. 
Happy is he that hath the God of Jacob for his help, whose hope is in the LORD his God: 
Which made heaven, and earth, the sea, and all that therein is: which keepeth truth for ever: 
Which executeth judgment for the oppressed: which giveth food to 
337,he water thereof was dried up, that the way of the kings of the east might be prepared. 
And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet. 
For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of th
459,lves. 
Turn us again, O God of hosts, and cause thy face to shine; and we shall be saved. 
Thou hast brought a vine out of Egypt: thou hast cast out the heathen, and planted it. 
Thou preparedst room before it, and didst cause it to take deep root, and it filled the land. 
The hills were covered with the shadow of it, and the boughs thereof were like the goodly cedars. 
She sent out her boughs unto the sea, and her branches unto the river. 
Why hast thou 
368,ered them: they sank into the bottom as a stone. 
Thy right hand, O LORD, is become glorious in power: thy right hand, O LORD, hath dashed in pieces the enemy. 
And in the greatness of thine excellency thou hast overthrown them that rose up against thee: thou sentest forth thy wrath, which consumed them as stubble. 
And with the blast of thy nostrils the waters were
424,to all the Jews and Greeks also dwelling at Ephesus; and fear fell on them all, and the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified. 
And many that believed came, and confessed, and shewed their deeds. 
Many of them also which used curious arts brought their books together, and burned them before all men: and they counted the price of them, and found it fifty thousand pieces of silver. 
So mightily grew the word of God and prev
389,g is established by God, and God will shortly bring it to pass. 
Now therefore let Pharaoh look out a man discreet and wise, and set him over the land of Egypt. 
Let Pharaoh do this, and let him appoint officers over the land, and take up the fifth part of the land of Egypt in the seven plenteous years. 
And let them gather all the food of those good years that come, and lay up corn und
461,the instruments of David, and the priests with the trumpets. 
And Hezekiah commanded to offer the burnt offering upon the altar. And when the burnt offering began, the song of the LORD began also with the trumpets, and with the instruments ordained by David king of Israel. 
And all the congregation worshipped, and the singers sang, and the trumpeters sounded: and all this continued until the burnt offering was finished. 
And when they had made an end of off
377, And Peter called to mind the word that Jesus said unto him, Before the cock crow twice, thou shalt deny me thrice. And when he thought thereon, he wept. 
And straightway in the morning the chief priests held a consultation with the elders and scribes and the whole council, and bound Jesus, and carried him away, and delivered him to Pilate. 
And Pilate asked him, Art thou th
458,e unto the children of Israel, according unto all that the LORD had given him in commandment unto them; 
After he had slain Sihon the king of the Amorites, which dwelt in Heshbon, and Og the king of Bashan, which dwelt at Astaroth in Edrei: 
On this side Jordan, in the land of Moab, began Moses to declare this law, saying, 
The LORD our God spake unto us in Horeb, saying, Ye have dwelt long enough in this mount: 
Turn you, and take your journey, and go t
456, and the king said unto Jeremiah, I will ask thee a thing; hide nothing from me. 
Then Jeremiah said unto Zedekiah, If I declare it unto thee, wilt thou not surely put me to death? and if I give thee counsel, wilt thou not hearken unto me? 
So Zedekiah the king sware secretly unto Jeremiah, saying, As the LORD liveth, that made us this soul, I will not put thee to death, neither will I give thee into the hand of these men that seek thy life. 
Then said
368,in time past, and the LORD was with him. 
And Zechariah the son of Meshelemiah was porter of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
All these which were chosen to be porters in the gates were two hundred and twelve. These were reckoned by their genealogy in their villages, whom David and Samuel the seer did ordain in their set office. 
So they and their ch
384,en done more to my vineyard, that I have not done in it? wherefore, when I looked that it should bring forth grapes, brought it forth wild grapes? 
And now go to; I will tell you what I will do to my vineyard: I will take away the hedge thereof, and it shall be eaten up; and break down the wall thereof, and it shall be trodden down: 
And I will lay it waste: it shall not be pruned,
421,Peace, and at such a time. 
The letter which ye sent unto us hath been plainly read before me. 
And I commanded, and search hath been made, and it is found that this city of old time hath made insurrection against kings, and that rebellion and sedition have been made therein. 
There have been mighty kings also over Jerusalem, which have ruled over all countries beyond the river; and toll, tribute, and custom, was paid
324,s it comely that a woman pray unto God uncovered? 
Doth not even nature itself teach you, that, if a man have long hair, it is a shame unto him? 
But if a woman have long hair, it is a glory to her: for her hair is given her for a covering. 
But if any man seem to be contentious, we have no such custom, neither the churche
325,atiah the son of Mattan, and Gedaliah the son of Pashur, and Jucal the son of Shelemiah, and Pashur the son of Malchiah, heard the words that Jeremiah had spoken unto all the people, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD, He that remaineth in this city shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence: but he that goeth f
458,ay much people, saying that they be no gods, which are made with hands: 
So that not only this our craft is in danger to be set at nought; but also that the temple of the great goddess Diana should be despised, and her magnificence should be destroyed, whom all Asia and the world worshippeth. 
And when they heard these sayings, they were full of wrath, and cried out, saying, Great is Diana of the Ephesians. 
And the whole city was filled with confusion: 
365,nd thou shalt offer peace offerings, and shalt eat there, and rejoice before the LORD thy God. 
And thou shalt write upon the stones all the words of this law very plainly. 
And Moses and the priests the Levites spake unto all Israel, saying, Take heed, and hearken, O Israel; this day thou art become the people of the LORD thy God. 
Thou shalt therefore obey the 
411,l not regard silver; and as for gold, they shall not delight in it. 
Their bows also shall dash the young men to pieces; and they shall have no pity on the fruit of the womb; their eyes shall not spare children. 
And Babylon, the glory of kingdoms, the beauty of the Chaldees' excellency, shall be as when God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah. 
It shall never be inhabited, neither shall it be dwelt in from generat
423,days of the issue of her uncleanness shall be as the days of her separation: she shall be unclean. 
Every bed whereon she lieth all the days of her issue shall be unto her as the bed of her separation: and whatsoever she sitteth upon shall be unclean, as the uncleanness of her separation. 
And whosoever toucheth those things shall be unclean, and shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until t
460,enth: 
Whose sisters were Zeruiah, and Abigail. And the sons of Zeruiah; Abishai, and Joab, and Asahel, three. 
And Abigail bare Amasa: and the father of Amasa was Jether the Ishmeelite. 
And Caleb the son of Hezron begat children of Azubah his wife, and of Jerioth: her sons are these; Jesher, and Shobab, and Ardon. 
And when Azubah was dead, Caleb took unto him Ephrath, which bare him Hur. 
And Hur begat Uri, and Uri begat Bezaleel. 
And afterward Hezron 
397,id in their hearts, Let us destroy them together: they have burned up all the synagogues of God in the land. 
We see not our signs: there is no more any prophet: neither is there among us any that knoweth how long. 
O God, how long shall the adversary reproach? shall the enemy blaspheme thy name for ever? 
Why withdrawest thou thy hand, even thy right hand? pluck it out of thy bosom. 
For God i
351,e speaketh not unto men, but unto God: for no man understandeth him; howbeit in the spirit he speaketh mysteries. 
But he that prophesieth speaketh unto men to edification, and exhortation, and comfort. 
He that speaketh in an unknown tongue edifieth himself; but he that prophesieth edifieth the church. 
I would that ye all spake with tongues but ra
422,alling unto him the centurion, he asked him whether he had been any while dead. 
And when he knew it of the centurion, he gave the body to Joseph. 
And he bought fine linen, and took him down, and wrapped him in the linen, and laid him in a sepulchre which was hewn out of a rock, and rolled a stone unto the door of the sepulchre. 
And Mary Magdalene and Mary the mother of Joses beheld where he was laid. 
And when the s
338,ulrushes upon the waters, saying, Go, ye swift messengers, to a nation scattered and peeled, to a people terrible from their beginning hitherto; a nation meted out and trodden down, whose land the rivers have spoiled! 
All ye inhabitants of the world, and dwellers on the earth, see ye, when he lifteth up an ensign on the mountains; and 
456,venth month. 
And all the elders of Israel came, and the priests took up the ark. 
And they brought up the ark of the LORD, and the tabernacle of the congregation, and all the holy vessels that were in the tabernacle, even those did the priests and the Levites bring up. 
And king Solomon, and all the congregation of Israel, that were assembled unto him, were with him before the ark, sacrificing sheep and oxen, that could not be told nor numbered for mu
469,ful to give tribute to Caesar, or not? 
Shall we give, or shall we not give? But he, knowing their hypocrisy, said unto them, Why tempt ye me? bring me a penny, that I may see it. 
And they brought it. And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription? And they said unto him, Caesar's. 
And Jesus answering said unto them, Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's. And they marvelled at him. 
Then come unto him 
447, stranger, uncircumcised in heart, nor uncircumcised in flesh, shall enter into my sanctuary, of any stranger that is among the children of Israel. 
And the Levites that are gone away far from me, when Israel went astray, which went astray away from me after their idols; they shall even bear their iniquity. 
Yet they shall be ministers in my sanctuary, having charge at the gates of the house, and ministering to the house: they shall slay the b
330,hdod, and I will cut off the pride of the Philistines. 
And I will take away his blood out of his mouth, and his abominations from between his teeth: but he that remaineth, even he, shall be for our God, and he shall be as a governor in Judah, and Ekron as a Jebusite. 
And I will encamp about mine house because of the army, beca
382,e law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight: for by the law is the knowledge of sin. 
But now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested, being witnessed by the law and the prophets; 
Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe: for there is no difference: 
For all have sinned, and come short of the 
479,efront of the lower gate unto the forefront of the inner court without, an hundred cubits eastward and northward. 
And the gate of the outward court that looked toward the north, he measured the length thereof, and the breadth thereof. 
And the little chambers thereof were three on this side and three on that side; and the posts thereof and the arches thereof were after the measure of the first gate: the length thereof was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits
407,
My lips shall greatly rejoice when I sing unto thee; and my soul, which thou hast redeemed. 
My tongue also shall talk of thy righteousness all the day long: for they are confounded, for they are brought unto shame, that seek my hurt. 
Give the king thy judgments, O God, and thy righteousness unto the king's son. 
He shall judge thy people with righteousness, and thy poor with judgment. 
The mountains s
480,e LORD, and smote Job with sore boils from the sole of his foot unto his crown. 
And he took him a potsherd to scrape himself withal; and he sat down among the ashes. 
Then said his wife unto him, Dost thou still retain thine integrity? curse God, and die. 
But he said unto her, Thou speakest as one of the foolish women speaketh. What? shall we receive good at the hand of God, and shall we not receive evil? In all this did not Job sin with his lips. 
Now when Job's three frie
331,he LORD thy God giveth thee, and shalt put it in a basket, and shalt go unto the place which the LORD thy God shall choose to place his name there. 
And thou shalt go unto the priest that shall be in those days, and say unto him, I profess this day unto the LORD thy God, that I am come unto the country which the LORD sware unto o
355, is a statute for ever unto the LORD; it shall be wholly burnt. 
For every meat offering for the priest shall be wholly burnt: it shall not be eaten. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto Aaron and to his sons, saying, This is the law of the sin offering: In the place where the burnt offering is killed shall the sin offering be killed befo
429,; Jesher, and Shobab, and Ardon. 
And when Azubah was dead, Caleb took unto him Ephrath, which bare him Hur. 
And Hur begat Uri, and Uri begat Bezaleel. 
And afterward Hezron went in to the daughter of Machir the father of Gilead, whom he married when he was threescore years old; and she bare him Segub. 
And Segub begat Jair, who had three and twenty cities in the land of Gilead. 
And he took Geshur, and Aram, with the towns 
440,nd set it up for a pillar. 
And Jacob said unto his brethren, Gather stones; and they took stones, and made an heap: and they did eat there upon the heap. 
And Laban called it Jegarsahadutha: but Jacob called it Galeed. 
And Laban said, This heap is a witness between me and thee this day. Therefore was the name of it called Galeed; 
And Mizpah; for he said, The LORD watch between me and thee, when we are absent one from another. 
If tho
462, with stretched forth necks and wanton eyes, walking and mincing as they go, and making a tinkling with their feet: 
Therefore the LORD will smite with a scab the crown of the head of the daughters of Zion, and the LORD will discover their secret parts. 
In that day the Lord will take away the bravery of their tinkling ornaments about their feet, and their cauls, and their round tires like the moon, 
The chains, and the bracelets, and the mufflers, 
The bonn
442,iquity of the fathers upon the children, and upon the children's children, unto the third and to the fourth generation. 
And Moses made haste, and bowed his head toward the earth, and worshipped. 
And he said, If now I have found grace in thy sight, O LORD, let my LORD, I pray thee, go among us; for it is a stiffnecked people; and pardon our iniquity and our sin, and take us for thine inheritance. 
And he said, Behold, I make a covenant: 
439,ouls; every man according to his eating shall make your count for the lamb. 
Your lamb shall be without blemish, a male of the first year: ye shall take it out from the sheep, or from the goats: 
And ye shall keep it up until the fourteenth day of the same month: and the whole assembly of the congregation of Israel shall kill it in the evening. 
And they shall take of the blood, and strike it on the two side posts and on the upper door
361,; and with him was Eleazar the son of Phinehas; and with them was Jozabad the son of Jeshua, and Noadiah the son of Binnui, Levites; 
By number and by weight of every one: and all the weight was written at that time. 
Also the children of those that had been carried away, which were come out of the captivity, offered burnt offerings unto the God of Israel, tw
414, plain: 
And the glory of the LORD shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together: for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it. 
The voice said, Cry. And he said, What shall I cry? All flesh is grass, and all the goodliness thereof is as the flower of the field: 
The grass withereth, the flower fadeth: because the spirit of the LORD bloweth upon it: surely the people is grass. 
The grass withereth, the flo
357,good ground is he that heareth the word, and understandeth it; which also beareth fruit, and bringeth forth, some an hundredfold, some sixty, some thirty. 
Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field: 
But while men slept, his enemy came and sowed tares among the wheat, and
321,; and the sword, not of a mean man, shall devour him: but he shall flee from the sword, and his young men shall be discomfited. 
And he shall pass over to his strong hold for fear, and his princes shall be afraid of the ensign, saith the LORD, whose fire is in Zion, and his furnace in Jerusalem. 
Behold, a king shall re
326,n, and shall yet choose Jerusalem. 
Then lifted I up mine eyes, and saw, and behold four horns. 
And I said unto the angel that talked with me, What be these? And he answered me, These are the horns which have scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem. 
And the LORD shewed me four carpenters. 
Then said I, What come these to do
421,ard him; 
God also bearing them witness, both with signs and wonders, and with divers miracles, and gifts of the Holy Ghost, according to his own will? 
For unto the angels hath he not put in subjection the world to come, whereof we speak. 
But one in a certain place testified, saying, What is man, that thou art mindful of him? or the son of man that thou visitest him? 
Thou madest him a little lower than the angels; 
370,ORD of hosts, I will even send a curse upon you, and I will curse your blessings: yea, I have cursed them already, because ye do not lay it to heart. 
Behold, I will corrupt your seed, and spread dung upon your faces, even the dung of your solemn feasts; and one shall take you away with it. 
And ye shall know that I have sent this commandment unto you, that my covenan
341,ngs. 
And the number of the burnt offerings, which the congregation brought, was threescore and ten bullocks, an hundred rams, and two hundred lambs: all these were for a burnt offering to the LORD. 
And the consecrated things were six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep. 
But the priests were too few, so that they could not flay all the
399,herd giveth his life for the sheep. 
But he that is an hireling, and not the shepherd, whose own the sheep are not, seeth the wolf coming, and leaveth the sheep, and fleeth: and the wolf catcheth them, and scattereth the sheep. 
The hireling fleeth, because he is an hireling, and careth not for the sheep. 
I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine. 
As the Father knoweth me,
460, the midst of them, as he that swimmeth spreadeth forth his hands to swim: and he shall bring down their pride together with the spoils of their hands. 
And the fortress of the high fort of thy walls shall he bring down, lay low, and bring to the ground, even to the dust. 
In that day shall this song be sung in the land of Judah; We have a strong city; salvation will God appoint for walls and bulwarks. 
Open ye the gates, that the righteous nation which ke
385,repare your hearts unto the LORD, and serve him only: and he will deliver you out of the hand of the Philistines. 
Then the children of Israel did put away Baalim and Ashtaroth, and served the LORD only. 
And Samuel said, Gather all Israel to Mizpeh, and I will pray for you unto the LORD. 
And they gathered together to Mizpeh, and drew water, and poured it out before the LORD, and f
367, he that sanctified the field will in any wise redeem it, then he shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimation unto it, and it shall be assured to him. 
And if he will not redeem the field, or if he have sold the field to another man, it shall not be redeemed any more. 
But the field, when it goeth out in the jubile, shall be holy unto the LORD, as a fie
474,ten cubits. 
Then said he unto me, This is the curse that goeth forth over the face of the whole earth: for every one that stealeth shall be cut off as on this side according to it; and every one that sweareth shall be cut off as on that side according to it. 
I will bring it forth, saith the LORD of hosts, and it shall enter into the house of the thief, and into the house of him that sweareth falsely by my name: and it shall remain in the midst of his house, and shall 
335,leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfection; not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works, and of faith toward God, 
Of the doctrine of baptisms, and of laying on of hands, and of resurrection of the dead, and of eternal judgment. 
And this will we do, if God permit. 
For it is impo
471,hould it also be marvellous in mine eyes? saith the LORD of hosts. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Behold, I will save my people from the east country, and from the west country; 
And I will bring them, and they shall dwell in the midst of Jerusalem: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God, in truth and in righteousness. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Let your hands be strong, ye that hear in these days these words by the mouth of the prophets, which were
334,d bring it unto us, that we may hear it, and do it? 
But the word is very nigh unto thee, in thy mouth, and in thy heart, that thou mayest do it. 
See, I have set before thee this day life and good, and death and evil; 
In that I command thee this day to love the LORD thy God, to walk in his ways, and to keep his commandments and hi
467,ousand and five hundred. 
Of the children of Simeon, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, those that were numbered of them, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war; 
Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Simeon, were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred. 
Of the children of Gad, by their generations, after th
421,e my house, and shalt also keep my courts, and I will give thee places to walk among these that stand by. 
Hear now, O Joshua the high priest, thou, and thy fellows that sit before thee: for they are men wondered at: for, behold, I will bring forth my servant the BRANCH. 
For behold the stone that I have laid before Joshua; upon one stone shall be seven eyes: behold, I will engrave the graving thereof, saith the LORD 
367,hat the LORD had smitten the river. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, Go unto Pharaoh, and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Let my people go, that they may serve me. 
And if thou refuse to let them go, behold, I will smite all thy borders with frogs: 
And the river shall bring forth frogs abundantly, which shall go up and come into thine house, and into thy bedcham
470,ou art true, and carest for no man: for thou regardest not the person of men, but teachest the way of God in truth: Is it lawful to give tribute to Caesar, or not? 
Shall we give, or shall we not give? But he, knowing their hypocrisy, said unto them, Why tempt ye me? bring me a penny, that I may see it. 
And they brought it. And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription? And they said unto him, Caesar's. 
And Jesus answering said unto them, Render t
365,the streets: 
Or ever the silver cord be loosed, or the golden bowl be broken, or the pitcher be broken at the fountain, or the wheel broken at the cistern. 
Then shall the dust return to the earth as it was: and the spirit shall return unto God who gave it. 
Vanity of vanities, saith the preacher; all is vanity. 
And moreover, because the preacher was wise, he s
379,hall be the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel; After those days, saith the LORD, I will put my law in their inward parts, and write it in their hearts; and will be their God, and they shall be my people. 
And they shall teach no more every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the LORD: for they shall all know me, from the least of them un
479,; and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. 
He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief: and we hid as it were our faces from him; he was despised, and we esteemed him not. 
Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted. 
But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upo
344,fastening his eyes upon him with John, said, Look on us. 
And he gave heed unto them, expecting to receive something of them. 
Then Peter said, Silver and gold have I none; but such as I have give I thee: In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk. 
And he took him by the right hand, and lifted him up: and immediately his feet a
472,thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Jonadab the son of Rechab shall not want a man to stand before me for ever. 
And it came to pass in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, that this word came unto Jeremiah from the LORD, saying, 
Take thee a roll of a book, and write therein all the words that I have spoken unto thee against Israel, and against Judah, and against all the nations, from the day I spake unto thee, from the days of J
431,
And these were the sons of Levi by their names; Gershon, and Kohath, and Merari. 
And these are the names of the sons of Gershon by their families; Libni, and Shimei. 
And the sons of Kohath by their families; Amram, and Izehar, Hebron, and Uzziel. 
And the sons of Merari by their families; Mahli, and Mushi. These are the families of the Levites according to the house of their fathers. 
Of Gershon was the family of the Libnite
451, not changed, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not. 
Wherefore king Darius signed the writing and the decree. 
Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he went into his house; and his windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem, he kneeled upon his knees three times a day, and prayed, and gave thanks before his God, as he did aforetime. 
Then these men assembled, and found Daniel praying and making sup
401,y means they might attain to Phenice, and there to winter; which is an haven of Crete, and lieth toward the south west and north west. 
And when the south wind blew softly, supposing that they had obtained their purpose, loosing thence, they sailed close by Crete. 
But not long after there arose against it a tempestuous wind, called Euroclydon. 
And when the ship was caught, and could not bear up i
426,er; and he railed on them. 
But the men were very good unto us, and we were not hurt, neither missed we any thing, as long as we were conversant with them, when we were in the fields: 
They were a wall unto us both by night and day, all the while we were with them keeping the sheep. 
Now therefore know and consider what thou wilt do; for evil is determined against our master, and against all his household: for he is such a
479,d, the daughter of Bethuel, Nahor's son, whom Milcah bare unto him: and I put the earring upon her face, and the bracelets upon her hands. 
And I bowed down my head, and worshipped the LORD, and blessed the LORD God of my master Abraham, which had led me in the right way to take my master's brother's daughter unto his son. 
And now if ye will deal kindly and truly with my master, tell me: and if not, tell me; that I may turn to the right hand, or to the left. 
Then Laban and
348,nd there was a man of mount Ephraim, whose name was Micah. 
And he said unto his mother, The eleven hundred shekels of silver that were taken from thee, about which thou cursedst, and spakest of also in mine ears, behold, the silver is with me; I took it. And his mother said, Blessed be thou of the LORD, my son. 
And when he had restored the elev
327,that all men were even as I myself. But every man hath his proper gift of God, one after this manner, and another after that. 
I say therefore to the unmarried and widows, it is good for them if they abide even as I. 
But if they cannot contain, let them marry: for it is better to marry than to burn. 
And unto the married I c
320, Mareshah, and the families of the house of them that wrought fine linen, of the house of Ashbea, 
And Jokim, and the men of Chozeba, and Joash, and Saraph, who had the dominion in Moab, and Jashubilehem. And these are ancient things. 
These were the potters, and those that dwelt among plants and hedges: there they dwe
438,
Then all the captains of the forces, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jezaniah the son of Hoshaiah, and all the people from the least even unto the greatest, came near, 
And said unto Jeremiah the prophet, Let, we beseech thee, our supplication be accepted before thee, and pray for us unto the LORD thy God, even for all this remnant; (for we are left but a few of many, as thine eyes do behold us:) 
That the LORD thy God may shew us
410,ength thereof, and twenty cubits the breadth thereof, and ten cubits the height thereof. 
Also he made a molten sea of ten cubits from brim to brim, round in compass, and five cubits the height thereof; and a line of thirty cubits did compass it round about. 
And under it was the similitude of oxen, which did compass it round about: ten in a cubit, compassing the sea round about. Two rows of oxen were cast,
461,from iniquity. 
But in a great house there are not only vessels of gold and of silver, but also of wood and of earth; and some to honour, and some to dishonour. 
If a man therefore purge himself from these, he shall be a vessel unto honour, sanctified, and meet for the master's use, and prepared unto every good work. 
Flee also youthful lusts: but follow righteousness, faith, charity, peace, with them that call on the Lord out of a pure heart. 
But foolish 
397,'s vengeance, and the year of recompences for the controversy of Zion. 
And the streams thereof shall be turned into pitch, and the dust thereof into brimstone, and the land thereof shall become burning pitch. 
It shall not be quenched night nor day; the smoke thereof shall go up for ever: from generation to generation it shall lie waste; none shall pass through it for ever and ever. 
But the c
470,Let us labour therefore to enter into that rest, lest any man fall after the same example of unbelief. 
For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. 
Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight: but all things are naked and opened unto the eyes of him with whom we 
358,ares out of the land, O inhabitant of the fortress. 
For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will sling out the inhabitants of the land at this once, and will distress them, that they may find it so. 
Woe is me for my hurt! my wound is grievous; but I said, Truly this is a grief, and I must bear it. 
My tabernacle is spoiled, and all my cords are broken: my chi
392,, as he promised, Adonijah shall be put to death this day. 
And king Solomon sent by the hand of Benaiah the son of Jehoiada; and he fell upon him that he died. 
And unto Abiathar the priest said the king, Get thee to Anathoth, unto thine own fields; for thou art worthy of death: but I will not at this time put thee to death, because thou barest the ark of the LORD God before David my fath
376,go into Egypt to sojourn there; they shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence: and none of them shall remain or escape from the evil that I will bring upon them. 
For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; As mine anger and my fury hath been poured forth upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem; so shall my fury be poured forth upon you, when ye shall
446,of Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite unto this day, because that he wholly followed the LORD God of Israel. 
And the name of Hebron before was Kirjatharba; which Arba was a great man among the Anakims. And the land had rest from war. 
This then was the lot of the tribe of the children of Judah by their families; even to the border of Edom the wilderness of Zin southward was the uttermost part of the south coast. 
And their south border 
459,venant with our God to put away all the wives, and such as are born of them, according to the counsel of my lord, and of those that tremble at the commandment of our God; and let it be done according to the law. 
Arise; for this matter belongeth unto thee: we also will be with thee: be of good courage, and do it. 
Then arose Ezra, and made the chief priests, the Levites, and all Israel, to swear that they should do according to this word. And they sware. 
390,lose; a time to keep, and a time to cast away; 
A time to rend, and a time to sew; a time to keep silence, and a time to speak; 
A time to love, and a time to hate; a time of war, and a time of peace. 
What profit hath he that worketh in that wherein he laboureth? 
I have seen the travail, which God hath given to the sons of men to be exercised in it. 
He hath made every thing beautiful 
421,y should heat the furnace one seven times more than it was wont to be heated. 
And he commanded the most mighty men that were in his army to bind Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, and to cast them into the burning fiery furnace. 
Then these men were bound in their coats, their hosen, and their hats, and their other garments, and were cast into the midst of the burning fiery furnace. 
Therefore because the king's comman
380,aw his anger, the proud helpers do stoop under him. 
How much less shall I answer him, and choose out my words to reason with him? 
Whom, though I were righteous, yet would I not answer, but I would make supplication to my judge. 
If I had called, and he had answered me; yet would I not believe that he had hearkened unto my voice. 
For he breaketh me with a tempest, and multipl
440,ried day and night before thee: 
Let my prayer come before thee: incline thine ear unto my cry; 
For my soul is full of troubles: and my life draweth nigh unto the grave. 
I am counted with them that go down into the pit: I am as a man that hath no strength: 
Free among the dead, like the slain that lie in the grave, whom thou rememberest no more: and they are cut off from thy hand. 
Thou hast laid me in the lowest pit, in darkness, in 
382,to pass, that at even the quails came up, and covered the camp: and in the morning the dew lay round about the host. 
And when the dew that lay was gone up, behold, upon the face of the wilderness there lay a small round thing, as small as the hoar frost on the ground. 
And when the children of Israel saw it, they said one to another, It is manna: for they wist not what it was. A
375,he freewill offering for the house of God that is in Jerusalem. 
Then rose up the chief of the fathers of Judah and Benjamin, and the priests, and the Levites, with all them whose spirit God had raised, to go up to build the house of the LORD which is in Jerusalem. 
And all they that were about them strengthened their hands with vessels of silver, with gold, with goods, an
407,is mouth. 
And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ. 
And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw a beast rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy. 
And the beast which I saw was like unto a
326,n, O LORD: I have said that I would keep thy words. 
I intreated thy favour with my whole heart: be merciful unto me according to thy word. 
I thought on my ways, and turned my feet unto thy testimonies. 
I made haste, and delayed not to keep thy commandments. 
The bands of the wicked have robbed me: but I have not forgotten
359,e sabbath: 
Therefore the Son of man is Lord also of the sabbath. 
And he entered again into the synagogue; and there was a man there which had a withered hand. 
And they watched him, whether he would heal him on the sabbath day; that they might accuse him. 
And he saith unto the man which had the withered hand, Stand forth. 
And he saith unto them, Is it l
346,tified by the law of Moses. 
Beware therefore, lest that come upon you, which is spoken of in the prophets; 
Behold, ye despisers, and wonder, and perish: for I work a work in your days, a work which ye shall in no wise believe, though a man declare it unto you. 
And when the Jews were gone out of the synagogue, the Gentiles besought that these
398,ocured this unto thyself, in that thou hast forsaken the LORD thy God, when he led thee by the way? 
And now what hast thou to do in the way of Egypt, to drink the waters of Sihor? or what hast thou to do in the way of Assyria, to drink the waters of the river? 
Thine own wickedness shall correct thee, and thy backslidings shall reprove thee: know therefore and see that it is an evil thing and b
401,highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God; 
Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away. 
For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts, 
Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth. 
Now as Jannes and Jambres withstood Moses, so do these also resist
454,alted. 
Then said he also to him that bade him, When thou makest a dinner or a supper, call not thy friends, nor thy brethren, neither thy kinsmen, nor thy rich neighbours; lest they also bid thee again, and a recompence be made thee. 
But when thou makest a feast, call the poor, the maimed, the lame, the blind: 
And thou shalt be blessed; for they cannot recompense thee: for thou shalt be recompensed at the resurrection of the just. 
And when one of
411, of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office. 
And all the congregation of the children of Israel departed from the presence of Moses. 
And they came, every one whose heart stirred him up, and every one whom his spirit made willing, and they brought the LORD's offering to the work of the tabernacle of th
403,before the house. 
And for the house he made windows of narrow lights. 
And against the wall of the house he built chambers round about, against the walls of the house round about, both of the temple and of the oracle: and he made chambers round about: 
The nethermost chamber was five cubits broad, and the middle was six cubits broad, and the third was seven cubits broad: for without in the wall of t
384,e known. 
Righteousness exalteth a nation: but sin is a reproach to any people. 
The king's favour is toward a wise servant: but his wrath is against him that causeth shame. 
A soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous words stir up anger. 
The tongue of the wise useth knowledge aright: but the mouth of fools poureth out foolishness. 
The eyes of the LORD are in every place, beh
353,at is seen is not hope: for what a man seeth, why doth he yet hope for? 
But if we hope for that we see not, then do we with patience wait for it. 
Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered. 
And he that 
420,leth, sons of Reuben, took men: 
And they rose up before Moses, with certain of the children of Israel, two hundred and fifty princes of the assembly, famous in the congregation, men of renown: 
And they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron, and said unto them, Ye take too much upon you, seeing all the congregation are holy, every one of them, and the LORD is among them: wherefore then lift ye
332,t which thou sowest, thou sowest not that body that shall be, but bare grain, it may chance of wheat, or of some other grain: 
But God giveth it a body as it hath pleased him, and to every seed his own body. 
All flesh is not the same flesh: but there is one kind of flesh of men, another flesh of beasts, another of fishes, and ano
480,nt: his eyes are privily set against the poor. 
He lieth in wait secretly as a lion in his den: he lieth in wait to catch the poor: he doth catch the poor, when he draweth him into his net. 
He croucheth, and humbleth himself, that the poor may fall by his strong ones. 
He hath said in his heart, God hath forgotten: he hideth his face; he will never see it. 
Arise, O LORD; O God, lift up thine hand: forget not the humble. 
Wherefore doth the wicked contemn God? he hath said i
379,drawers of water for the house of my God. 
And they answered Joshua, and said, Because it was certainly told thy servants, how that the LORD thy God commanded his servant Moses to give you all the land, and to destroy all the inhabitants of the land from before you, therefore we were sore afraid of our lives because of you, and have done this thing. 
And now, behold, we are in
454, post of the gate, and the priests shall prepare his burnt offering and his peace offerings, and he shall worship at the threshold of the gate: then he shall go forth; but the gate shall not be shut until the evening. 
Likewise the people of the land shall worship at the door of this gate before the LORD in the sabbaths and in the new moons. 
And the burnt offering that the prince shall offer unto the LORD in the sabbath day shall be six lambs withou
400,n away my glory for ever. 
Arise ye, and depart; for this is not your rest: because it is polluted, it shall destroy you, even with a sore destruction. 
If a man walking in the spirit and falsehood do lie, saying, I will prophesy unto thee of wine and of strong drink; he shall even be the prophet of this people. 
I will surely assemble, O Jacob, all of thee; I will surely gather the remnant of Isr
412,g the LORD's song in a strange land? 
If I forget thee, O Jerusalem, let my right hand forget her cunning. 
If I do not remember thee, let my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth; if I prefer not Jerusalem above my chief joy. 
Remember, O LORD, the children of Edom in the day of Jerusalem; who said, Rase it, rase it, even to the foundation thereof. 
O daughter of Babylon, who art to be destroyed; happy shall
462,ve ruled over us: there is none that doth deliver us out of their hand. 
We gat our bread with the peril of our lives because of the sword of the wilderness. 
Our skin was black like an oven because of the terrible famine. 
They ravished the women in Zion, and the maids in the cities of Judah. 
Princes are hanged up by their hand: the faces of elders were not honoured. 
They took the young men to grind, and the children fell under the wood. 
The elders have 
347,d. 
For when they came into the house, he lay on his bed in his bedchamber, and they smote him, and slew him, and beheaded him, and took his head, and gat them away through the plain all night. 
And they brought the head of Ishbosheth unto David to Hebron, and said to the king, Behold the head of Ishbosheth the son of Saul thine enemy, which sou
382,s of this book: worship God. 
And he saith unto me, Seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book: for the time is at hand. 
He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still. 
And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to giv
448,ourn, and a time to dance; 
A time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones together; a time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing; 
A time to get, and a time to lose; a time to keep, and a time to cast away; 
A time to rend, and a time to sew; a time to keep silence, and a time to speak; 
A time to love, and a time to hate; a time of war, and a time of peace. 
What profit hath he that worketh in that wherein he laboureth? 
I
324,em, sent unto Hoham king of Hebron, and unto Piram king of Jarmuth, and unto Japhia king of Lachish, and unto Debir king of Eglon, saying, 
Come up unto me, and help me, that we may smite Gibeon: for it hath made peace with Joshua and with the children of Israel. 
Therefore the five kings of the Amorites, the king of Jerus
333,, and his countenance was like the countenance of an angel of God, very terrible: but I asked him not whence he was, neither told he me his name: 
But he said unto me, Behold, thou shalt conceive, and bear a son; and now drink no wine nor strong drink, neither eat any unclean thing: for the child shall be a Nazarite to God from the
327,ound, lo, these eighteen years, be loosed from this bond on the sabbath day? 
And when he had said these things, all his adversaries were ashamed: and all the people rejoiced for all the glorious things that were done by him. 
Then said he, Unto what is the kingdom of God like? and whereunto shall I resemble it? 
It is like a
439,trife unto our neighbours: and our enemies laugh among themselves. 
Turn us again, O God of hosts, and cause thy face to shine; and we shall be saved. 
Thou hast brought a vine out of Egypt: thou hast cast out the heathen, and planted it. 
Thou preparedst room before it, and didst cause it to take deep root, and it filled the land. 
The hills were covered with the shadow of it, and the boughs thereof were like the goodly cedars. 
She s
441,oods compassed me about: all thy billows and thy waves passed over me. 
Then I said, I am cast out of thy sight; yet I will look again toward thy holy temple. 
The waters compassed me about, even to the soul: the depth closed me round about, the weeds were wrapped about my head. 
I went down to the bottoms of the mountains; the earth with her bars was about me for ever: yet hast thou brought up my life from corruption, O LORD my God. 
Wh
332,ill thee. 
And he said unto them, Go ye, and tell that fox, Behold, I cast out devils, and I do cures to day and to morrow, and the third day I shall be perfected. 
Nevertheless I must walk to day, and to morrow, and the day following: for it cannot be that a prophet perish out of Jerusalem. 
O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which killest 
477,not afraid of him, saith the LORD: for I am with you to save you, and to deliver you from his hand. 
And I will shew mercies unto you, that he may have mercy upon you, and cause you to return to your own land. 
But if ye say, We will not dwell in this land, neither obey the voice of the LORD your God, 
Saying, No; but we will go into the land of Egypt, where we shall see no war, nor hear the sound of the trumpet, nor have hunger of bread; and there will we dwell: 
And now 
406, GOD; There shall none of my words be prolonged any more, but the word which I have spoken shall be done, saith the Lord GOD. 
And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, prophesy against the prophets of Israel that prophesy, and say thou unto them that prophesy out of their own hearts, Hear ye the word of the LORD; 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe unto the foolish prophets, that follow the
466,ORD God? and to whom shall he go up from us? 
And they sent messengers to the inhabitants of Kirjathjearim, saying, The Philistines have brought again the ark of the LORD; come ye down, and fetch it up to you. 
And the men of Kirjathjearim came, and fetched up the ark of the LORD, and brought it into the house of Abinadab in the hill, and sanctified Eleazar his son to keep the ark of the LORD. 
And it came to pass, while the ark abode in Kirjathjearim, that the 
400,they came to Zerubbabel, and to the chief of the fathers, and said unto them, Let us build with you: for we seek your God, as ye do; and we do sacrifice unto him since the days of Esarhaddon king of Assur, which brought us up hither. 
But Zerubbabel, and Jeshua, and the rest of the chief of the fathers of Israel, said unto them, Ye have nothing to do with us to build an house unto our God; but we 
438,ighty man, and they which be with him are valiant men. 
Therefore I counsel that all Israel be generally gathered unto thee, from Dan even to Beersheba, as the sand that is by the sea for multitude; and that thou go to battle in thine own person. 
So shall we come upon him in some place where he shall be found, and we will light upon him as the dew falleth on the ground: and of him and of all the men that are with him there shall not 
424,rds, and some on broken pieces of the ship. And so it came to pass, that they escaped all safe to land. 
And when they were escaped, then they knew that the island was called Melita. 
And the barbarous people shewed us no little kindness: for they kindled a fire, and received us every one, because of the present rain, and because of the cold. 
And when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks, and laid them on the fire, ther
369,llam and Shabbethai the Levite helped them. 
And the children of the captivity did so. And Ezra the priest, with certain chief of the fathers, after the house of their fathers, and all of them by their names, were separated, and sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter. 
And they made an end with all the men that had taken strange wives by t
398,eh, whom the king of Assyria his master hath sent to reproach the living God, and will reprove the words which the LORD thy God hath heard: wherefore lift up thy prayer for the remnant that is left. 
So the servants of king Hezekiah came to Isaiah. 
And Isaiah said unto them, Thus shall ye say unto your master, Thus saith the LORD, Be not afraid of the words that thou hast heard, wherewith the s
478,ke as all the nations that are about me; 
Thou shalt in any wise set him king over thee, whom the LORD thy God shall choose: one from among thy brethren shalt thou set king over thee: thou mayest not set a stranger over thee, which is not thy brother. 
But he shall not multiply horses to himself, nor cause the people to return to Egypt, to the end that he should multiply horses: forasmuch as the LORD hath said unto you, Ye shall henceforth return no more that way. 
Neither 
385,his evil way, and make your ways and your doings good. 
And they said, There is no hope: but we will walk after our own devices, and we will every one do the imagination of his evil heart. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD; Ask ye now among the heathen, who hath heard such things: the virgin of Israel hath done a very horrible thing. 
Will a man leave the snow of Lebanon which cometh f
464,the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins; 
As it is written in the book of the words of Esaias the prophet, saying, The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight. 
Every valley shall be filled, and every mountain and hill shall be brought low; and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough ways shall be made smooth; 
And all flesh shall see the salvation of God. 
Then said he to the multitu
327,es, which go a whoring after their idols: and they shall lothe themselves for the evils which they have committed in all their abominations. 
And they shall know that I am the LORD, and that I have not said in vain that I would do this evil unto them. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; Smite with thine hand, and stamp with thy foot, a
354,stars of heaven, and did cast them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered, for to devour her child as soon as it was born. 
And she brought forth a man child, who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron: and her child was caught up unto God, and to his throne. 
And the woman fled into the wilderness, wher
430, but it shall not prosper. 
Go not up, for the LORD is not among you; that ye be not smitten before your enemies. 
For the Amalekites and the Canaanites are there before you, and ye shall fall by the sword: because ye are turned away from the LORD, therefore the LORD will not be with you. 
But they presumed to go up unto the hill top: nevertheless the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and Moses, departed not out of the camp. 
T
463, commandments: but a prating fool shall fall. 
He that walketh uprightly walketh surely: but he that perverteth his ways shall be known. 
He that winketh with the eye causeth sorrow: but a prating fool shall fall. 
The mouth of a righteous man is a well of life: but violence covereth the mouth of the wicked. 
Hatred stirreth up strifes: but love covereth all sins. 
In the lips of him that hath understanding wisdom is found: but a rod is for the back of him th
366,instrels and the people making a noise, 
He said unto them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed him to scorn. 
But when the people were put forth, he went in, and took her by the hand, and the maid arose. 
And the fame hereof went abroad into all that land. 
And when Jesus departed thence, two blind men followed him, crying, and sa
373,ll flesh, as God had commanded him: and the LORD shut him in. 
And the flood was forty days upon the earth; and the waters increased, and bare up the ark, and it was lift up above the earth. 
And the waters prevailed, and were increased greatly upon the earth; and the ark went upon the face of the waters. 
And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the 
394,trumpets and cymbals for those that should make a sound, and with musical instruments of God. And the sons of Jeduthun were porters. 
And all the people departed every man to his house: and David returned to bless his house. 
Now it came to pass, as David sat in his house, that David said to Nathan the prophet, Lo, I dwell in an house of cedars, but the ark of the covenant of the LORD remain
431,The north wind driveth away rain: so doth an angry countenance a backbiting tongue. 
It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, than with a brawling woman and in a wide house. 
As cold waters to a thirsty soul, so is good news from a far country. 
A righteous man falling down before the wicked is as a troubled fountain, and a corrupt spring. 
It is not good to eat much honey: so for men to search their own glory is no
383,make merry, and shall send gifts one to another; because these two prophets tormented them that dwelt on the earth. 
And after three days and an half the spirit of life from God entered into them, and they stood upon their feet; and great fear fell upon them which saw them. 
And they heard a great voice from heaven saying unto them, Come up hither. And they ascended up to heaven i
406,ucees, which say that there is no resurrection, and asked him, 
Saying, Master, Moses said, If a man die, having no children, his brother shall marry his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother. 
Now there were with us seven brethren: and the first, when he had married a wife, deceased, and, having no issue, left his wife unto his brother: 
Likewise the second also, and the third, unto the seventh. 
An
408,irit was overwhelmed within me, then thou knewest my path. In the way wherein I walked have they privily laid a snare for me. 
I looked on my right hand, and beheld, but there was no man that would know me: refuge failed me; no man cared for my soul. 
I cried unto thee, O LORD: I said, Thou art my refuge and my portion in the land of the living. 
Attend unto my cry; for I am brought very low: deliver me f
376,its thereof without money, or have caused the owners thereof to lose their life: 
Let thistles grow instead of wheat, and cockle instead of barley. The words of Job are ended. 
So these three men ceased to answer Job, because he was righteous in his own eyes. 
Then was kindled the wrath of Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite, of the kindred of Ram: against Job was his wrat
325,it of truth, and the spirit of error. 
Beloved, let us love one another: for love is of God; and every one that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God. 
He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love. 
In this was manifested the love of God toward us, because that God sent his only begotten Son into the world, that we 
371,rch I had rather speak five words with my understanding, that by my voice I might teach others also, than ten thousand words in an unknown tongue. 
Brethren, be not children in understanding: howbeit in malice be ye children, but in understanding be men. 
In the law it is written, With men of other tongues and other lips will I speak unto this people; and yet for all t
334,rew down the high places and the altars out of all Judah and Benjamin, in Ephraim also and Manasseh, until they had utterly destroyed them all. Then all the children of Israel returned, every man to his possession, into their own cities. 
And Hezekiah appointed the courses of the priests and the Levites after their courses, every ma
388,. 
Thou shalt not oppress an hired servant that is poor and needy, whether he be of thy brethren, or of thy strangers that are in thy land within thy gates: 
At his day thou shalt give him his hire, neither shall the sun go down upon it; for he is poor, and setteth his heart upon it: lest he cry against thee unto the LORD, and it be sin unto thee. 
The fathers shall not be put to death
385,g, 
The land of Zabulon, and the land of Nephthalim, by the way of the sea, beyond Jordan, Galilee of the Gentiles; 
The people which sat in darkness saw great light; and to them which sat in the region and shadow of death light is sprung up. 
From that time Jesus began to preach, and to say, Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand. 
And Jesus, walking by the sea of Galilee, sa
427, Lord did say to thee, Eat no bread, and drink no water; thy carcase shall not come unto the sepulchre of thy fathers. 
And it came to pass, after he had eaten bread, and after he had drunk, that he saddled for him the ass, to wit, for the prophet whom he had brought back. 
And when he was gone, a lion met him by the way, and slew him: and his carcase was cast in the way, and the ass stood by it, the lion also stood by the 
336,ar off, and let Jerusalem come into your mind. 
We are confounded, because we have heard reproach: shame hath covered our faces: for strangers are come into the sanctuaries of the LORD's house. 
Wherefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will do judgment upon her graven images: and through all her land the wounded shall 
376,handed; every one could sling stones at an hair breadth, and not miss. 
And the men of Israel, beside Benjamin, were numbered four hundred thousand men that drew sword: all these were men of war. 
And the children of Israel arose, and went up to the house of God, and asked counsel of God, and said, Which of us shall go up first to the battle against the children of Benjamin
388,e new moons, and on the solemn feasts of the LORD our God. This is an ordinance for ever to Israel. 
And the house which I build is great: for great is our God above all gods. 
But who is able to build him an house, seeing the heaven and heaven of heavens cannot contain him? who am I then, that I should build him an house, save only to burn sacrifice before him? 
Send me now therefore 
394,nd the LORD was with them. 
And the house of Joseph sent to descry Bethel. (Now the name of the city before was Luz.) 
And the spies saw a man come forth out of the city, and they said unto him, Shew us, we pray thee, the entrance into the city, and we will shew thee mercy. 
And when he shewed them the entrance into the city, they smote the city with the edge of the sword; but they let go th
427,counsel of Judah and Jerusalem in this place; and I will cause them to fall by the sword before their enemies, and by the hands of them that seek their lives: and their carcases will I give to be meat for the fowls of the heaven, and for the beasts of the earth. 
And I will make this city desolate, and an hissing; every one that passeth thereby shall be astonished and hiss because of all the plagues thereof. 
And I will cau
336,e children of Israel cried unto the LORD: for he had nine hundred chariots of iron; and twenty years he mightily oppressed the children of Israel. 
And Deborah, a prophetess, the wife of Lapidoth, she judged Israel at that time. 
And she dwelt under the palm tree of Deborah between Ramah and Bethel in mount Ephraim: and the children o
333, of the street, and did spread them abroad. 
Thou also hast delivered me from the strivings of my people, thou hast kept me to be head of the heathen: a people which I knew not shall serve me. 
Strangers shall submit themselves unto me: as soon as they hear, they shall be obedient unto me. 
Strangers shall fade away, and they shall
375,myself wisely in a perfect way. O when wilt thou come unto me? I will walk within my house with a perfect heart. 
I will set no wicked thing before mine eyes: I hate the work of them that turn aside; it shall not cleave to me. 
A froward heart shall depart from me: I will not know a wicked person. 
Whoso privily slandereth his neighbour, him will I cut off: him that hath a
476,r works: their works are works of iniquity, and the act of violence is in their hands. 
Their feet run to evil, and they make haste to shed innocent blood: their thoughts are thoughts of iniquity; wasting and destruction are in their paths. 
The way of peace they know not; and there is no judgment in their goings: they have made them crooked paths: whosoever goeth therein shall not know peace. 
Therefore is judgment far from us, neither doth justice overtake us: we wait f
466,should I fast? can I bring him back again? I shall go to him, but he shall not return to me. 
And David comforted Bathsheba his wife, and went in unto her, and lay with her: and she bare a son, and he called his name Solomon: and the LORD loved him. 
And he sent by the hand of Nathan the prophet; and he called his name Jedidiah, because of the LORD. 
And Joab fought against Rabbah of the children of Ammon, and took the royal city. 
And Joab sent messengers to Da
403,ed to the saints, and do minister. 
And we desire that every one of you do shew the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end: 
That ye be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises. 
For when God made promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he sware by himself, 
Saying, Surely blessing I will bless thee, and multiplying I
471,o be carnally minded is death; but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. 
Because the carnal mind is enmity against God: for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. 
So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God. 
But ye are not in the flesh, but in the Spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his. 
And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin; but th
432,e fat of the peace offerings. 
And at that time Solomon held a feast, and all Israel with him, a great congregation, from the entering in of Hamath unto the river of Egypt, before the LORD our God, seven days and seven days, even fourteen days. 
On the eighth day he sent the people away: and they blessed the king, and went unto their tents joyful and glad of heart for all the goodness that the LORD had done for David his servant
358,, and yet is not washed from their filthiness. 
There is a generation, O how lofty are their eyes! and their eyelids are lifted up. 
There is a generation, whose teeth are as swords, and their jaw teeth as knives, to devour the poor from off the earth, and the needy from among men. 
The horseleach hath two daughters, crying, Give, give. There are three thi
359,e LORD; Behold, they whose judgment was not to drink of the cup have assuredly drunken; and art thou he that shall altogether go unpunished? thou shalt not go unpunished, but thou shalt surely drink of it. 
For I have sworn by myself, saith the LORD, that Bozrah shall become a desolation, a reproach, a waste, and a curse; and all the cities thereof shall be
431,rden of Eden to dress it and to keep it. 
And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat: 
But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die. 
And the LORD God said, It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him an help meet for him. 
And out of the ground the LORD God formed ev
433,ll also gather all nations, and will bring them down into the valley of Jehoshaphat, and will plead with them there for my people and for my heritage Israel, whom they have scattered among the nations, and parted my land. 
And they have cast lots for my people; and have given a boy for an harlot, and sold a girl for wine, that they might drink. 
Yea, and what have ye to do with me, O Tyre, and Zidon, and all the coasts of Palesti
478, blood. This is the law for her that hath born a male or a female. 
And if she be not able to bring a lamb, then she shall bring two turtles, or two young pigeons; the one for the burnt offering, and the other for a sin offering: and the priest shall make an atonement for her, and she shall be clean. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron, saying, 
When a man shall have in the skin of his flesh a rising, a scab, or bright spot, and it be in the skin of his flesh like the 
355, confound thee before them. 
For, behold, I have made thee this day a defenced city, and an iron pillar, and brasen walls against the whole land, against the kings of Judah, against the princes thereof, against the priests thereof, and against the people of the land. 
And they shall fight against thee; but they shall not prevail against thee; for I am w
363,ath spoken it. 
And it shall be said in that day, Lo, this is our God; we have waited for him, and he will save us: this is the LORD; we have waited for him, we will be glad and rejoice in his salvation. 
For in this mountain shall the hand of the LORD rest, and Moab shall be trodden down under him, even as straw is trodden down for the dunghill. 
And he shall 
335,he plain, under the springs of Pisgah. 
And Moses called all Israel, and said unto them, Hear, O Israel, the statutes and judgments which I speak in your ears this day, that ye may learn them, and keep, and do them. 
The LORD our God made a covenant with us in Horeb. 
The LORD made not this covenant with our fathers, but with us, eve
471,nd be rejected of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be slain, and be raised the third day. 
And he said to them all, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me. 
For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: but whosoever will lose his life for my sake, the same shall save it. 
For what is a man advantaged, if he gain the whole world, and lose himself, or be cast away? 
For whosoever shall be ashamed 
400,halt be perfect with the LORD thy God. 
For these nations, which thou shalt possess, hearkened unto observers of times, and unto diviners: but as for thee, the LORD thy God hath not suffered thee so to do. 
The LORD thy God will raise up unto thee a Prophet from the midst of thee, of thy brethren, like unto me; unto him ye shall hearken; 
According to all that thou desiredst of the LORD thy God in
328, said unto them, The LORD look upon you, and judge; because ye have made our savour to be abhorred in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of his servants, to put a sword in their hand to slay us. 
And Moses returned unto the LORD, and said, LORD, wherefore hast thou so evil entreated this people? why is it that thou hast sent
395,ons have I made thee. 
And I will make thee exceeding fruitful, and I will make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee. 
And I will establish my covenant between me and thee and thy seed after thee in their generations for an everlasting covenant, to be a God unto thee, and to thy seed after thee. 
And I will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land wherein thou art a s
436,eeled upon his knees three times a day, and prayed, and gave thanks before his God, as he did aforetime. 
Then these men assembled, and found Daniel praying and making supplication before his God. 
Then they came near, and spake before the king concerning the king's decree; Hast thou not signed a decree, that every man that shall ask a petition of any God or man within thirty days, save of thee, O king, shall be cast into the den of
391, and became one troop, and stood on the top of an hill. 
Then Abner called to Joab, and said, Shall the sword devour for ever? knowest thou not that it will be bitterness in the latter end? how long shall it be then, ere thou bid the people return from following their brethren? 
And Joab said, As God liveth, unless thou hadst spoken, surely then in the morning the people had gone up every
334,aster's, and he shall go out by himself. 
And if the servant shall plainly say, I love my master, my wife, and my children; I will not go out free: 
Then his master shall bring him unto the judges; he shall also bring him to the door, or unto the door post; and his master shall bore his ear through with an aul; and he shall serve hi
323,deth any like it, or whosoever putteth any of it upon a stranger, shall even be cut off from his people. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Take unto thee sweet spices, stacte, and onycha, and galbanum; these sweet spices with pure frankincense: of each shall there be a like weight: 
And thou shalt make it a perfume, a confec
438,nd for ever. 
Forasmuch as thou sawest that the stone was cut out of the mountain without hands, and that it brake in pieces the iron, the brass, the clay, the silver, and the gold; the great God hath made known to the king what shall come to pass hereafter: and the dream is certain, and the interpretation thereof sure. 
Then the king Nebuchadnezzar fell upon his face, and worshipped Daniel, and commanded that they should offer an obl
436,e feast, and said, Where is he? 
And there was much murmuring among the people concerning him: for some said, He is a good man: others said, Nay; but he deceiveth the people. 
Howbeit no man spake openly of him for fear of the Jews. 
Now about the midst of the feast Jesus went up into the temple, and taught. 
And the Jews marvelled, saying, How knoweth this man letters, having never learned? 
Jesus answered them, and said, My doctri
458,hich is in heaven give good things to them that ask him? 
Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets. 
Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat: 
Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it. 
Beware of false p
436,s, and all that they have, are come out of the land of Canaan; and, behold, they are in the land of Goshen. 
And he took some of his brethren, even five men, and presented them unto Pharaoh. 
And Pharaoh said unto his brethren, What is your occupation? And they said unto Pharaoh, Thy servants are shepherds, both we, and also our fathers. 
They said morever unto Pharaoh, For to sojourn in the land are we come; for thy servants have n
450,help us against the enemy in the way: because we had spoken unto the king, saying, The hand of our God is upon all them for good that seek him; but his power and his wrath is against all them that forsake him. 
So we fasted and besought our God for this: and he was intreated of us. 
Then I separated twelve of the chief of the priests, Sherebiah, Hashabiah, and ten of their brethren with them, 
And weighed unto them the silver, and the gold, and t
445,ined of God. 
Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation. 
For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power? do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same: 
For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain
453,hem, Know ye what I have done to you? 
Ye call me Master and Lord: and ye say well; for so I am. 
If I then, your Lord and Master, have washed your feet; ye also ought to wash one another's feet. 
For I have given you an example, that ye should do as I have done to you. 
Verily, verily, I say unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord; neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him. 
If ye know these things, happy are ye if ye do them
431, soul shall be cut off from among his people. 
Because he hath despised the word of the LORD, and hath broken his commandment, that soul shall utterly be cut off; his iniquity shall be upon him. 
And while the children of Israel were in the wilderness, they found a man that gathered sticks upon the sabbath day. 
And they that found him gathering sticks brought him unto Moses and Aaron, and unto all the congregation. 
And they p
368,
For I am jealous over you with godly jealousy: for I have espoused you to one husband, that I may present you as a chaste virgin to Christ. 
But I fear, lest by any means, as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtilty, so your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ. 
For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus, whom we have not preache
408,ll know that I am in the midst of Israel, and that I am the LORD your God, and none else: and my people shall never be ashamed. 
And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions: 
And also upon the servants and upon the handmaids in those days will I pour ou
465,
And the goat shall bear upon him all their iniquities unto a land not inhabited: and he shall let go the goat in the wilderness. 
And Aaron shall come into the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall put off the linen garments, which he put on when he went into the holy place, and shall leave them there: 
And he shall wash his flesh with water in the holy place, and put on his garments, and come forth, and offer his burnt offering, and the burnt offering of 
371, morning, as Moses bade: and it did not stink, neither was there any worm therein. 
And Moses said, Eat that to day; for to day is a sabbath unto the LORD: to day ye shall not find it in the field. 
Six days ye shall gather it; but on the seventh day, which is the sabbath, in it there shall be none. 
And it came to pass, that there went out some of the people on the se
400,halt bring unto the house of the LORD thy God. Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his mother's milk. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Write thou these words: for after the tenor of these words I have made a covenant with thee and with Israel. 
And he was there with the LORD forty days and forty nights; he did neither eat bread, nor drink water. And he wrote upon the tables the words of the covenant, the
365,fall unto you for an inheritance, even the land of Canaan with the coasts thereof:) 
Then your south quarter shall be from the wilderness of Zin along by the coast of Edom, and your south border shall be the outmost coast of the salt sea eastward: 
And your border shall turn from the south to the ascent of Akrabbim, and pass on to Zin: and the going forth thereof
343,st me behind thy back: 
Therefore, behold, I will bring evil upon the house of Jeroboam, and will cut off from Jeroboam him that pisseth against the wall, and him that is shut up and left in Israel, and will take away the remnant of the house of Jeroboam, as a man taketh away dung, till it be all gone. 
Him that dieth of Jeroboam in the city
386,let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation. 
Let us come before his presence with thanksgiving, and make a joyful noise unto him with psalms. 
For the LORD is a great God, and a great King above all gods. 
In his hand are the deep places of the earth: the strength of the hills is his also. 
The sea is his, and he made it: and his hands formed the dry land. 
O come, let u
451,l by their hand: and they dwelt in their tents throughout all the east land of Gilead. 
And the children of Gad dwelt over against them, in the land of Bashan unto Salcah: 
Joel the chief, and Shapham the next, and Jaanai, and Shaphat in Bashan. 
And their brethren of the house of their fathers were, Michael, and Meshullam, and Sheba, and Jorai, and Jachan, and Zia, and Heber, seven. 
These are the children of Abihail the son of Huri, the son of J
409, I will sing, yea, I will sing praises unto the LORD. 
Hear, O LORD, when I cry with my voice: have mercy also upon me, and answer me. 
When thou saidst, Seek ye my face; my heart said unto thee, Thy face, LORD, will I seek. 
Hide not thy face far from me; put not thy servant away in anger: thou hast been my help; leave me not, neither forsake me, O God of my salvation. 
When my father and my mother forsak
451,cherubims there appeared over them as it were a sapphire stone, as the appearance of the likeness of a throne. 
And he spake unto the man clothed with linen, and said, Go in between the wheels, even under the cherub, and fill thine hand with coals of fire from between the cherubims, and scatter them over the city. And he went in in my sight. 
Now the cherubims stood on the right side of the house, when the man went in; and the cloud filled the inn
361,prince of Meshech and Tubal: 
And I will turn thee back, and put hooks into thy jaws, and I will bring thee forth, and all thine army, horses and horsemen, all of them clothed with all sorts of armour, even a great company with bucklers and shields, all of them handling swords: 
Persia, Ethiopia, and Libya with them; all of them with shield and helmet: 
Gomer
395,raise ye the LORD. 
Praise ye the LORD. Sing unto the LORD a new song, and his praise in the congregation of saints. 
Let Israel rejoice in him that made him: let the children of Zion be joyful in their King. 
Let them praise his name in the dance: let them sing praises unto him with the timbrel and harp. 
For the LORD taketh pleasure in his people: he will beautify the meek with salvation. 

472, 
For whosoever shall do the will of my Father which is in heaven, the same is my brother, and sister, and mother. 
The same day went Jesus out of the house, and sat by the sea side. 
And great multitudes were gathered together unto him, so that he went into a ship, and sat; and the whole multitude stood on the shore. 
And he spake many things unto them in parables, saying, Behold, a sower went forth to sow; 
And when he sowed, some seeds fell by the way side, and the
345,st said. 
And he said, Swear unto me. And he sware unto him. And Israel bowed himself upon the bed's head. 
And it came to pass after these things, that one told Joseph, Behold, thy father is sick: and he took with him his two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim. 
And one told Jacob, and said, Behold, thy son Joseph cometh unto thee: and Israel strengt
409,hen the chief priests and Pharisees had heard his parables, they perceived that he spake of them. 
But when they sought to lay hands on him, they feared the multitude, because they took him for a prophet. 
And Jesus answered and spake unto them again by parables, and said, 
The kingdom of heaven is like unto a certain king, which made a marriage for his son, 
And sent forth his servants to call them that w
331, the LORD, and called it Jehovahshalom: unto this day it is yet in Ophrah of the Abiezrites. 
And it came to pass the same night, that the LORD said unto him, Take thy father's young bullock, even the second bullock of seven years old, and throw down the altar of Baal that thy father hath, and cut down the grove that is by it: 
A
330,
And thou shalt put it under the compass of the altar beneath, that the net may be even to the midst of the altar. 
And thou shalt make staves for the altar, staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with brass. 
And the staves shall be put into the rings, and the staves shall be upon the two sides of the altar, to bear it. 
Holl
379,re in the utmost corners, 
And all the kings of Arabia, and all the kings of the mingled people that dwell in the desert, 
And all the kings of Zimri, and all the kings of Elam, and all the kings of the Medes, 
And all the kings of the north, far and near, one with another, and all the kingdoms of the world, which are upon the face of the earth: and the king of Sheshach shall 
456,ad and wine also for me, and for thy handmaid, and for the young man which is with thy servants: there is no want of any thing. 
And the old man said, Peace be with thee; howsoever let all thy wants lie upon me; only lodge not in the street. 
So he brought him into his house, and gave provender unto the asses: and they washed their feet, and did eat and drink. 
Now as they were making their hearts merry, behold, the men of the city, certain sons of Bel
382, forgiven the iniquity of thy people, thou hast covered all their sin. Selah. 
Thou hast taken away all thy wrath: thou hast turned thyself from the fierceness of thine anger. 
Turn us, O God of our salvation, and cause thine anger toward us to cease. 
Wilt thou be angry with us for ever? wilt thou draw out thine anger to all generations? 
Wilt thou not revive us again: that thy 
473,l their fire be quenched; and they shall be an abhorring unto all flesh. 
The words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah, of the priests that were in Anathoth in the land of Benjamin: 
To whom the word of the LORD came in the days of Josiah the son of Amon king of Judah, in the thirteenth year of his reign. 
It came also in the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, unto the end of the eleventh year of Zedekiah the son of Josiah king of Judah, unto the carrying a
429,ves for the evils which they have committed in all their abominations. 
And they shall know that I am the LORD, and that I have not said in vain that I would do this evil unto them. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; Smite with thine hand, and stamp with thy foot, and say, Alas for all the evil abominations of the house of Israel! for they shall fall by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence. 
He that is far off shall die of 
385, ships? Asher continued on the sea shore, and abode in his breaches. 
Zebulun and Naphtali were a people that jeoparded their lives unto the death in the high places of the field. 
The kings came and fought, then fought the kings of Canaan in Taanach by the waters of Megiddo; they took no gain of money. 
They fought from heaven; the stars in their courses fought against Sisera. 
The
441,a consuming fire, even a jealous God. 
When thou shalt beget children, and children's children, and ye shall have remained long in the land, and shall corrupt yourselves, and make a graven image, or the likeness of any thing, and shall do evil in the sight of the LORD thy God, to provoke him to anger: 
I call heaven and earth to witness against you this day, that ye shall soon utterly perish from off the land whereunto ye go over Jordan 
466,e together, and led him into their council, saying, 
Art thou the Christ? tell us. And he said unto them, If I tell you, ye will not believe: 
And if I also ask you, ye will not answer me, nor let me go. 
Hereafter shall the Son of man sit on the right hand of the power of God. 
Then said they all, Art thou then the Son of God? And he said unto them, Ye say that I am. 
And they said, What need we any further witness? for we ourselves have heard of his own mouth.
438,ich hath made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light: 
Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son: 
In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins: 
Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature: 
For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisib
350,iah a despised broken idol? is he a vessel wherein is no pleasure? wherefore are they cast out, he and his seed, and are cast into a land which they know not? 
O earth, earth, earth, hear the word of the LORD. 
Thus saith the LORD, Write ye this man childless, a man that shall not prosper in his days: for no man of his seed shall prosper, sitting u
391,mercies come also unto me, O LORD, even thy salvation, according to thy word. 
So shall I have wherewith to answer him that reproacheth me: for I trust in thy word. 
And take not the word of truth utterly out of my mouth; for I have hoped in thy judgments. 
So shall I keep thy law continually for ever and ever. 
And I will walk at liberty: for I seek thy precepts. 
I will speak of thy tes
479, equality, that now at this time your abundance may be a supply for their want, that their abundance also may be a supply for your want: that there may be equality: 
As it is written, He that had gathered much had nothing over; and he that had gathered little had no lack. 
But thanks be to God, which put the same earnest care into the heart of Titus for you. 
For indeed he accepted the exhortation; but being more forward, of his own accord he went unto you. 
And we have sent
322, done, saith the Lord GOD. 
And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, prophesy against the prophets of Israel that prophesy, and say thou unto them that prophesy out of their own hearts, Hear ye the word of the LORD; 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe unto the foolish prophets, that follow their own spirit, 
410,overflowing flood, and shall overflow the land, and all that is therein; the city, and them that dwell therein: then the men shall cry, and all the inhabitants of the land shall howl. 
At the noise of the stamping of the hoofs of his strong horses, at the rushing of his chariots, and at the rumbling of his wheels, the fathers shall not look back to their children for feebleness of hands; 
Because of the day
464,ng unto them. 
And let our's also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses, that they be not unfruitful. 
All that are with me salute thee. Greet them that love us in the faith. Grace be with you all. Amen. 
Paul, a prisoner of Jesus Christ, and Timothy our brother, unto Philemon our dearly beloved, and fellowlabourer, 
And to our beloved Apphia, and Archippus our fellowsoldier, and to the church in thy house: 
Grace to you, and peace, from God our Fath
408,; Peleth, and Zaza. These were the sons of Jerahmeel. 
Now Sheshan had no sons, but daughters. And Sheshan had a servant, an Egyptian, whose name was Jarha. 
And Sheshan gave his daughter to Jarha his servant to wife; and she bare him Attai. 
And Attai begat Nathan, and Nathan begat Zabad, 
And Zabad begat Ephlal, and Ephlal begat Obed, 
And Obed begat Jehu, and Jehu begat Azariah, 
And Azariah begat Hele
360,ivision among the people because of him. 
And some of them would have taken him; but no man laid hands on him. 
Then came the officers to the chief priests and Pharisees; and they said unto them, Why have ye not brought him? 
The officers answered, Never man spake like this man. 
Then answered them the Pharisees, Are ye also deceived? 
Have any of the rulers
421,wife. 
And Abimelech said, Behold, my land is before thee: dwell where it pleaseth thee. 
And unto Sarah he said, Behold, I have given thy brother a thousand pieces of silver: behold, he is to thee a covering of the eyes, unto all that are with thee, and with all other: thus she was reproved. 
So Abraham prayed unto God: and God healed Abimelech, and his wife, and his maidservants; and they bare children. 
For the LOR
444,nto the LORD. 
And it came to pass in the days of Amraphel king of Shinar, Arioch king of Ellasar, Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of nations; 
That these made war with Bera king of Sodom, and with Birsha king of Gomorrah, Shinab king of Admah, and Shemeber king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela, which is Zoar. 
All these were joined together in the vale of Siddim, which is the salt sea. 
Twelve years they served Chedorlaomer, and 
386,postle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office: 
If by any means I may provoke to emulation them which are my flesh, and might save some of them. 
For if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall the receiving of them be, but life from the dead? 
For if the firstfruit be holy, the lump is also holy: and if the root be holy, so are the branches. 
And if some 
472,ullam, Abijah, Mijamin, 
Maaziah, Bilgai, Shemaiah: these were the priests. 
And the Levites: both Jeshua the son of Azaniah, Binnui of the sons of Henadad, Kadmiel; 
And their brethren, Shebaniah, Hodijah, Kelita, Pelaiah, Hanan, 
Micha, Rehob, Hashabiah, 
Zaccur, Sherebiah, Shebaniah, 
Hodijah, Bani, Beninu. 
The chief of the people; Parosh, Pahathmoab, Elam, Zatthu, Bani, 
Bunni, Azgad, Bebai, 
Adonijah, Bigvai, Adin, 
Ater, Hizkijah, Azzur, 
Hodijah, Hashum, Bezai
390, an Hebrew unto us to mock us; he came in unto me to lie with me, and I cried with a loud voice: 
And it came to pass, when he heard that I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled, and got him out. 
And she laid up his garment by her, until his lord came home. 
And she spake unto him according to these words, saying, The Hebrew servant, which thou hast br
364,ted up thine eyes on high? even against the Holy One of Israel. 
By thy servants hast thou reproached the Lord, and hast said, By the multitude of my chariots am I come up to the height of the mountains, to the sides of Lebanon; and I will cut down the tall cedars thereof, and the choice fir trees thereof: and I will enter into the height of his border, and the 
402,d of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob? God is not the God of the dead, but of the living. 
And when the multitude heard this, they were astonished at his doctrine. 
But when the Pharisees had heard that he had put the Sadducees to silence, they were gathered together. 
Then one of them, which was a lawyer, asked him a question, tempting him, and saying, 
Master, which is the great
320,ame to him, saying, This is a desert place, and the time is now past; send the multitude away, that they may go into the villages, and buy themselves victuals. 
But Jesus said unto them, They need not depart; give ye them to eat. 
And they say unto him, We have here but five loaves, and two fishes. 
He said, Bring them
394,lue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen of cunning work: with cherubims shall it be made: 
And thou shalt hang it upon four pillars of shittim wood overlaid with gold: their hooks shall be of gold, upon the four sockets of silver. 
And thou shalt hang up the vail under the taches, that thou mayest bring in thither within the vail the ark of the testimony: and the vail shall divid
332,ous are right: but the counsels of the wicked are deceit. 
The words of the wicked are to lie in wait for blood: but the mouth of the upright shall deliver them. 
The wicked are overthrown, and are not: but the house of the righteous shall stand. 
A man shall be commended according to his wisdom: but he that is of a perverse heart
407,ainst him shall be ashamed. 
In the LORD shall all the seed of Israel be justified, and shall glory. 
Bel boweth down, Nebo stoopeth, their idols were upon the beasts, and upon the cattle: your carriages were heavy loaden; they are a burden to the weary beast. 
They stoop, they bow down together; they could not deliver the burden, but themselves are gone into captivity. 
Hearken unto me, O house of Jacob
360,about the hole of it, as it were the hole of an habergeon, that it be not rent. 
And beneath upon the hem of it thou shalt make pomegranates of blue, and of purple, and of scarlet, round about the hem thereof; and bells of gold between them round about: 
A golden bell and a pomegranate, a golden bell and a pomegranate, upon the hem of the robe round about. 

427,otten Son, which is in the bosom of the Father, he hath declared him. 
And this is the record of John, when the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, Who art thou? 
And he confessed, and denied not; but confessed, I am not the Christ. 
And they asked him, What then? Art thou Elias? And he saith, I am not. Art thou that prophet? And he answered, No. 
Then said they unto him, Who art thou? that we may give 
476,
Hezrai the Carmelite, Paarai the Arbite, 
Igal the son of Nathan of Zobah, Bani the Gadite, 
Zelek the Ammonite, Nahari the Beerothite, armourbearer to Joab the son of Zeruiah, 
Ira an Ithrite, Gareb an Ithrite, 
Uriah the Hittite: thirty and seven in all. 
And again the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel, and he moved David against them to say, Go, number Israel and Judah. 
For the king said to Joab the captain of the host, which was with him, Go now through a
426,s thirty and five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned twenty and five years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Azubah the daughter of Shilhi. 
And he walked in all the ways of Asa his father; he turned not aside from it, doing that which was right in the eyes of the LORD: nevertheless the high places were not taken away; for the people offered and burnt incense yet in the high places. 
And Jehoshaphat mad
458,her, insomuch that there was no room to receive them, no, not so much as about the door: and he preached the word unto them. 
And they come unto him, bringing one sick of the palsy, which was borne of four. 
And when they could not come nigh unto him for the press, they uncovered the roof where he was: and when they had broken it up, they let down the bed wherein the sick of the palsy lay. 
When Jesus saw their faith, he said unto the sick of the palsy, 
336,his priest. 
In those days there was no king in Israel, but every man did that which was right in his own eyes. 
And there was a young man out of Bethlehemjudah of the family of Judah, who was a Levite, and he sojourned there. 
And the man departed out of the city from Bethlehemjudah to sojourn where he could find a place: and he came
338,d went and called the child's mother. 
And Pharaoh's daughter said unto her, Take this child away, and nurse it for me, and I will give thee thy wages. And the women took the child, and nursed it. 
And the child grew, and she brought him unto Pharaoh's daughter, and he became her son. And she called his name Moses: and she said, Because
372, desert place. 
But he said unto them, Give ye them to eat. And they said, We have no more but five loaves and two fishes; except we should go and buy meat for all this people. 
For they were about five thousand men. And he said to his disciples, Make them sit down by fifties in a company. 
And they did so, and made them all sit down. 
Then he took the five loaves and t
453,s, he looked in the liver. 
At his right hand was the divination for Jerusalem, to appoint captains, to open the mouth in the slaughter, to lift up the voice with shouting, to appoint battering rams against the gates, to cast a mount, and to build a fort. 
And it shall be unto them as a false divination in their sight, to them that have sworn oaths: but he will call to remembrance the iniquity, that they may be taken. 
Therefore thus saith the Lord 
321, this, and wipe not out my good deeds that I have done for the house of my God, and for the offices thereof. 
In those days saw I in Judah some treading wine presses on the sabbath, and bringing in sheaves, and lading asses; as also wine, grapes, and figs, and all manner of burdens, which they brought into Jerusalem on 
416,ine heart. 
Commit thy way unto the LORD; trust also in him; and he shall bring it to pass. 
And he shall bring forth thy righteousness as the light, and thy judgment as the noonday. 
Rest in the LORD, and wait patiently for him: fret not thyself because of him who prospereth in his way, because of the man who bringeth wicked devices to pass. 
Cease from anger, and forsake wrath: fret not thyself in any wise to d
378,a joyful noise unto him with psalms. 
For the LORD is a great God, and a great King above all gods. 
In his hand are the deep places of the earth: the strength of the hills is his also. 
The sea is his, and he made it: and his hands formed the dry land. 
O come, let us worship and bow down: let us kneel before the LORD our maker. 
For he is our God; and we are the people of h
395,e of Machir bare a son, and she called his name Peresh; and the name of his brother was Sheresh; and his sons were Ulam and Rakem. 
And the sons of Ulam; Bedan. These were the sons of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh. 
And his sister Hammoleketh bare Ishod, and Abiezer, and Mahalah. 
And the sons of Shemidah were, Ahian, and Shechem, and Likhi, and Aniam. 
And the sons of Ephrai
407,is brethren and all his father's house heard it, they went down thither to him. 
And every one that was in distress, and every one that was in debt, and every one that was discontented, gathered themselves unto him; and he became a captain over them: and there were with him about four hundred men. 
And David went thence to Mizpeh of Moab: and he said unto the king of Moab, Let my father and my mother, I 
445,y, and he shall let go my captives, not for price nor reward, saith the LORD of hosts. 
Thus saith the LORD, The labour of Egypt, and merchandise of Ethiopia and of the Sabeans, men of stature, shall come over unto thee, and they shall be thine: they shall come after thee; in chains they shall come over, and they shall fall down unto thee, they shall make supplication unto thee, saying, Surely God is in thee; and there is none else, there is
462,no more than that which is appointed you. 
And the soldiers likewise demanded of him, saying, And what shall we do? And he said unto them, Do violence to no man, neither accuse any falsely; and be content with your wages. 
And as the people were in expectation, and all men mused in their hearts of John, whether he were the Christ, or not; 
John answered, saying unto them all, I indeed baptize you with water; but one mightier than I cometh, the latchet of who
390, say unto him, Prophesy: and the servants did strike him with the palms of their hands. 
And as Peter was beneath in the palace, there cometh one of the maids of the high priest: 
And when she saw Peter warming himself, she looked upon him, and said, And thou also wast with Jesus of Nazareth. 
But he denied, saying, I know not, neither understand I what thou sayest. And he went out into 
347,aughters for themselves, and for their sons: so that the holy seed have mingled themselves with the people of those lands: yea, the hand of the princes and rulers hath been chief in this trespass. 
And when I heard this thing, I rent my garment and my mantle, and plucked off the hair of my head and of my beard, and sat down astonied. 
Then were 
444,d then the coast turneth westward to Aznothtabor, and goeth out from thence to Hukkok, and reacheth to Zebulun on the south side, and reacheth to Asher on the west side, and to Judah upon Jordan toward the sunrising. 
And the fenced cities are Ziddim, Zer, and Hammath, Rakkath, and Chinnereth, 
And Adamah, and Ramah, and Hazor, 
And Kedesh, and Edrei, and Enhazor, 
And Iron, and Migdalel, Horem, and Bethanath, and Bethshemesh; nineteen citi
461,ose words thou canst not understand. Surely, had I sent thee to them, they would have hearkened unto thee. 
But the house of Israel will not hearken unto thee; for they will not hearken unto me: for all the house of Israel are impudent and hardhearted. 
Behold, I have made thy face strong against their faces, and thy forehead strong against their foreheads. 
As an adamant harder than flint have I made thy forehead: fear them not, neither be dismayed at thei
418,ainst him behind the city. 
And Joshua and all Israel made as if they were beaten before them, and fled by the way of the wilderness. 
And all the people that were in Ai were called together to pursue after them: and they pursued after Joshua, and were drawn away from the city. 
And there was not a man left in Ai or Bethel, that went not out after Israel: and they left the city open, and pursued after Israel. 
And 
402,t which he hath given will he pay him again. 
Chasten thy son while there is hope, and let not thy soul spare for his crying. 
A man of great wrath shall suffer punishment: for if thou deliver him, yet thou must do it again. 
Hear counsel, and receive instruction, that thou mayest be wise in thy latter end. 
There are many devices in a man's heart; nevertheless the counsel of the LORD, that shall st
479, Let be, let us see whether Elias will come to save him. 
Jesus, when he had cried again with a loud voice, yielded up the ghost. 
And, behold, the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to the bottom; and the earth did quake, and the rocks rent; 
And the graves were opened; and many bodies of the saints which slept arose, 
And came out of the graves after his resurrection, and went into the holy city, and appeared unto many. 
Now when the centurion, and they that
326,ted great whoredom, departing from the LORD. 
So he went and took Gomer the daughter of Diblaim; which conceived, and bare him a son. 
And the LORD said unto him, Call his name Jezreel; for yet a little while, and I will avenge the blood of Jezreel upon the house of Jehu, and will cause to cease the kingdom of the house of I
335,ged Solomon his son, saying, 
I go the way of all the earth: be thou strong therefore, and shew thyself a man; 
And keep the charge of the LORD thy God, to walk in his ways, to keep his statutes, and his commandments, and his judgments, and his testimonies, as it is written in the law of Moses, that thou mayest prosper in all that th
386,oths of service, and the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office, 
And the anointing oil, and sweet incense for the holy place: according to all that I have commanded thee shall they do. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak thou also unto the children of Israel, saying, Verily my sabbaths ye shall keep: for it is 
451,nk; ye clothe you, but there is none warm; and he that earneth wages earneth wages to put it into a bag with holes. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Consider your ways. 
Go up to the mountain, and bring wood, and build the house; and I will take pleasure in it, and I will be glorified, saith the LORD. 
Ye looked for much, and, lo it came to little; and when ye brought it home, I did blow upon it. Why? saith the LORD of hosts. Because of mine house t
447,ars, and should understand with their heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them. 
But blessed are your eyes, for they see: and your ears, for they hear. 
For verily I say unto you, That many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard them. 
Hear ye therefore the parable of the sower. 
When any one heareth the word of t
336,in the LORD his God: 
Which made heaven, and earth, the sea, and all that therein is: which keepeth truth for ever: 
Which executeth judgment for the oppressed: which giveth food to the hungry. The LORD looseth the prisoners: 
The LORD openeth the eyes of the blind: the LORD raiseth them that are bowed down: the LORD loveth the righte
333,or meat, and the leaf thereof for medicine. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; This shall be the border, whereby ye shall inherit the land according to the twelve tribes of Israel: Joseph shall have two portions. 
And ye shall inherit it, one as well as another: concerning the which I lifted up mine hand to give it unto your fathers: and th
426,nor to all the house of my father: for thy servant knew nothing of all this, less or more. 
And the king said, Thou shalt surely die, Ahimelech, thou, and all thy father's house. 
And the king said unto the footmen that stood about him, Turn, and slay the priests of the LORD: because their hand also is with David, and because they knew when he fled, and did not shew it to me. But the servants of the king would not put fort
465,er with corn; they shout for joy, they also sing. 
Make a joyful noise unto God, all ye lands: 
Sing forth the honour of his name: make his praise glorious. 
Say unto God, How terrible art thou in thy works! through the greatness of thy power shall thine enemies submit themselves unto thee. 
All the earth shall worship thee, and shall sing unto thee; they shall sing to thy name. Selah. 
Come and see the works of God: he is terrible in his doing toward the child
443, behold, they shall come with speed swiftly: 
None shall be weary nor stumble among them; none shall slumber nor sleep; neither shall the girdle of their loins be loosed, nor the latchet of their shoes be broken: 
Whose arrows are sharp, and all their bows bent, their horses' hoofs shall be counted like flint, and their wheels like a whirlwind: 
Their roaring shall be like a lion, they shall roar like young lions: yea, they shall roar, and
320,at part hath he that believeth with an infidel? 
And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? for ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people. 
Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith t
424,e vessels thereof. 
Moreover all the vessels, which king Ahaz in his reign did cast away in his transgression, have we prepared and sanctified, and, behold, they are before the altar of the LORD. 
Then Hezekiah the king rose early, and gathered the rulers of the city, and went up to the house of the LORD. 
And they brought seven bullocks, and seven rams, and seven lambs, and seven he goats, for a sin offering for the kin
427, can utter the mighty acts of the LORD? who can shew forth all his praise? 
Blessed are they that keep judgment, and he that doeth righteousness at all times. 
Remember me, O LORD, with the favour that thou bearest unto thy people: O visit me with thy salvation; 
That I may see the good of thy chosen, that I may rejoice in the gladness of thy nation, that I may glory with thine inheritance. 
We have sinned with our fathers,
376,h: 
And the LORD delivered it also, and the king thereof, into the hand of Israel; and he smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were therein; he let none remain in it; but did unto the king thereof as he did unto the king of Jericho. 
And Joshua passed from Libnah, and all Israel with him, unto Lachish, and encamped against it, and fought against it: 

357,of Judah was too much for them: therefore the children of Simeon had their inheritance within the inheritance of them. 
And the third lot came up for the children of Zebulun according to their families: and the border of their inheritance was unto Sarid: 
And their border went up toward the sea, and Maralah, and reached to Dabbasheth, and reached to the r
361,he manners of the nation, which I cast out before you: for they committed all these things, and therefore I abhorred them. 
But I have said unto you, Ye shall inherit their land, and I will give it unto you to possess it, a land that floweth with milk and honey: I am the LORD your God, which have separated you from other people. 
Ye shall therefore put differ
384,h devoured thy living with harlots, thou hast killed for him the fatted calf. 
And he said unto him, Son, thou art ever with me, and all that I have is thine. 
It was meet that we should make merry, and be glad: for this thy brother was dead, and is alive again; and was lost, and is found. 
And he said also unto his disciples, There was a certain rich man, which had a steward; and 
411,he same works that I do, bear witness of me, that the Father hath sent me. 
And the Father himself, which hath sent me, hath borne witness of me. Ye have neither heard his voice at any time, nor seen his shape. 
And ye have not his word abiding in you: for whom he hath sent, him ye believe not. 
Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me. 
And ye w
407,servant justify many; for he shall bear their iniquities. 
Therefore will I divide him a portion with the great, and he shall divide the spoil with the strong; because he hath poured out his soul unto death: and he was numbered with the transgressors; and he bare the sin of many, and made intercession for the transgressors. 
Sing, O barren, thou that didst not bear; break forth into singing, and cry alou
455, not I see thee in the garden with him? 
Peter then denied again: and immediately the cock crew. 
Then led they Jesus from Caiaphas unto the hall of judgment: and it was early; and they themselves went not into the judgment hall, lest they should be defiled; but that they might eat the passover. 
Pilate then went out unto them, and said, What accusation bring ye against this man? 
They answered and said unto him, If he were not a malefactor, we would 
346,est thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not? 
But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypocrites? 
Shew me the tribute money. And they brought unto him a penny. 
And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription? 
They say unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto 
345,ined until this day. 
But I say unto you, That it shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom in the day of judgment, than for thee. 
At that time Jesus answered and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes. 
Even so, Father: for so
330,ng with harlots, thou hast killed for him the fatted calf. 
And he said unto him, Son, thou art ever with me, and all that I have is thine. 
It was meet that we should make merry, and be glad: for this thy brother was dead, and is alive again; and was lost, and is found. 
And he said also unto his disciples, There was a certain 
434, our country, to give the younger before the firstborn. 
Fulfil her week, and we will give thee this also for the service which thou shalt serve with me yet seven other years. 
And Jacob did so, and fulfilled her week: and he gave him Rachel his daughter to wife also. 
And Laban gave to Rachel his daughter Bilhah his handmaid to be her maid. 
And he went in also unto Rachel, and he loved also Rachel more than Leah, and served with
426,f vinegar: and they filled a spunge with vinegar, and put it upon hyssop, and put it to his mouth. 
When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost. 
The Jews therefore, because it was the preparation, that the bodies should not remain upon the cross on the sabbath day, (for that sabbath day was an high day,) besought Pilate that their legs might be broke
405, keep that which is committed to thy trust, avoiding profane and vain babblings, and oppositions of science falsely so called: 
Which some professing have erred concerning the faith. Grace be with thee. Amen. 
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, according to the promise of life which is in Christ Jesus, 
To Timothy, my dearly beloved son: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father an
402,ill utterly put out the remembrance of Amalek from under heaven. 
And Moses built an altar, and called the name of it Jehovahnissi: 
For he said, Because the LORD hath sworn that the LORD will have war with Amalek from generation to generation. 
When Jethro, the priest of Midian, Moses' father in law, heard of all that God had done for Moses, and for Israel his people, and that the LORD had brought 
446,ffer the bread of your God of any of these; because their corruption is in them, and blemishes be in them: they shall not be accepted for you. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
When a bullock, or a sheep, or a goat, is brought forth, then it shall be seven days under the dam; and from the eighth day and thenceforth it shall be accepted for an offering made by fire unto the LORD. 
And whether it be cow, or ewe, ye shall not kill it and 
430,Zidon, and prophesy against it, 
And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Zidon; and I will be glorified in the midst of thee: and they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall have executed judgments in her, and shall be sanctified in her. 
For I will send into her pestilence, and blood into her streets; and the wounded shall be judged in the midst of her by the sword upon her on every side; and they 
376,en for the most holy place. 
And the house, that is, the temple before it, was forty cubits long. 
And the cedar of the house within was carved with knops and open flowers: all was cedar; there was no stone seen. 
And the oracle he prepared in the house within, to set there the ark of the covenant of the LORD. 
And the oracle in the forepart was twenty cubits in length, and
436, whose prospect is toward the east. 
So the spirit took me up, and brought me into the inner court; and, behold, the glory of the LORD filled the house. 
And I heard him speaking unto me out of the house; and the man stood by me. 
And he said unto me, Son of man, the place of my throne, and the place of the soles of my feet, where I will dwell in the midst of the children of Israel for ever, and my holy name, shall the house of Isra
390,f sound words, which thou hast heard of me, in faith and love which is in Christ Jesus. 
That good thing which was committed unto thee keep by the Holy Ghost which dwelleth in us. 
This thou knowest, that all they which are in Asia be turned away from me; of whom are Phygellus and Hermogenes. 
The Lord give mercy unto the house of Onesiphorus; for he oft refreshed me, and was not ashamed
393,ul. 
At that time shall it be said to this people and to Jerusalem, A dry wind of the high places in the wilderness toward the daughter of my people, not to fan, nor to cleanse, 
Even a full wind from those places shall come unto me: now also will I give sentence against them. 
Behold, he shall come up as clouds, and his chariots shall be as a whirlwind: his horses are swifter than eagles. 
389, 
To perform the mercy promised to our fathers, and to remember his holy covenant; 
The oath which he sware to our father Abraham, 
That he would grant unto us, that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies might serve him without fear, 
In holiness and righteousness before him, all the days of our life. 
And thou, child, shalt be called the prophet of the Highest: for thou sha
340,unto thee, O Lord, do I lift up my soul. 
For thou, Lord, art good, and ready to forgive; and plenteous in mercy unto all them that call upon thee. 
Give ear, O LORD, unto my prayer; and attend to the voice of my supplications. 
In the day of my trouble I will call upon thee: for thou wilt answer me. 
Among the gods there is none like unt
331,rd. 
Then said Achish unto his servants, Lo, ye see the man is mad: wherefore then have ye brought him to me? 
Have I need of mad men, that ye have brought this fellow to play the mad man in my presence? shall this fellow come into my house? 
David therefore departed thence, and escaped to the cave Adullam: and when his brethren 
433, passover at thy house with my disciples. 
And the disciples did as Jesus had appointed them; and they made ready the passover. 
Now when the even was come, he sat down with the twelve. 
And as they did eat, he said, Verily I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me. 
And they were exceeding sorrowful, and began every one of them to say unto him, Lord, is it I? 
And he answered and said, He that dippeth his hand with me in t
325,again those things which ye do hear and see: 
The blind receive their sight, and the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, and the deaf hear, the dead are raised up, and the poor have the gospel preached to them. 
And blessed is he, whosoever shall not be offended in me. 
And as they departed, Jesus began to say unto the mult
446,Then the steward said within himself, What shall I do? for my lord taketh away from me the stewardship: I cannot dig; to beg I am ashamed. 
I am resolved what to do, that, when I am put out of the stewardship, they may receive me into their houses. 
So he called every one of his lord's debtors unto him, and said unto the first, How much owest thou unto my lord? 
And he said, An hundred measures of oil. And he said unto him, Take thy bill, and
477, laid waste shall be desolate forty years: and I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and will disperse them through the countries. 
Yet thus saith the Lord GOD; At the end of forty years will I gather the Egyptians from the people whither they were scattered: 
And I will bring again the captivity of Egypt, and will cause them to return into the land of Pathros, into the land of their habitation; and they shall be there a base kingdom. 
It shall be the basest of t
435,gth is in his loins, and his force is in the navel of his belly. 
He moveth his tail like a cedar: the sinews of his stones are wrapped together. 
His bones are as strong pieces of brass; his bones are like bars of iron. 
He is the chief of the ways of God: he that made him can make his sword to approach unto him. 
Surely the mountains bring him forth food, where all the beasts of the field play. 
He lieth under the shady trees, in
336,d they to you: 
Know for a certainty that the LORD your God will no more drive out any of these nations from before you; but they shall be snares and traps unto you, and scourges in your sides, and thorns in your eyes, until ye perish from off this good land which the LORD your God hath given you. 
And, behold, this day I am going the
470, over the host; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud, recorder. 
And Zadok the son of Ahitub, and Abimelech the son of Abiathar, were the priests; and Shavsha was scribe; 
And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the Cherethites and the Pelethites; and the sons of David were chief about the king. 
Now it came to pass after this, that Nahash the king of the children of Ammon died, and his son reigned in his stead. 
And David said, I will shew kindness unto Hanun the son
384,man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God. 
And the devil, taking him up into an high mountain, shewed unto him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time. 
And the devil said unto him, All this power will I give thee, and the glory of them: for that is delivered unto me; and to whomsoever I will I give it. 
If thou therefore wilt worship me, all shall be t
363,s? only let us consent unto them, and they will dwell with us. 
And unto Hamor and unto Shechem his son hearkened all that went out of the gate of his city; and every male was circumcised, all that went out of the gate of his city. 
And it came to pass on the third day, when they were sore, that two of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, Dinah's brethren, took 
325,parateth himself from me, and setteth up his idols in his heart, and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face, and cometh to a prophet to enquire of him concerning me; I the LORD will answer him by myself: 
And I will set my face against that man, and will make him a sign and a proverb, and I will cut him 
335,d, Thou shalt not go forth: for if we flee away, they will not care for us; neither if half of us die, will they care for us: but now thou art worth ten thousand of us: therefore now it is better that thou succour us out of the city. 
And the king said unto them, What seemeth you best I will do. And the king stood by the gate side, a
417,of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet. 
For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty. 
Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame. 
And he gathered them together into a place cal
475,ar even unto the end of the year. 
And it shall come to pass, if ye shall hearken diligently unto my commandments which I command you this day, to love the LORD your God, and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul, 
That I will give you the rain of your land in his due season, the first rain and the latter rain, that thou mayest gather in thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil. 
And I will send grass in thy fields for thy cattle, that thou mayest eat and 
326, was told him by certain which said, Thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to see thee. 
And he answered and said unto them, My mother and my brethren are these which hear the word of God, and do it. 
Now it came to pass on a certain day, that he went into a ship with his disciples: and he said unto them, Let u
409,Manasseh the son of Joseph by their families. 
But Zelophehad, the son of Hepher, the son of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh, had no sons, but daughters: and these are the names of his daughters, Mahlah, and Noah, Hoglah, Milcah, and Tirzah. 
And they came near before Eleazar the priest, and before Joshua the son of Nun, and before the princes, saying, The LORD commanded Moses to give us an 
421,mandments, and his judgments, and his testimonies, as it is written in the law of Moses, that thou mayest prosper in all that thou doest, and whithersoever thou turnest thyself: 
That the LORD may continue his word which he spake concerning me, saying, If thy children take heed to their way, to walk before me in truth with all their heart and with all their soul, there shall not fail thee (said he) a man on the throne
332, a branch. 
He that troubleth his own house shall inherit the wind: and the fool shall be servant to the wise of heart. 
The fruit of the righteous is a tree of life; and he that winneth souls is wise. 
Behold, the righteous shall be recompensed in the earth: much more the wicked and the sinner. 
Whoso loveth instruction loveth kn
364, is with thee. 
And it came to pass the same night, that the word of God came to Nathan, saying, 
Go and tell David my servant, Thus saith the LORD, Thou shalt not build me an house to dwell in: 
For I have not dwelt in an house since the day that I brought up Israel unto this day; but have gone from tent to tent, and from one tabernacle to another. 
Wheresoever
465,th the LORD of the king that sitteth upon the throne of David, and of all the people that dwelleth in this city, and of your brethren that are not gone forth with you into captivity; 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Behold, I will send upon them the sword, the famine, and the pestilence, and will make them like vile figs, that cannot be eaten, they are so evil. 
And I will persecute them with the sword, with the famine, and with the pestilence, and will deliver t
369,ashum, three hundred twenty and eight. 
The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and four. 
The children of Hariph, an hundred and twelve. 
The children of Gibeon, ninety and five. 
The men of Bethlehem and Netophah, an hundred fourscore and eight. 
The men of Anathoth, an hundred twenty and eight. 
The men of Bethazmaveth, forty and two. 
The men of Kirjathjearim
362,
And Pharaoh's daughter said to her, Go. And the maid went and called the child's mother. 
And Pharaoh's daughter said unto her, Take this child away, and nurse it for me, and I will give thee thy wages. And the women took the child, and nursed it. 
And the child grew, and she brought him unto Pharaoh's daughter, and he became her son. And she called his name 
455, may put to silence the ignorance of foolish men: 
As free, and not using your liberty for a cloke of maliciousness, but as the servants of God. 
Honour all men. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honour the king. 
Servants, be subject to your masters with all fear; not only to the good and gentle, but also to the froward. 
For this is thankworthy, if a man for conscience toward God endure grief, suffering wrongfully. 
For what glory is it, if, when ye b
407, that we sought him not after the due order. 
So the priests and the Levites sanctified themselves to bring up the ark of the LORD God of Israel. 
And the children of the Levites bare the ark of God upon their shoulders with the staves thereon, as Moses commanded according to the word of the LORD. 
And David spake to the chief of the Levites to appoint their brethren to be the singers with instruments of
370,sore, upon Egypt, upon Pharaoh, and upon all his household, before our eyes: 
And he brought us out from thence, that he might bring us in, to give us the land which he sware unto our fathers. 
And the LORD commanded us to do all these statutes, to fear the LORD our God, for our good always, that he might preserve us alive, as it is at this day. 
And it shall be our r
397,ired, they set bread before him, and he did eat. 
Then said his servants unto him, What thing is this that thou hast done? thou didst fast and weep for the child, while it was alive; but when the child was dead, thou didst rise and eat bread. 
And he said, While the child was yet alive, I fasted and wept: for I said, Who can tell whether GOD will be gracious to me, that the child may live? 
But
327,in the days of evil, when the iniquity of my heels shall compass me about? 
They that trust in their wealth, and boast themselves in the multitude of their riches; 
None of them can by any means redeem his brother, nor give to God a ransom for him: 
(For the redemption of their soul is precious, and it ceaseth for ever:) 
Tha
329,orites, that were beyond Jordan, to Sihon king of Heshbon, and to Og king of Bashan, which was at Ashtaroth. 
Wherefore our elders and all the inhabitants of our country spake to us, saying, Take victuals with you for the journey, and go to meet them, and say unto them, We are your servants: therefore now make ye a league with 
420,the man that came into thine house, that we may know him. 
And the man, the master of the house, went out unto them, and said unto them, Nay, my brethren, nay, I pray you, do not so wickedly; seeing that this man is come into mine house, do not this folly. 
Behold, here is my daughter a maiden, and his concubine; them I will bring out now, and humble ye them, and do with them what seemeth good unto you: but unto this
471,peace for her, and there is no peace, saith the Lord GOD. 
Likewise, thou son of man, set thy face against the daughters of thy people, which prophesy out of their own heart; and prophesy thou against them, 
And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe to the women that sew pillows to all armholes, and make kerchiefs upon the head of every stature to hunt souls! Will ye hunt the souls of my people, and will ye save the souls alive that come unto you? 
And will ye pollute me
337, the priesthood. 
And the Tirshatha said unto them, that they should not eat of the most holy things, till there stood up a priest with Urim and with Thummim. 
The whole congregation together was forty and two thousand three hundred and threescore, 
Beside their servants and their maids, of whom there were seven thousand three hundred 
363,ow in the womb of her that is with child: even so thou knowest not the works of God who maketh all. 
In the morning sow thy seed, and in the evening withhold not thine hand: for thou knowest not whether shall prosper, either this or that, or whether they both shall be alike good. 
Truly the light is sweet, and a pleasant thing it is for the eyes to behold the s
360,h the LORD, Even the carcases of men shall fall as dung upon the open field, and as the handful after the harvestman, and none shall gather them. 
Thus saith the LORD, Let not the wise man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in his might, let not the rich man glory in his riches: 
But let him that glorieth glory in this, that he understande
465, that he will not give to any of them of the flesh of his children whom he shall eat: because he hath nothing left him in the siege, and in the straitness, wherewith thine enemies shall distress thee in all thy gates. 
The tender and delicate woman among you, which would not adventure to set the sole of her foot upon the ground for delicateness and tenderness, her eye shall be evil toward the husband of her bosom, and toward her son, and toward her daughter, 
A
354, water gate eastward. 
And the other company of them that gave thanks went over against them, and I after them, and the half of the people upon the wall, from beyond the tower of the furnaces even unto the broad wall; 
And from above the gate of Ephraim, and above the old gate, and above the fish gate, and the tower of Hananeel, and the tower of Meah, 
405,lour. 
And Abijah stood up upon mount Zemaraim, which is in mount Ephraim, and said, Hear me, thou Jeroboam, and all Israel; 
Ought ye not to know that the LORD God of Israel gave the kingdom over Israel to David for ever, even to him and to his sons by a covenant of salt? 
Yet Jeroboam the son of Nebat, the servant of Solomon the son of David, is risen up, and hath rebelled against his lord. 
And ther
388,field until even, and beat out that she had gleaned: and it was about an ephah of barley. 
And she took it up, and went into the city: and her mother in law saw what she had gleaned: and she brought forth, and gave to her that she had reserved after she was sufficed. 
And her mother in law said unto her, Where hast thou gleaned to day? and where wroughtest thou? blessed be he that did 
388,d were baptized: and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls. 
And they continued stedfastly in the apostles' doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers. 
And fear came upon every soul: and many wonders and signs were done by the apostles. 
And all that believed were together, and had all things common; 
And sold their possessions and g
397,may know that, as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee. 
And thou shalt command the priests that bear the ark of the covenant, saying, When ye are come to the brink of the water of Jordan, ye shall stand still in Jordan. 
And Joshua said unto the children of Israel, Come hither, and hear the words of the LORD your God. 
And Joshua said, Hereby ye shall know that the living God is among you,
320,lower of Lebanon languisheth. 
The mountains quake at him, and the hills melt, and the earth is burned at his presence, yea, the world, and all that dwell therein. 
Who can stand before his indignation? and who can abide in the fierceness of his anger? his fury is poured out like fire, and the rocks are thrown down by 
364,and worship him that liveth for ever and ever, and cast their crowns before the throne, saying, 
Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honour and power: for thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they are and were created. 
And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside, sealed with seven s
381,halt be like a watered garden, and like a spring of water, whose waters fail not. 
And they that shall be of thee shall build the old waste places: thou shalt raise up the foundations of many generations; and thou shalt be called, The repairer of the breach, The restorer of paths to dwell in. 
If thou turn away thy foot from the sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; a
409,ession of a buryingplace by the sons of Heth. 
And Abraham was old, and well stricken in age: and the LORD had blessed Abraham in all things. 
And Abraham said unto his eldest servant of his house, that ruled over all that he had, Put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh: 
And I will make thee swear by the LORD, the God of heaven, and the God of the earth, that thou shalt not take a wife unto my son of th
396, came unto me, saying, The city is smitten. 
Now the hand of the LORD was upon me in the evening, afore he that was escaped came; and had opened my mouth, until he came to me in the morning; and my mouth was opened, and I was no more dumb. 
Then the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, they that inhabit those wastes of the land of Israel speak, saying, Abraham was one, and he in
433,wear our own apparel: only let us be called by thy name, to take away our reproach. 
In that day shall the branch of the LORD be beautiful and glorious, and the fruit of the earth shall be excellent and comely for them that are escaped of Israel. 
And it shall come to pass, that he that is left in Zion, and he that remaineth in Jerusalem, shall be called holy, even every one that is written among the living in Jerusalem: 
When th
335,f Pharaoh: 
And Jethro, Moses' father in law, came with his sons and his wife unto Moses into the wilderness, where he encamped at the mount of God: 
And he said unto Moses, I thy father in law Jethro am come unto thee, and thy wife, and her two sons with her. 
And Moses went out to meet his father in law, and did obeisance, and kiss
384,, Go, fall upon him. 
And Benaiah came to the tabernacle of the LORD, and said unto him, Thus saith the king, Come forth. And he said, Nay; but I will die here. And Benaiah brought the king word again, saying, Thus said Joab, and thus he answered me. 
And the king said unto him, Do as he hath said, and fall upon him, and bury him; that thou mayest take away the innocent blood, whic
328,the affliction of Egypt unto the land of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, unto a land flowing with milk and honey. 
And they shall hearken to thy voice: and thou shalt come, thou and the elders of Israel, unto the king of Egypt, and ye shall say unto hi
474,s by great waters. 
The cedars in the garden of God could not hide him: the fir trees were not like his boughs, and the chestnut trees were not like his branches; nor any tree in the garden of God was like unto him in his beauty. 
I have made him fair by the multitude of his branches: so that all the trees of Eden, that were in the garden of God, envied him. 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou hast lifted up thyself in height, and he hath shot up his top am
469,n again with me, that I may worship the LORD. 
And Samuel said unto Saul, I will not return with thee: for thou hast rejected the word of the LORD, and the LORD hath rejected thee from being king over Israel. 
And as Samuel turned about to go away, he laid hold upon the skirt of his mantle, and it rent. 
And Samuel said unto him, The LORD hath rent the kingdom of Israel from thee this day, and hath given it to a neighbour of thine, that is better than thou. 
And al
441, a long time; and the Egyptians vexed us, and our fathers: 
And when we cried unto the LORD, he heard our voice, and sent an angel, and hath brought us forth out of Egypt: and, behold, we are in Kadesh, a city in the uttermost of thy border: 
Let us pass, I pray thee, through thy country: we will not pass through the fields, or through the vineyards, neither will we drink of the water of the wells: we will go by the king's high way, we w
390,jah; and the soul of the child came into him again, and he revived. 
And Elijah took the child, and brought him down out of the chamber into the house, and delivered him unto his mother: and Elijah said, See, thy son liveth. 
And the woman said to Elijah, Now by this I know that thou art a man of God, and that the word of the LORD in thy mouth is truth. 
And it came to pass after many da
439, armour, and all that was found in his treasures: there was nothing in his house, nor in all his dominion, that Hezekiah shewed them not. 
Then came Isaiah the prophet unto king Hezekiah, and said unto him, What said these men? and from whence came they unto thee? And Hezekiah said, They are come from a far country unto me, even from Babylon. 
Then said he, What have they seen in thine house? And Hezekiah answered, All that is in mine 
355,thee: 
And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great; and thou shalt be a blessing: 
And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed. 
So Abram departed, as the LORD had spoken unto him; and Lot went with him: and Abram was seventy and
390,d, and the grasshopper after his kind. 
But all other flying creeping things, which have four feet, shall be an abomination unto you. 
And for these ye shall be unclean: whosoever toucheth the carcase of them shall be unclean until the even. 
And whosoever beareth ought of the carcase of them shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even. 
The carcases of every beast which divide
457,rve gods, the work of men's hands, wood and stone, which neither see, nor hear, nor eat, nor smell. 
But if from thence thou shalt seek the LORD thy God, thou shalt find him, if thou seek him with all thy heart and with all thy soul. 
When thou art in tribulation, and all these things are come upon thee, even in the latter days, if thou turn to the LORD thy God, and shalt be obedient unto his voice; 
(For the LORD thy God is a merciful God;) he will not
463,in mount Gilboa. 
And the Philistines followed hard after Saul, and after his sons; and the Philistines slew Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, the sons of Saul. 
And the battle went sore against Saul, and the archers hit him, and he was wounded of the archers. 
Then said Saul to his armourbearer, Draw thy sword, and thrust me through therewith; lest these uncircumcised come and abuse me. But his armourbearer would not; for he was sore afraid. So Saul to
476, 
That they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us: 
For in him we live, and move, and have our being; as certain also of your own poets have said, For we are also his offspring. 
Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man's device. 
And the times of this ignorance God winked at; but now command
343,lver. 
And that which the rest of the people gave was twenty thousand drams of gold, and two thousand pound of silver, and threescore and seven priests' garments. 
So the priests, and the Levites, and the porters, and the singers, and some of the people, and the Nethinims, and all Israel, dwelt in their cities; and when the seventh month cam
365,e inhabitants of Palestina. 
Then the dukes of Edom shall be amazed; the mighty men of Moab, trembling shall take hold upon them; all the inhabitants of Canaan shall melt away. 
Fear and dread shall fall upon them; by the greatness of thine arm they shall be as still as a stone; till thy people pass over, O LORD, till the people pass over, which thou hast purchas
399,d his arm shall be on the Chaldeans. 
I, even I, have spoken; yea, I have called him: I have brought him, and he shall make his way prosperous. 
Come ye near unto me, hear ye this; I have not spoken in secret from the beginning; from the time that it was, there am I: and now the Lord GOD, and his Spirit, hath sent me. 
Thus saith the LORD, thy Redeemer, the Holy One of Israel; I am the LORD thy G
392,is face, and besought him, saying, Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me clean. 
And he put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will: be thou clean. And immediately the leprosy departed from him. 
And he charged him to tell no man: but go, and shew thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing, according as Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them. 
But so much the more went
383,ed back again to Jerusalem, seeking him. 
And it came to pass, that after three days they found him in the temple, sitting in the midst of the doctors, both hearing them, and asking them questions. 
And all that heard him were astonished at his understanding and answers. 
And when they saw him, they were amazed: and his mother said unto him, Son, why hast thou thus dealt with us? 
370,eth, and wherewith thou mightest be bound to afflict thee. 
And Samson said unto her, If they bind me with seven green withs that were never dried, then shall I be weak, and be as another man. 
Then the lords of the Philistines brought up to her seven green withs which had not been dried, and she bound him with them. 
Now there were men lying in wait, abiding with her
444, unto all his ways, whose heart thou knowest; (for thou only knowest the hearts of the children of men:) 
That they may fear thee, to walk in thy ways, so long as they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers. 
Moreover concerning the stranger, which is not of thy people Israel, but is come from a far country for thy great name's sake, and thy mighty hand, and thy stretched out arm; if they come and pray in this house; 
Then hear
376,d, I make myself a transgressor. 
For I through the law am dead to the law, that I might live unto God. 
I am crucified with Christ: neverthless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me: and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me. 
I do not frustrate the grace of God: for if righteousness come by
386,lesh pots, and when we did eat bread to the full; for ye have brought us forth into this wilderness, to kill this whole assembly with hunger. 
Then said the LORD unto Moses, Behold, I will rain bread from heaven for you; and the people shall go out and gather a certain rate every day, that I may prove them, whether they will walk in my law, or no. 
And it shall come to pass, that on 
354,at chanceth him by night, then shall he go abroad out of the camp, he shall not come within the camp: 
But it shall be, when evening cometh on, he shall wash himself with water: and when the sun is down, he shall come into the camp again. 
Thou shalt have a place also without the camp, whither thou shalt go forth abroad: 
And thou shalt have a paddle u
353,at they might reproach me. 
My God, think thou upon Tobiah and Sanballat according to these their works, and on the prophetess Noadiah, and the rest of the prophets, that would have put me in fear. 
So the wall was finished in the twenty and fifth day of the month Elul, in fifty and two days. 
And it came to pass, that when all our enemies heard there
335,m me: nevertheless not what I will, but what thou wilt. 
And he cometh, and findeth them sleeping, and saith unto Peter, Simon, sleepest thou? couldest not thou watch one hour? 
Watch ye and pray, lest ye enter into temptation. The spirit truly is ready, but the flesh is weak. 
And again he went away, and prayed, and spake the same w
472,hers, and shall scatter them beyond the river, because they have made their groves, provoking the LORD to anger. 
And he shall give Israel up because of the sins of Jeroboam, who did sin, and who made Israel to sin. 
And Jeroboam's wife arose, and departed, and came to Tirzah: and when she came to the threshold of the door, the child died; 
And they buried him; and all Israel mourned for him, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by the hand of his servant
329,fering upon the altar. And when the burnt offering began, the song of the LORD began also with the trumpets, and with the instruments ordained by David king of Israel. 
And all the congregation worshipped, and the singers sang, and the trumpeters sounded: and all this continued until the burnt offering was finished. 
And when t
419,e vision concerning the daily sacrifice, and the transgression of desolation, to give both the sanctuary and the host to be trodden under foot? 
And he said unto me, Unto two thousand and three hundred days; then shall the sanctuary be cleansed. 
And it came to pass, when I, even I Daniel, had seen the vision, and sought for the meaning, then, behold, there stood before me as the appearance of a man. 
And I heard a 
426,to you: for I trust to see you in my journey, and to be brought on my way thitherward by you, if first I be somewhat filled with your company. 
But now I go unto Jerusalem to minister unto the saints. 
For it hath pleased them of Macedonia and Achaia to make a certain contribution for the poor saints which are at Jerusalem. 
It hath pleased them verily; and their debtors they are. For if the Gentiles have been made partake
428,it I? and another said, Is it I? 
And he answered and said unto them, It is one of the twelve, that dippeth with me in the dish. 
The Son of man indeed goeth, as it is written of him: but woe to that man by whom the Son of man is betrayed! good were it for that man if he had never been born. 
And as they did eat, Jesus took bread, and blessed, and brake it, and gave to them, and said, Take, eat: this is my body. 
And he took
450, above the throne of the kings that were with him in Babylon, 
And changed his prison garments: and he did continually eat bread before him all the days of his life. 
And for his diet, there was a continual diet given him of the king of Babylon, every day a portion until the day of his death, all the days of his life. 
How doth the city sit solitary, that was full of people! how is she become as a widow! she that was great among the nations, and 
406, 
And the LORD God prepared a gourd, and made it to come up over Jonah, that it might be a shadow over his head, to deliver him from his grief. So Jonah was exceeding glad of the gourd. 
But God prepared a worm when the morning rose the next day, and it smote the gourd that it withered. 
And it came to pass, when the sun did arise, that God prepared a vehement east wind; and the sun beat upon the head o
442,d Jokneam: 
The son of Geber, in Ramothgilead; to him pertained the towns of Jair the son of Manasseh, which are in Gilead; to him also pertained the region of Argob, which is in Bashan, threescore great cities with walls and brasen bars: 
Ahinadab the son of Iddo had Mahanaim: 
Ahimaaz was in Naphtali; he also took Basmath the daughter of Solomon to wife: 
Baanah the son of Hushai was in Asher and in Aloth: 
Jehoshaphat the son of Paruah
377,of the living: I shall behold man no more with the inhabitants of the world. 
Mine age is departed, and is removed from me as a shepherd's tent: I have cut off like a weaver my life: he will cut me off with pining sickness: from day even to night wilt thou make an end of me. 
I reckoned till morning, that, as a lion, so will he break all my bones: from day even to night wilt
444,od up for it, four kingdoms shall stand up out of the nation, but not in his power. 
And in the latter time of their kingdom, when the transgressors are come to the full, a king of fierce countenance, and understanding dark sentences, shall stand up. 
And his power shall be mighty, but not by his own power: and he shall destroy wonderfully, and shall prosper, and practise, and shall destroy the mighty and the holy people. 
And through his p
368, drave before those other cattle, and said, This is David's spoil. 
And David came to the two hundred men, which were so faint that they could not follow David, whom they had made also to abide at the brook Besor: and they went forth to meet David, and to meet the people that were with him: and when David came near to the people, he saluted them. 
Then answered all 
457, iron, the clay, the brass, the silver, and the gold, broken to pieces together, and became like the chaff of the summer threshingfloors; and the wind carried them away, that no place was found for them: and the stone that smote the image became a great mountain, and filled the whole earth. 
This is the dream; and we will tell the interpretation thereof before the king. 
Thou, O king, art a king of kings: for the God of heaven hath given thee a kingdom,
423,e wind, and they shall reap the whirlwind: it hath no stalk; the bud shall yield no meal: if so be it yield, the strangers shall swallow it up. 
Israel is swallowed up: now shall they be among the Gentiles as a vessel wherein is no pleasure. 
For they are gone up to Assyria, a wild ass alone by himself: Ephraim hath hired lovers. 
Yea, though they have hired among the nations, now will I gather them, and they shall sorr
397,e LORD, that dwelleth between the cherubims, whose name is called on it. 
And they carried the ark of God in a new cart out of the house of Abinadab: and Uzza and Ahio drave the cart. 
And David and all Israel played before God with all their might, and with singing, and with harps, and with psalteries, and with timbrels, and with cymbals, and with trumpets. 
And when they came unto the threshi
320,ttest thine hand unto; and he shall bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee. 
The LORD shall establish thee an holy people unto himself, as he hath sworn unto thee, if thou shalt keep the commandments of the LORD thy God, and walk in his ways. 
And all people of the earth shall see that thou art calle
439, in the sight of the LORD, like unto the abominations of the heathen, whom the LORD had cast out before the children of Israel. 
For he built again the high places which Hezekiah his father had broken down, and he reared up altars for Baalim, and made groves, and worshipped all the host of heaven, and served them. 
Also he built altars in the house of the LORD, whereof the LORD had said, In Jerusalem shall my name be for ever. 
And he 
323, found even to fight against God. 
And to him they agreed: and when they had called the apostles, and beaten them, they commanded that they should not speak in the name of Jesus, and let them go. 
And they departed from the presence of the council, rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer shame for his name. 
And
364,ho shall also confirm you unto the end, that ye may be blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ. 
God is faithful, by whom ye were called unto the fellowship of his Son Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you; but that ye be perfectl
331,s the length, and the height in the breadth was five cubits, answerable to the hangings of the court. 
And their pillars were four, and their sockets of brass four; their hooks of silver, and the overlaying of their chapiters and their fillets of silver. 
And all the pins of the tabernacle, and of the court round about, were of b
424, waters. 
He restoreth my soul: he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake. 
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me. 
Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over. 
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my
341, I command thee this day: 
Lest when thou hast eaten and art full, and hast built goodly houses, and dwelt therein; 
And when thy herds and thy flocks multiply, and thy silver and thy gold is multiplied, and all that thou hast is multiplied; 
Then thine heart be lifted up, and thou forget the LORD thy God, which brought thee forth out of t
344,ll bless her, and she shall be a mother of nations; kings of people shall be of her. 
Then Abraham fell upon his face, and laughed, and said in his heart, Shall a child be born unto him that is an hundred years old? and shall Sarah, that is ninety years old, bear? 
And Abraham said unto God, O that Ishmael might live before thee! 
And God sai
395,his brother pursued after Sheba the son of Bichri. 
And one of Joab's men stood by him, and said, He that favoureth Joab, and he that is for David, let him go after Joab. 
And Amasa wallowed in blood in the midst of the highway. And when the man saw that all the people stood still, he removed Amasa out of the highway into the field, and cast a cloth upon him, when he saw that every one that c
335,D spake unto Joshua, saying, 
Take you twelve men out of the people, out of every tribe a man, 
And command ye them, saying, Take you hence out of the midst of Jordan, out of the place where the priests' feet stood firm, twelve stones, and ye shall carry them over with you, and leave them in the lodging place, where ye shall lodge th
357,, and in the house of the king of Judah and of Jerusalem; 
They shall be carried to Babylon, and there shall they be until the day that I visit them, saith the LORD; then will I bring them up, and restore them to this place. 
And it came to pass the same year, in the beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king of Judah, in the fourth year, and in the fifth mo
473,lace of rest. 
There shall the great owl make her nest, and lay, and hatch, and gather under her shadow: there shall the vultures also be gathered, every one with her mate. 
Seek ye out of the book of the LORD, and read: no one of these shall fail, none shall want her mate: for my mouth it hath commanded, and his spirit it hath gathered them. 
And he hath cast the lot for them, and his hand hath divided it unto them by line: they shall possess it for ever, from generat
398,nd say ye to Amasa, Art thou not of my bone, and of my flesh? God do so to me, and more also, if thou be not captain of the host before me continually in the room of Joab. 
And he bowed the heart of all the men of Judah, even as the heart of one man; so that they sent this word unto the king, Return thou, and all thy servants. 
So the king returned, and came to Jordan. And Judah came to Gilgal, 
398,ejoice over them to do them good, and I will plant them in this land assuredly with my whole heart and with my whole soul. 
For thus saith the LORD; Like as I have brought all this great evil upon this people, so will I bring upon them all the good that I have promised them. 
And fields shall be bought in this land, whereof ye say, It is desolate without man or beast; it is given into the hand o
380,also certain of the disciples of Caesarea, and brought with them one Mnason of Cyprus, an old disciple, with whom we should lodge. 
And when we were come to Jerusalem, the brethren received us gladly. 
And the day following Paul went in with us unto James; and all the elders were present. 
And when he had saluted them, he declared particularly what things God had wrought among 
356, the righteousness of God without the law is manifested, being witnessed by the law and the prophets; 
Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe: for there is no difference: 
For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God; 
Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption th
327,the wilderness. 
And when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of Chanaan, he divided their land to them by lot. 
And after that he gave unto them judges about the space of four hundred and fifty years, until Samuel the prophet. 
And afterward they desired a king: and God gave unto them Saul the son of Cis, a man of the
411,enhadad, Tell my lord the king, All that thou didst send for to thy servant at the first I will do: but this thing I may not do. And the messengers departed, and brought him word again. 
And Benhadad sent unto him, and said, The gods do so unto me, and more also, if the dust of Samaria shall suffice for handfuls for all the people that follow me. 
And the king of Israel answered and said, Tell him, Let not h
442,row after the seventh sabbath shall ye number fifty days; and ye shall offer a new meat offering unto the LORD. 
Ye shall bring out of your habitations two wave loaves of two tenth deals; they shall be of fine flour; they shall be baken with leaven; they are the firstfruits unto the LORD. 
And ye shall offer with the bread seven lambs without blemish of the first year, and one young bullock, and two rams: they shall be for a burnt offerin
433,ed them, and they died before the LORD. 
Then Moses said unto Aaron, This is it that the LORD spake, saying, I will be sanctified in them that come nigh me, and before all the people I will be glorified. And Aaron held his peace. 
And Moses called Mishael and Elzaphan, the sons of Uzziel the uncle of Aaron, and said unto them, Come near, carry your brethren from before the sanctuary out of the camp. 
So they went near, and carrie
445,m be taken in the devices that they have imagined. 
For the wicked boasteth of his heart's desire, and blesseth the covetous, whom the LORD abhorreth. 
The wicked, through the pride of his countenance, will not seek after God: God is not in all his thoughts. 
His ways are always grievous; thy judgments are far above out of his sight: as for all his enemies, he puffeth at them. 
He hath said in his heart, I shall not be moved: for I shall nev
451,em, Suppose ye that these Galilaeans were sinners above all the Galilaeans, because they suffered such things? 
I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish. 
Or those eighteen, upon whom the tower in Siloam fell, and slew them, think ye that they were sinners above all men that dwelt in Jerusalem? 
I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish. 
He spake also this parable; A certain man had a fig tre
410, according to the custom, as the duty of every day required; 
And afterward offered the continual burnt offering, both of the new moons, and of all the set feasts of the LORD that were consecrated, and of every one that willingly offered a freewill offering unto the LORD. 
From the first day of the seventh month began they to offer burnt offerings unto the LORD. But the foundation of the temple of the LORD 
332,d the Gezrites, and the Amalekites: for those nations were of old the inhabitants of the land, as thou goest to Shur, even unto the land of Egypt. 
And David smote the land, and left neither man nor woman alive, and took away the sheep, and the oxen, and the asses, and the camels, and the apparel, and returned, and came to Achish.
339,his life. 
And not only so, but we also joy in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom we have now received the atonement. 
Wherefore, as by one man sin entered into the world, and death by sin; and so death passed upon all men, for that all have sinned: 
(For until the law sin was in the world: but sin is not imputed when there is no
335,ake reconciliation for the sins of the people. 
For in that he himself hath suffered being tempted, he is able to succour them that are tempted. 
Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of the heavenly calling, consider the Apostle and High Priest of our profession, Christ Jesus; 
Who was faithful to him that appointed him, as also Moses
366,the river of the land of the children of his people, to call him, saying, Behold, there is a people come out from Egypt: behold, they cover the face of the earth, and they abide over against me: 
Come now therefore, I pray thee, curse me this people; for they are too mighty for me: peradventure I shall prevail, that we may smite them, and that I may drive them out
340,gainst him, saying, 
We heard him say, I will destroy this temple that is made with hands, and within three days I will build another made without hands. 
But neither so did their witness agree together. 
And the high priest stood up in the midst, and asked Jesus, saying, Answerest thou nothing? what is it which these witness against thee
377, remedy. 
When the righteous are in authority, the people rejoice: but when the wicked beareth rule, the people mourn. 
Whoso loveth wisdom rejoiceth his father: but he that keepeth company with harlots spendeth his substance. 
The king by judgment establisheth the land: but he that receiveth gifts overthroweth it. 
A man that flattereth his neighbour spreadeth a net for his
344,it: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. 
The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things. 
Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he. 
And upon this came his disciples, and marvelled that he talked with the woman: yet no man said,
454,vows shall stand, and her bonds wherewith she bound her soul shall stand. 
But if her husband disallowed her on the day that he heard it; then he shall make her vow which she vowed, and that which she uttered with her lips, wherewith she bound her soul, of none effect: and the LORD shall forgive her. 
But every vow of a widow, and of her that is divorced, wherewith they have bound their souls, shall stand against her. 
And if she vowed in her husband
336,ir voices, and wept sore; 
And said, O LORD God of Israel, why is this come to pass in Israel, that there should be to day one tribe lacking in Israel? 
And it came to pass on the morrow, that the people rose early, and built there an altar, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings. 
And the children of Israel said, Who is ther
414,ng of the second. 
Fifty loops shalt thou make in the one curtain, and fifty loops shalt thou make in the edge of the curtain that is in the coupling of the second; that the loops may take hold one of another. 
And thou shalt make fifty taches of gold, and couple the curtains together with the taches: and it shall be one tabernacle. 
And thou shalt make curtains of goats' hair to be a covering upon the tabernac
471,of the LORD; even to his tenth generation shall he not enter into the congregation of the LORD. 
An Ammonite or Moabite shall not enter into the congregation of the LORD; even to their tenth generation shall they not enter into the congregation of the LORD for ever: 
Because they met you not with bread and with water in the way, when ye came forth out of Egypt; and because they hired against thee Balaam the son of Beor of Pethor of Mesopotamia, to curse thee. 
Nevert
441, and I destroyed them from before you. 
Then Balak the son of Zippor, king of Moab, arose and warred against Israel, and sent and called Balaam the son of Beor to curse you: 
But I would not hearken unto Balaam; therefore he blessed you still: so I delivered you out of his hand. 
And you went over Jordan, and came unto Jericho: and the men of Jericho fought against you, the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Canaanites, and the Hittit
427, rest unto the land, a sabbath for the LORD: thou shalt neither sow thy field, nor prune thy vineyard. 
That which groweth of its own accord of thy harvest thou shalt not reap, neither gather the grapes of thy vine undressed: for it is a year of rest unto the land. 
And the sabbath of the land shall be meat for you; for thee, and for thy servant, and for thy maid, and for thy hired servant, and for thy stranger that sojourn
440,and Shilhim, and Ain, and Rimmon: all the cities are twenty and nine, with their villages: 
And in the valley, Eshtaol, and Zoreah, and Ashnah, 
And Zanoah, and Engannim, Tappuah, and Enam, 
Jarmuth, and Adullam, Socoh, and Azekah, 
And Sharaim, and Adithaim, and Gederah, and Gederothaim; fourteen cities with their villages: 
Zenan, and Hadashah, and Migdalgad, 
And Dilean, and Mizpeh, and Joktheel, 
Lachish, and Bozkath, and Eglon, 
An
471,. 
And they delivered the king's commissions unto the king's lieutenants, and to the governors on this side the river: and they furthered the people, and the house of God. 
Now when these things were done, the princes came to me, saying, The people of Israel, and the priests, and the Levites, have not separated themselves from the people of the lands, doing according to their abominations, even of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Perizzites, the Jebusites, the Ammon
471,ither: encourage him: for he shall cause Israel to inherit it. 
Moreover your little ones, which ye said should be a prey, and your children, which in that day had no knowledge between good and evil, they shall go in thither, and unto them will I give it, and they shall possess it. 
But as for you, turn you, and take your journey into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea. 
Then ye answered and said unto me, We have sinned against the LORD, we will go up and fight
413,ft in the breadth over against the five and twenty thousand, shall be a profane place for the city, for dwelling, and for suburbs: and the city shall be in the midst thereof. 
And these shall be the measures thereof; the north side four thousand and five hundred, and the south side four thousand and five hundred, and on the east side four thousand and five hundred, and the west side four thousand and five hund
390,ings are become new. 
And all things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation; 
To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation. 
Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you b
466,and of God resteth upon you: on their part he is evil spoken of, but on your part he is glorified. 
But let none of you suffer as a murderer, or as a thief, or as an evildoer, or as a busybody in other men's matters. 
Yet if any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed; but let him glorify God on this behalf. 
For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the g
355,aints, 
Cease not to give thanks for you, making mention of you in my prayers; 
That the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him: 
The eyes of your understanding being enlightened; that ye may know what is the hope of his calling, and what the riches of the glory of
440,fer him to sleep. 
There is a sore evil which I have seen under the sun, namely, riches kept for the owners thereof to their hurt. 
But those riches perish by evil travail: and he begetteth a son, and there is nothing in his hand. 
As he came forth of his mother's womb, naked shall he return to go as he came, and shall take nothing of his labour, which he may carry away in his hand. 
And this also is a sore evil, that in all points as h
425,therein shall not know peace. 
Therefore is judgment far from us, neither doth justice overtake us: we wait for light, but behold obscurity; for brightness, but we walk in darkness. 
We grope for the wall like the blind, and we grope as if we had no eyes: we stumble at noon day as in the night; we are in desolate places as dead men. 
We roar all like bears, and mourn sore like doves: we look for judgment, but there is non
368,valiant men swept away? they stood not, because the LORD did drive them. 
He made many to fall, yea, one fell upon another: and they said, Arise, and let us go again to our own people, and to the land of our nativity, from the oppressing sword. 
They did cry there, Pharaoh king of Egypt is but a noise; he hath passed the time appointed. 
As I live, saith the King, w
444, satisfiest the desire of every living thing. 
The LORD is righteous in all his ways, and holy in all his works. 
The LORD is nigh unto all them that call upon him, to all that call upon him in truth. 
He will fulfil the desire of them that fear him: he also will hear their cry, and will save them. 
The LORD preserveth all them that love him: but all the wicked will he destroy. 
My mouth shall speak the praise of the LORD: and let all flesh
458,d give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come, take up the cross, and follow me. 
And he was sad at that saying, and went away grieved: for he had great possessions. 
And Jesus looked round about, and saith unto his disciples, How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God! 
And the disciples were astonished at his words. But Jesus answereth again, and saith unto them, Children, how hard is it for them that tr
370,ur God, he it is that brought us up and our fathers out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage, and which did those great signs in our sight, and preserved us in all the way wherein we went, and among all the people through whom we passed: 
And the LORD drave out from before us all the people, even the Amorites which dwelt in the land: therefore will we also 
352,y hill; for the LORD our God is holy. 
Make a joyful noise unto the LORD, all ye lands. 
Serve the LORD with gladness: come before his presence with singing. 
Know ye that the LORD he is God: it is he that hath made us, and not we ourselves; we are his people, and the sheep of his pasture. 
Enter into his gates with thanksgiving, and into his courts 
471,r wives, and your own wickedness, and the wickedness of your wives, which they have committed in the land of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem? 
They are not humbled even unto this day, neither have they feared, nor walked in my law, nor in my statutes, that I set before you and before your fathers. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will set my face against you for evil, and to cut off all Judah. 
And I will take the remnant o
336,nt me. 
It is also written in your law, that the testimony of two men is true. 
I am one that bear witness of myself, and the Father that sent me beareth witness of me. 
Then said they unto him, Where is thy Father? Jesus answered, Ye neither know me, nor my Father: if ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also. 
These words
456, book of the LORD, and read: no one of these shall fail, none shall want her mate: for my mouth it hath commanded, and his spirit it hath gathered them. 
And he hath cast the lot for them, and his hand hath divided it unto them by line: they shall possess it for ever, from generation to generation shall they dwell therein. 
The wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them; and the desert shall rejoice, and blossom as the rose. 
It shall blo
398, all. 
Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed. 
In that day, he which shall be upon the housetop, and his stuff in the house, let him not come down to take it away: and he that is in the field, let him likewise not return back. 
Remember Lot's wife. 
Whosoever shall seek to save his life shall lose it; and whosoever shall lose his life shall preserve it. 
I tell you, in
369,o Ramothgilead, and prosper: for the LORD shall deliver it into the king's hand. 
And the messenger that was gone to call Micaiah spake unto him, saying, Behold now, the words of the prophets declare good unto the king with one mouth: let thy word, I pray thee, be like the word of one of them, and speak that which is good. 
And Micaiah said, As the LORD liveth, what 
336,u scornest, thou alone shalt bear it. 
A foolish woman is clamorous: she is simple, and knoweth nothing. 
For she sitteth at the door of her house, on a seat in the high places of the city, 
To call passengers who go right on their ways: 
Whoso is simple, let him turn in hither: and as for him that wanteth understanding, she saith to 
358, saith to Jerusalem, Thou shalt be inhabited; and to the cities of Judah, Ye shall be built, and I will raise up the decayed places thereof: 
That saith to the deep, Be dry, and I will dry up thy rivers: 
That saith of Cyrus, He is my shepherd, and shall perform all my pleasure: even saying to Jerusalem, Thou shalt be built; and to the temple, Thy foundati
434,g came and sat before the LORD, and said, Who am I, O LORD God, and what is mine house, that thou hast brought me hitherto? 
And yet this was a small thing in thine eyes, O God; for thou hast also spoken of thy servant's house for a great while to come, and hast regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree, O LORD God. 
What can David speak more to thee for the honour of thy servant? for thou knowest thy servant. 
O
367,led, and his brethren, and his neighbours, and he is not. 
Leave thy fatherless children, I will preserve them alive; and let thy widows trust in me. 
For thus saith the LORD; Behold, they whose judgment was not to drink of the cup have assuredly drunken; and art thou he that shall altogether go unpunished? thou shalt not go unpunished, but thou shalt surely drink 
325,ity with all that is therein. 
And it shall come to pass, if there remain ten men in one house, that they shall die. 
And a man's uncle shall take him up, and he that burneth him, to bring out the bones out of the house, and shall say unto him that is by the sides of the house, Is there yet any with thee? and he shall say, 
418,re swifter than the eagles of the heaven: they pursued us upon the mountains, they laid wait for us in the wilderness. 
The breath of our nostrils, the anointed of the LORD, was taken in their pits, of whom we said, Under his shadow we shall live among the heathen. 
Rejoice and be glad, O daughter of Edom, that dwellest in the land of Uz; the cup also shall pass through unto thee: thou shalt be drunken, and shalt m
469, him in his kingdom, and with all Israel, to make him king, according to the word of the LORD concerning Israel. 
And this is the number of the mighty men whom David had; Jashobeam, an Hachmonite, the chief of the captains: he lifted up his spear against three hundred slain by him at one time. 
And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo, the Ahohite, who was one of the three mighties. 
He was with David at Pasdammim, and there the Philistines were gathered together 
357, the door. 
And the men said unto Lot, Hast thou here any besides? son in law, and thy sons, and thy daughters, and whatsoever thou hast in the city, bring them out of this place: 
For we will destroy this place, because the cry of them is waxen great before the face of the LORD; and the LORD hath sent us to destroy it. 
And Lot went out, and spake unto h
358,addai. 
And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred. 
Then the tribe of Gad: and the captain of the sons of Gad shall be Eliasaph the son of Reuel. 
And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty and five thousand and six hundred and fifty. 
All that were numbered in the camp of Reuben 
333,here Lazarus was, which had been dead, whom he raised from the dead. 
There they made him a supper; and Martha served: but Lazarus was one of them that sat at the table with him. 
Then took Mary a pound of ointment of spikenard, very costly, and anointed the feet of Jesus, and wiped his feet with her hair: and the house was filled 
337,to Pharaoh, that he send the children of Israel out of his land. 
And I will harden Pharaoh's heart, and multiply my signs and my wonders in the land of Egypt. 
But Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you, that I may lay my hand upon Egypt, and bring forth mine armies, and my people the children of Israel, out of the land of Egypt by great 
410,of the gate with the six hundred men that were appointed with weapons of war. 
And these went into Micah's house, and fetched the carved image, the ephod, and the teraphim, and the molten image. Then said the priest unto them, What do ye? 
And they said unto him, Hold thy peace, lay thine hand upon thy mouth, and go with us, and be to us a father and a priest: is it better for thee to be a priest unto the h
353,teous slay thou not: for I will not justify the wicked. 
And thou shalt take no gift: for the gift blindeth the wise, and perverteth the words of the righteous. 
Also thou shalt not oppress a stranger: for ye know the heart of a stranger, seeing ye were strangers in the land of Egypt. 
And six years thou shalt sow thy land, and shalt gather in the fru
400,nd I have put down the inhabitants like a valiant man: 
And my hand hath found as a nest the riches of the people: and as one gathereth eggs that are left, have I gathered all the earth; and there was none that moved the wing, or opened the mouth, or peeped. 
Shall the axe boast itself against him that heweth therewith? or shall the saw magnify itself against him that shaketh it? as if the rod sho
391,d, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will perform that good thing which I have promised unto the house of Israel and to the house of Judah. 
In those days, and at that time, will I cause the Branch of righteousness to grow up unto David; and he shall execute judgment and righteousness in the land. 
In those days shall Judah be saved, and Jerusalem shall dwell safely: and this is the n
361, all that thou doest. 
All the firstling males that come of thy herd and of thy flock thou shalt sanctify unto the LORD thy God: thou shalt do no work with the firstling of thy bullock, nor shear the firstling of thy sheep. 
Thou shalt eat it before the LORD thy God year by year in the place which the LORD shall choose, thou and thy household. 
And if there b
447, heart be not lifted up above his brethren, and that he turn not aside from the commandment, to the right hand, or to the left: to the end that he may prolong his days in his kingdom, he, and his children, in the midst of Israel. 
The priests the Levites, and all the tribe of Levi, shall have no part nor inheritance with Israel: they shall eat the offerings of the LORD made by fire, and his inheritance. 
Therefore shall they have no inheritanc
328,ithhold from thee his sepulchre, but that thou mayest bury thy dead. 
And Abraham stood up, and bowed himself to the people of the land, even to the children of Heth. 
And he communed with them, saying, If it be your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight; hear me, and intreat for me to Ephron the son of Zohar, 
That 
351,achel envied her sister; and said unto Jacob, Give me children, or else I die. 
And Jacob's anger was kindled against Rachel: and he said, Am I in God's stead, who hath withheld from thee the fruit of the womb? 
And she said, Behold my maid Bilhah, go in unto her; and she shall bear upon my knees, that I may also have children by her. 
And she gave 
353,ll give many; but from them that have few ye shall give few: every one shall give of his cities unto the Levites according to his inheritance which he inheriteth. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye be come over Jordan into the land of Canaan; 
Then ye shall appoint you cities to be ci
407, to save you, and to deliver you from his hand. 
And I will shew mercies unto you, that he may have mercy upon you, and cause you to return to your own land. 
But if ye say, We will not dwell in this land, neither obey the voice of the LORD your God, 
Saying, No; but we will go into the land of Egypt, where we shall see no war, nor hear the sound of the trumpet, nor have hunger of bread; and there will w
329, Jerusalem. 
Jerusalem is builded as a city that is compact together: 
Whither the tribes go up, the tribes of the LORD, unto the testimony of Israel, to give thanks unto the name of the LORD. 
For there are set thrones of judgment, the thrones of the house of David. 
Pray for the peace of Jerusalem: they shall prosper that lov
432,Philistines? And wilt thou deliver them into mine hand? And the LORD said unto him, Go up; for I will deliver them into thine hand. 
So they came up to Baalperazim; and David smote them there. Then David said, God hath broken in upon mine enemies by mine hand like the breaking forth of waters: therefore they called the name of that place Baalperazim. 
And when they had left their gods there, David gave a commandment, and they we
441,oo high for me. 
Surely I have behaved and quieted myself, as a child that is weaned of his mother: my soul is even as a weaned child. 
Let Israel hope in the LORD from henceforth and for ever. 
Lord, remember David, and all his afflictions: 
How he sware unto the LORD, and vowed unto the mighty God of Jacob; 
Surely I will not come into the tabernacle of my house, nor go up into my bed; 
I will not give sleep to mine eyes, or slumber to
372,hen he cometh out of his mother's womb. 
And Moses cried unto the LORD, saying, Heal her now, O God, I beseech thee. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, If her father had but spit in her face, should she not be ashamed seven days? let her be shut out from the camp seven days, and after that let her be received in again. 
And Miriam was shut out from the camp seven days: and 
420,be hallowed among the children of Israel: I am the LORD which hallow you, 
That brought you out of the land of Egypt, to be your God: I am the LORD. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, Concerning the feasts of the LORD, which ye shall proclaim to be holy convocations, even these are my feasts. 
Six days shall work be done: but the seventh day is the sabbath o
376,to the LORD out of all nations upon horses, and in chariots, and in litters, and upon mules, and upon swift beasts, to my holy mountain Jerusalem, saith the LORD, as the children of Israel bring an offering in a clean vessel into the house of the LORD. 
And I will also take of them for priests and for Levites, saith the LORD. 
For as the new heavens and the new earth, which
463,test thou thyself in mischief, O mighty man? the goodness of God endureth continually. 
The tongue deviseth mischiefs; like a sharp razor, working deceitfully. 
Thou lovest evil more than good; and lying rather than to speak righteousness. Selah. 
Thou lovest all devouring words, O thou deceitful tongue. 
God shall likewise destroy thee for ever, he shall take thee away, and pluck thee out of thy dwelling place, and root thee out of the land of the living. Se
415,the man? for the bread is spent in our vessels, and there is not a present to bring to the man of God: what have we? 
And the servant answered Saul again, and said, Behold, I have here at hand the fourth part of a shekel of silver: that will I give to the man of God, to tell us our way. 
(Beforetime in Israel, when a man went to enquire of God, thus he spake, Come, and let us go to the seer: for he that is now c
440,e may stablish your hearts unblameable in holiness before God, even our Father, at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all his saints. 
Furthermore then we beseech you, brethren, and exhort you by the Lord Jesus, that as ye have received of us how ye ought to walk and to please God, so ye would abound more and more. 
For ye know what commandments we gave you by the Lord Jesus. 
For this is the will of God, even your sanctification,
430,s handmaid. 
For the king will hear, to deliver his handmaid out of the hand of the man that would destroy me and my son together out of the inheritance of God. 
Then thine handmaid said, The word of my lord the king shall now be comfortable: for as an angel of God, so is my lord the king to discern good and bad: therefore the LORD thy God will be with thee. 
Then the king answered and said unto the woman, Hide not from me, I 
332, not desolate. 
And Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh; for the Egyptians sold every man his field, because the famine prevailed over them: so the land became Pharaoh's. 
And as for the people, he removed them to cities from one end of the borders of Egypt even to the other end thereof. 
Only the land of the priests b
479,telleth them, saith the LORD. 
Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will perform that good thing which I have promised unto the house of Israel and to the house of Judah. 
In those days, and at that time, will I cause the Branch of righteousness to grow up unto David; and he shall execute judgment and righteousness in the land. 
In those days shall Judah be saved, and Jerusalem shall dwell safely: and this is the name wherewith she shall be called, The LORD our righ
356,e LORD on the head of them. 
And I said, Hear, I pray you, O heads of Jacob, and ye princes of the house of Israel; Is it not for you to know judgment? 
Who hate the good, and love the evil; who pluck off their skin from off them, and their flesh from off their bones; 
Who also eat the flesh of my people, and flay their skin from off them; and they break
395,re shall the lord of the vineyard do unto them? 
He shall come and destroy these husbandmen, and shall give the vineyard to others. And when they heard it, they said, God forbid. 
And he beheld them, and said, What is this then that is written, The stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the corner? 
Whosoever shall fall upon that stone shall be broken; but on whomso
426,n: naked, and ye clothed me not: sick, and in prison, and ye visited me not. 
Then shall they also answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, or athirst, or a stranger, or naked, or sick, or in prison, and did not minister unto thee? 
Then shall he answer them, saying, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the least of these, ye did it not to me. 
And these shall go away into everlasting pu
440,in any of your dwellings. 
Whatsoever soul it be that eateth any manner of blood, even that soul shall be cut off from his people. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, He that offereth the sacrifice of his peace offerings unto the LORD shall bring his oblation unto the LORD of the sacrifice of his peace offerings. 
His own hands shall bring the offerings of the LORD made by fire, the fat wi
477,e; thou hast broken it: heal the breaches thereof; for it shaketh. 
Thou hast shewed thy people hard things: thou hast made us to drink the wine of astonishment. 
Thou hast given a banner to them that fear thee, that it may be displayed because of the truth. Selah. 
That thy beloved may be delivered; save with thy right hand, and hear me. 
God hath spoken in his holiness; I will rejoice, I will divide Shechem, and mete out the valley of Succoth. 
Gilead is mine, and Manass
400, which Moses shewed in the sight of all Israel. 
Now after the death of Moses the servant of the LORD it came to pass, that the LORD spake unto Joshua the son of Nun, Moses' minister, saying, 
Moses my servant is dead; now therefore arise, go over this Jordan, thou, and all this people, unto the land which I do give to them, even to the children of Israel. 
Every place that the sole of your foot s
420,fore I desire that ye faint not at my tribulations for you, which is your glory. 
For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, 
Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named, 
That he would grant you, according to the riches of his glory, to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man; 
That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith; that ye, being rooted and grounded i
369,f did he bring them out, to slay them in the mountains, and to consume them from the face of the earth? Turn from thy fierce wrath, and repent of this evil against thy people. 
Remember Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, thy servants, to whom thou swarest by thine own self, and saidst unto them, I will multiply your seed as the stars of heaven, and all this land that I have
401,ken, he took bread, and gave thanks to God in presence of them all: and when he had broken it, he began to eat. 
Then were they all of good cheer, and they also took some meat. 
And we were in all in the ship two hundred threescore and sixteen souls. 
And when they had eaten enough, they lightened the ship, and cast out the wheat into the sea. 
And when it was day, they knew not the land: but they 
429,re from the LORD, and consumed the two hundred and fifty men that offered incense. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, that he take up the censers out of the burning, and scatter thou the fire yonder; for they are hallowed. 
The censers of these sinners against their own souls, let them make them broad plates for a covering of the altar: for they offered them before the LOR
434,ked, and behold a certain man clothed in linen, whose loins were girded with fine gold of Uphaz: 
His body also was like the beryl, and his face as the appearance of lightning, and his eyes as lamps of fire, and his arms and his feet like in colour to polished brass, and the voice of his words like the voice of a multitude. 
And I Daniel alone saw the vision: for the men that were with me saw not the vision; but a great quaking fe
365,d thy brethren stand without, desiring to speak with thee. 
But he answered and said unto him that told him, Who is my mother? and who are my brethren? 
And he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren! 
For whosoever shall do the will of my Father which is in heaven, the same is my brother, and sister, and mother. 
409,
Moreover take thou unto thee an iron pan, and set it for a wall of iron between thee and the city: and set thy face against it, and it shall be besieged, and thou shalt lay siege against it. This shall be a sign to the house of Israel. 
Lie thou also upon thy left side, and lay the iniquity of the house of Israel upon it: according to the number of the days that thou shalt lie upon it thou shalt bear thei
473,ly: and there is a friend that sticketh closer than a brother. 
Better is the poor that walketh in his integrity, than he that is perverse in his lips, and is a fool. 
Also, that the soul be without knowledge, it is not good; and he that hasteth with his feet sinneth. 
The foolishness of man perverteth his way: and his heart fretteth against the LORD. 
Wealth maketh many friends; but the poor is separated from his neighbour. 
A false witness shall not be unpunished, an
431,him, and let him not go down with us to battle, lest in the battle he be an adversary to us: for wherewith should he reconcile himself unto his master? should it not be with the heads of these men? 
Is not this David, of whom they sang one to another in dances, saying, Saul slew his thousands, and David his ten thousands? 
Then Achish called David, and said unto him, Surely, as the LORD liveth, thou hast been upright, and thy g
320,tand the way of thy precepts: so shall I talk of thy wondrous works. 
My soul melteth for heaviness: strengthen thou me according unto thy word. 
Remove from me the way of lying: and grant me thy law graciously. 
I have chosen the way of truth: thy judgments have I laid before me. 
I have stuck unto thy testimonies: O 
339,and half the tribe of Manasseh have received their inheritance: 
The two tribes and the half tribe have received their inheritance on this side Jordan near Jericho eastward, toward the sunrising. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
These are the names of the men which shall divide the land unto you: Eleazar the priest, and Joshua th
416,e water: for thus hath Ahithophel counselled against you. 
Then David arose, and all the people that were with him, and they passed over Jordan: by the morning light there lacked not one of them that was not gone over Jordan. 
And when Ahithophel saw that his counsel was not followed, he saddled his ass, and arose, and gat him home to his house, to his city, and put his household in order, and hanged himself, and
477,eople shall shout with a great shout; and the wall of the city shall fall down flat, and the people shall ascend up every man straight before him. 
And Joshua the son of Nun called the priests, and said unto them, Take up the ark of the covenant, and let seven priests bear seven trumpets of rams' horns before the ark of the LORD. 
And he said unto the people, Pass on, and compass the city, and let him that is armed pass on before the ark of the LORD. 
And it came to pass, 
479,et of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion: and the dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authority. 
And I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death; and his deadly wound was healed: and all the world wondered after the beast. 
And they worshipped the dragon which gave power unto the beast: and they worshipped the beast, saying, Who is like unto the beast? who is able to make war with him? 
And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great thin
365,wn. Now there was much grass in the place. So the men sat down, in number about five thousand. 
And Jesus took the loaves; and when he had given thanks, he distributed to the disciples, and the disciples to them that were set down; and likewise of the fishes as much as they would. 
When they were filled, he said unto his disciples, Gather up the fragments that re
348,r fathers. 
So they strengthened the kingdom of Judah, and made Rehoboam the son of Solomon strong, three years: for three years they walked in the way of David and Solomon. 
And Rehoboam took him Mahalath the daughter of Jerimoth the son of David to wife, and Abihail the daughter of Eliab the son of Jesse; 
Which bare him children; Jeush, and Sh
410,r eyes, and to turn them from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins, and inheritance among them which are sanctified by faith that is in me. 
Whereupon, O king Agrippa, I was not disobedient unto the heavenly vision: 
But shewed first unto them of Damascus, and at Jerusalem, and throughout all the coasts of Judaea, and then to the Gentiles, that t
384,d he shall also blow upon them, and they shall wither, and the whirlwind shall take them away as stubble. 
To whom then will ye liken me, or shall I be equal? saith the Holy One. 
Lift up your eyes on high, and behold who hath created these things, that bringeth out their host by number: he calleth them all by names by the greatness of his might, for that he is strong in power; not
381,maria, and preached Christ unto them. 
And the people with one accord gave heed unto those things which Philip spake, hearing and seeing the miracles which he did. 
For unclean spirits, crying with loud voice, came out of many that were possessed with them: and many taken with palsies, and that were lame, were healed. 
And there was great joy in that city. 
But there was a certa
434, sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil. 
Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience sake. 
For for this cause pay ye tribute also: for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing. 
Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honour to whom honou
416,, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but canst not tell whence it cometh, and whither it goeth: so is every one that is born of the Spirit. 
Nicodemus answered and said unto him, How can these things be? 
Jesus answered and said unto him, Art thou a master of Israel, and knowest not these things? 
Verily, verily, I say unto thee, We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our wit
447,f Meshullam, the son of Zadok, the son of Meraioth, the son of Ahitub, the ruler of the house of God; 
And Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pashur, the son of Malchijah, and Maasiai the son of Adiel, the son of Jahzerah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Meshillemith, the son of Immer; 
And their brethren, heads of the house of their fathers, a thousand and seven hundred and threescore; very able men for the work of the service of the hous
475,word came: the word of the LORD tried him. 
The king sent and loosed him; even the ruler of the people, and let him go free. 
He made him lord of his house, and ruler of all his substance: 
To bind his princes at his pleasure; and teach his senators wisdom. 
Israel also came into Egypt; and Jacob sojourned in the land of Ham. 
And he increased his people greatly; and made them stronger than their enemies. 
He turned their heart to hate his people, to deal subtilly with h
364, all things; that stretcheth forth the heavens alone; that spreadeth abroad the earth by myself; 
That frustrateth the tokens of the liars, and maketh diviners mad; that turneth wise men backward, and maketh their knowledge foolish; 
That confirmeth the word of his servant, and performeth the counsel of his messengers; that saith to Jerusalem, Thou shalt be inha
469,hey answered the angel of the LORD that stood among the myrtle trees, and said, We have walked to and fro through the earth, and, behold, all the earth sitteth still, and is at rest. 
Then the angel of the LORD answered and said, O LORD of hosts, how long wilt thou not have mercy on Jerusalem and on the cities of Judah, against which thou hast had indignation these threescore and ten years? 
And the LORD answered the angel that talked with me with good words and co
452,eople, nor to their wickedness, nor to their sin: 
Lest the land whence thou broughtest us out say, Because the LORD was not able to bring them into the land which he promised them, and because he hated them, he hath brought them out to slay them in the wilderness. 
Yet they are thy people and thine inheritance, which thou broughtest out by thy mighty power and by thy stretched out arm. 
At that time the LORD said unto me, Hew thee two tables of st
480,d; to gods whom they knew not, to new gods that came newly up, whom your fathers feared not. 
Of the Rock that begat thee thou art unmindful, and hast forgotten God that formed thee. 
And when the LORD saw it, he abhorred them, because of the provoking of his sons, and of his daughters. 
And he said, I will hide my face from them, I will see what their end shall be: for they are a very froward generation, children in whom is no faith. 
They have moved me to jealousy with that
372,the wise man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in his might, let not the rich man glory in his riches: 
But let him that glorieth glory in this, that he understandeth and knoweth me, that I am the LORD which exercise lovingkindness, judgment, and righteousness, in the earth: for in these things I delight, saith the LORD. 
Behold, the days come, saith
401, they went along through the wilderness, and compassed the land of Edom, and the land of Moab, and came by the east side of the land of Moab, and pitched on the other side of Arnon, but came not within the border of Moab: for Arnon was the border of Moab. 
And Israel sent messengers unto Sihon king of the Amorites, the king of Heshbon; and Israel said unto him, Let us pass, we pray thee, through th
347, faith? 
And they feared exceedingly, and said one to another, What manner of man is this, that even the wind and the sea obey him? 
And they came over unto the other side of the sea, into the country of the Gadarenes. 
And when he was come out of the ship, immediately there met him out of the tombs a man with an unclean spirit, 
Who had his dwe
328,ore them, and which may go in before them, and which may lead them out, and which may bring them in; that the congregation of the LORD be not as sheep which have no shepherd. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Take thee Joshua the son of Nun, a man in whom is the spirit, and lay thine hand upon him; 
And set him before Eleazar the
470, prophet be known, that the LORD hath truly sent him. 
Then Hananiah the prophet took the yoke from off the prophet Jeremiah's neck, and brake it. 
And Hananiah spake in the presence of all the people, saying, Thus saith the LORD; Even so will I break the yoke of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon from the neck of all nations within the space of two full years. And the prophet Jeremiah went his way. 
Then the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah the prophet, after that H
371,f Asa the king, he removed her from being queen, because she had made an idol in a grove: and Asa cut down her idol, and stamped it, and burnt it at the brook Kidron. 
But the high places were not taken away out of Israel: nevertheless the heart of Asa was perfect all his days. 
And he brought into the house of God the things that his father had dedicated, and that he 
429,ughts, neither are your ways my ways, saith the LORD. 
For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts. 
For as the rain cometh down, and the snow from heaven, and returneth not thither, but watereth the earth, and maketh it bring forth and bud, that it may give seed to the sower, and bread to the eater: 
So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mout
427,ry unto them, Fear is on every side. 
Flee, get you far off, dwell deep, O ye inhabitants of Hazor, saith the LORD; for Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon hath taken counsel against you, and hath conceived a purpose against you. 
Arise, get you up unto the wealthy nation, that dwelleth without care, saith the LORD, which have neither gates nor bars, which dwell alone. 
And their camels shall be a booty, and the multitude of the
326, assured of, knowing of whom thou hast learned them; 
And that from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus. 
All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction i
421,estly asked leave of me to go to Bethlehem: 
And he said, Let me go, I pray thee; for our family hath a sacrifice in the city; and my brother, he hath commanded me to be there: and now, if I have found favour in thine eyes, let me get away, I pray thee, and see my brethren. Therefore he cometh not unto the king's table. 
Then Saul's anger was kindled against Jonathan, and he said unto him, Thou son of the perverse reb
467,of the LORD, and in the service of the king. 
Among the Hebronites was Jerijah the chief, even among the Hebronites, according to the generations of his fathers. In the fortieth year of the reign of David they were sought for, and there were found among them mighty men of valour at Jazer of Gilead. 
And his brethren, men of valour, were two thousand and seven hundred chief fathers, whom king David made rulers over the Reubenites, the Gadites, and the half tribe o
331,and they have rebelled against me. 
The ox knoweth his owner, and the ass his master's crib: but Israel doth not know, my people doth not consider. 
Ah sinful nation, a people laden with iniquity, a seed of evildoers, children that are corrupters: they have forsaken the LORD, they have provoked the Holy One of Israel unto anger, 
440,the confusion of thy mother's nakedness? 
For as long as the son of Jesse liveth upon the ground, thou shalt not be established, nor thy kingdom. Wherefore now send and fetch him unto me, for he shall surely die. 
And Jonathan answered Saul his father, and said unto him, Wherefore shall he be slain? what hath he done? 
And Saul cast a javelin at him to smite him: whereby Jonathan knew that it was determined of his father to slay David. 
395,. 
When they had heard these words, they marvelled, and left him, and went their way. 
The same day came to him the Sadducees, which say that there is no resurrection, and asked him, 
Saying, Master, Moses said, If a man die, having no children, his brother shall marry his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother. 
Now there were with us seven brethren: and the first, when he had married a wi
367,ms shall judge the people; the isles shall wait upon me, and on mine arm shall they trust. 
Lift up your eyes to the heavens, and look upon the earth beneath: for the heavens shall vanish away like smoke, and the earth shall wax old like a garment, and they that dwell therein shall die in like manner: but my salvation shall be for ever, and my righteousness shall n
397,e with men, as with caterpillers; and they shall lift up a shout against thee. 
He hath made the earth by his power, he hath established the world by his wisdom, and hath stretched out the heaven by his understanding. 
When he uttereth his voice, there is a multitude of waters in the heavens; and he causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth: he maketh lightnings with rain, and br
389,s burnt the whole ram upon the altar: it was a burnt sacrifice for a sweet savour, and an offering made by fire unto the LORD; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And he brought the other ram, the ram of consecration: and Aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the ram. 
And he slew it; and Moses took of the blood of it, and put it upon the tip of Aaron's right ear, and upon the 
471,e of the multitude answered and said, Master, I have brought unto thee my son, which hath a dumb spirit; 
And wheresoever he taketh him, he teareth him: and he foameth, and gnasheth with his teeth, and pineth away: and I spake to thy disciples that they should cast him out; and they could not. 
He answereth him, and saith, O faithless generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him unto me. 
And they brought him unto him: and when he 
322, of Israel, I am as thou art, my people as thy people, my horses as thy horses. 
And Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel, Enquire, I pray thee, at the word of the LORD to day. 
Then the king of Israel gathered the prophets together, about four hundred men, and said unto them, Shall I go against Ramothgilead to battl
350,d in a long white garment; and they were affrighted. 
And he saith unto them, Be not affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him. 
But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you. 
And th
457,esolate, and the sanctuaries of Israel shall be laid waste; and I will rise against the house of Jeroboam with the sword. 
Then Amaziah the priest of Bethel sent to Jeroboam king of Israel, saying, Amos hath conspired against thee in the midst of the house of Israel: the land is not able to bear all his words. 
For thus Amos saith, Jeroboam shall die by the sword, and Israel shall surely be led away captive out of their own land. 
Also Amaziah said unto
405,bomination. 
Whoso causeth the righteous to go astray in an evil way, he shall fall himself into his own pit: but the upright shall have good things in possession. 
The rich man is wise in his own conceit; but the poor that hath understanding searcheth him out. 
When righteous men do rejoice, there is great glory: but when the wicked rise, a man is hidden. 
He that covereth his sins shall not prosper: 
392, children: for they have observed thy word, and kept thy covenant. 
They shall teach Jacob thy judgments, and Israel thy law: they shall put incense before thee, and whole burnt sacrifice upon thine altar. 
Bless, LORD, his substance, and accept the work of his hands; smite through the loins of them that rise against him, and of them that hate him, that they rise not again. 
And of Benjami
386,d him whom my soul loveth: I held him, and would not let him go, until I had brought him into my mother's house, and into the chamber of her that conceived me. 
I charge you, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, by the roes, and by the hinds of the field, that ye stir not up, nor awake my love, till he please. 
Who is this that cometh out of the wilderness like pillars of smoke, perfumed wit
434,e. 
And Israel took his journey with all that he had, and came to Beersheba, and offered sacrifices unto the God of his father Isaac. 
And God spake unto Israel in the visions of the night, and said, Jacob, Jacob. And he said, Here am I. 
And he said, I am God, the God of thy father: fear not to go down into Egypt; for I will there make of thee a great nation: 
I will go down with thee into Egypt; and I will also surely bring thee
451,de pass by, he asked what it meant. 
And they told him, that Jesus of Nazareth passeth by. 
And he cried, saying, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me. 
And they which went before rebuked him, that he should hold his peace: but he cried so much the more, Thou son of David, have mercy on me. 
And Jesus stood, and commanded him to be brought unto him: and when he was come near, he asked him, 
Saying, What wilt thou that I shall do unto thee? A
462,iphsah even to Azzah, over all the kings on this side the river: and he had peace on all sides round about him. 
And Judah and Israel dwelt safely, every man under his vine and under his fig tree, from Dan even to Beersheba, all the days of Solomon. 
And Solomon had forty thousand stalls of horses for his chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen. 
And those officers provided victual for king Solomon, and for all that came unto king Solomon's table, every man i
329,le. 
And through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand; and he shall magnify himself in his heart, and by peace shall destroy many: he shall also stand up against the Prince of princes; but he shall be broken without hand. 
And the vision of the evening and the morning which was told is true: wherefore shu
340,ter the Egyptians among the nations, and will disperse them through the countries. 
And I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon, and put my sword in his hand: but I will break Pharaoh's arms, and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man. 
But I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon, and the 
391,ORD God of Israel, Tell ye the man that sent you to me, 
Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil upon this place, and upon the inhabitants thereof, even all the curses that are written in the book which they have read before the king of Judah: 
Because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their han
357,, and all that was found in his treasures: there was nothing in his house, nor in all his dominion, that Hezekiah shewed them not. 
Then came Isaiah the prophet unto king Hezekiah, and said unto him, What said these men? and from whence came they unto thee? And Hezekiah said, They are come from a far country unto me, even from Babylon. 
Then said he, What
327,tteth not down first, and counteth the cost, whether he have sufficient to finish it? 
Lest haply, after he hath laid the foundation, and is not able to finish it, all that behold it begin to mock him, 
Saying, This man began to build, and was not able to finish. 
Or what king, going to make war against another king, sitteth 
384, psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord; 
Giving thanks always for all things unto God and the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ; 
Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God. 
Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as unto the Lord. 
For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the hea
401, unto the elders of Judah, saying, Why are ye the last to bring the king back to his house? seeing the speech of all Israel is come to the king, even to his house. 
Ye are my brethren, ye are my bones and my flesh: wherefore then are ye the last to bring back the king? 
And say ye to Amasa, Art thou not of my bone, and of my flesh? God do so to me, and more also, if thou be not captain of the host 
355,e king also said unto them, Take with you the servants of your lord, and cause Solomon my son to ride upon mine own mule, and bring him down to Gihon: 
And let Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet anoint him there king over Israel: and blow ye with the trumpet, and say, God save king Solomon. 
Then ye shall come up after him, that he may come and sit
418,joice, and give honour to him: for the marriage of the Lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready. 
And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white: for the fine linen is the righteousness of saints. 
And he saith unto me, Write, Blessed are they which are called unto the marriage supper of the Lamb. And he saith unto me, These are the true sayings of God. 
And I fell at his
431, forth with blains upon man, and upon beast. 
And the magicians could not stand before Moses because of the boils; for the boil was upon the magicians, and upon all the Egyptians. 
And the LORD hardened the heart of Pharaoh, and he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had spoken unto Moses. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Rise up early in the morning, and stand before Pharaoh, and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Heb
456,n a thorn hedge: the day of thy watchmen and thy visitation cometh; now shall be their perplexity. 
Trust ye not in a friend, put ye not confidence in a guide: keep the doors of thy mouth from her that lieth in thy bosom. 
For the son dishonoureth the father, the daughter riseth up against her mother, the daughter in law against her mother in law; a man's enemies are the men of his own house. 
Therefore I will look unto the LORD; I will wait for the Go
414,ise up their mourning. 
Let the stars of the twilight thereof be dark; let it look for light, but have none; neither let it see the dawning of the day: 
Because it shut not up the doors of my mother's womb, nor hid sorrow from mine eyes. 
Why died I not from the womb? why did I not give up the ghost when I came out of the belly? 
Why did the knees prevent me? or why the breasts that I should suck? 
For now shou
340,an sin, and wilt thou be wroth with all the congregation? 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the congregation, saying, Get you up from about the tabernacle of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram. 
And Moses rose up and went unto Dathan and Abiram; and the elders of Israel followed him. 
And he spake unto the congregation, saying, D
409, against me: against me do they devise my hurt. 
An evil disease, say they, cleaveth fast unto him: and now that he lieth he shall rise up no more. 
Yea, mine own familiar friend, in whom I trusted, which did eat of my bread, hath lifted up his heel against me. 
But thou, O LORD, be merciful unto me, and raise me up, that I may requite them. 
By this I know that thou favourest me, because mine enemy doth n
386, say unto them, Be favourable unto them for our sakes: because we reserved not to each man his wife in the war: for ye did not give unto them at this time, that ye should be guilty. 
And the children of Benjamin did so, and took them wives, according to their number, of them that danced, whom they caught: and they went and returned unto their inheritance, and repaired the cities, and
371,mbers round about, of the treasuries of the house of God, and of the treasuries of the dedicated things: 
Also for the courses of the priests and the Levites, and for all the work of the service of the house of the LORD, and for all the vessels of service in the house of the LORD. 
He gave of gold by weight for things of gold, for all instruments of all manner of servi
371,of Egypt, but they turned from them, and destroyed them not; 
Behold, I say, how they reward us, to come to cast us out of thy possession, which thou hast given us to inherit. 
O our God, wilt thou not judge them? for we have no might against this great company that cometh against us; neither know we what to do: but our eyes are upon thee. 
And all Judah stood before t
359,of battle: and it hath set him on fire round about, yet he knew not; and it burned him, yet he laid it not to heart. 
But now thus saith the LORD that created thee, O Jacob, and he that formed thee, O Israel, Fear not: for I have redeemed thee, I have called thee by thy name; thou art mine. 
When thou passest through the waters, I will be with thee; and thr
339,x years thou shalt sow thy land, and shalt gather in the fruits thereof: 
But the seventh year thou shalt let it rest and lie still; that the poor of thy people may eat: and what they leave the beasts of the field shall eat. In like manner thou shalt deal with thy vineyard, and with thy oliveyard. 
Six days thou shalt do thy work, and on
389,sseh, 
With whom the Reubenites and the Gadites have received their inheritance, which Moses gave them, beyond Jordan eastward, even as Moses the servant of the LORD gave them; 
From Aroer, that is upon the bank of the river Arnon, and the city that is in the midst of the river, and all the plain of Medeba unto Dibon; 
And all the cities of Sihon king of the Amorites, which reigned in H
382,am of a night vision. 
It shall even be as when an hungry man dreameth, and, behold, he eateth; but he awaketh, and his soul is empty: or as when a thirsty man dreameth, and, behold, he drinketh; but he awaketh, and, behold, he is faint, and his soul hath appetite: so shall the multitude of all the nations be, that fight against mount Zion. 
Stay yourselves, and wonder; cry ye ou
383, abode in the wilderness of Maon. And when Saul heard that, he pursued after David in the wilderness of Maon. 
And Saul went on this side of the mountain, and David and his men on that side of the mountain: and David made haste to get away for fear of Saul; for Saul and his men compassed David and his men round about to take them. 
But there came a messenger unto Saul, saying, Has
399, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners? 
I went down into the garden of nuts to see the fruits of the valley, and to see whether the vine flourished and the pomegranates budded. 
Or ever I was aware, my soul made me like the chariots of Amminadib. 
Return, return, O Shulamite; return, return, that we may look upon thee. What will ye see in the Shulamite? As it were the company of
333, thy people shall exalt themselves to establish the vision; but they shall fall. 
So the king of the north shall come, and cast up a mount, and take the most fenced cities: and the arms of the south shall not withstand, neither his chosen people, neither shall there be any strength to withstand. 
But he that cometh against him shal
470, a son; and said, Now this time will my husband be joined unto me, because I have born him three sons: therefore was his name called Levi. 
And she conceived again, and bare a son: and she said, Now will I praise the LORD: therefore she called his name Judah; and left bearing. 
And when Rachel saw that she bare Jacob no children, Rachel envied her sister; and said unto Jacob, Give me children, or else I die. 
And Jacob's anger was kindled against Rachel: and he said
358, enter into them. 
And forthwith Jesus gave them leave. And the unclean spirits went out, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the sea, (they were about two thousand;) and were choked in the sea. 
And they that fed the swine fled, and told it in the city, and in the country. And they went out to see what it was tha
386, will throughly purge his floor, and gather his wheat into the garner; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire. 
Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John, to be baptized of him. 
But John forbad him, saying, I have need to be baptized of thee, and comest thou to me? 
And Jesus answering said unto him, Suffer it to be so now: for thus it becometh us to fulfil al
406,God of Israel, because of the transgression of those that had been carried away; and I sat astonied until the evening sacrifice. 
And at the evening sacrifice I arose up from my heaviness; and having rent my garment and my mantle, I fell upon my knees, and spread out my hands unto the LORD my God, 
And said, O my God, I am ashamed and blush to lift up my face to thee, my God: for our iniquities are incr
418,en times have ye reproached me: ye are not ashamed that ye make yourselves strange to me. 
And be it indeed that I have erred, mine error remaineth with myself. 
If indeed ye will magnify yourselves against me, and plead against me my reproach: 
Know now that God hath overthrown me, and hath compassed me with his net. 
Behold, I cry out of wrong, but I am not heard: I cry aloud, but there is no judgment. 
He hath f
477,ustified. 
For when the Gentiles, which have not the law, do by nature the things contained in the law, these, having not the law, are a law unto themselves: 
Which shew the work of the law written in their hearts, their conscience also bearing witness, and their thoughts the mean while accusing or else excusing one another;) 
In the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ according to my gospel. 
Behold, thou art called a Jew, and restest in the law, a
445,against my people, that thou wilt not let them go? 
Behold, to morrow about this time I will cause it to rain a very grievous hail, such as hath not been in Egypt since the foundation thereof even until now. 
Send therefore now, and gather thy cattle, and all that thou hast in the field; for upon every man and beast which shall be found in the field, and shall not be brought home, the hail shall come down upon them, and they shall die. 
He t
439,s were an hungred, and began to pluck the ears of corn and to eat. 
But when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto him, Behold, thy disciples do that which is not lawful to do upon the sabbath day. 
But he said unto them, Have ye not read what David did, when he was an hungred, and they that were with him; 
How he entered into the house of God, and did eat the shewbread, which was not lawful for him to eat, neither for them which were w
480,thaiah the son of Uzziah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Amariah, the son of Shephatiah, the son of Mahalaleel, of the children of Perez; 
And Maaseiah the son of Baruch, the son of Colhozeh, the son of Hazaiah, the son of Adaiah, the son of Joiarib, the son of Zechariah, the son of Shiloni. 
All the sons of Perez that dwelt at Jerusalem were four hundred threescore and eight valiant men. 
And these are the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Joed, the 
376,ht receive the promise of eternal inheritance. 
For where a testament is, there must also of necessity be the death of the testator. 
For a testament is of force after men are dead: otherwise it is of no strength at all while the testator liveth. 
Whereupon neither the first testament was dedicated without blood. 
For when Moses had spoken every precept to all the people ac
433,mest with such a company? 
And he said, Ye have taken away my gods which I made, and the priest, and ye are gone away: and what have I more? and what is this that ye say unto me, What aileth thee? 
And the children of Dan said unto him, Let not thy voice be heard among us, lest angry fellows run upon thee, and thou lose thy life, with the lives of thy household. 
And the children of Dan went their way: and when Micah saw that the
404, man shalt thou surely redeem, and the firstling of unclean beasts shalt thou redeem. 
And those that are to be redeemed from a month old shalt thou redeem, according to thine estimation, for the money of five shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary, which is twenty gerahs. 
But the firstling of a cow, or the firstling of a sheep, or the firstling of a goat, thou shalt not redeem; they are holy: th
458,nd thou shalt kill the bullock before the LORD, by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And thou shalt take of the blood of the bullock, and put it upon the horns of the altar with thy finger, and pour all the blood beside the bottom of the altar. 
And thou shalt take all the fat that covereth the inwards, and the caul that is above the liver, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, and burn them upon the altar. 
But the flesh of 
357,hat is this thing that ye do? will ye rebel against the king? 
Then answered I them, and said unto them, The God of heaven, he will prosper us; therefore we his servants will arise and build: but ye have no portion, nor right, nor memorial, in Jerusalem. 
Then Eliashib the high priest rose up with his brethren the priests, and they builded the sheep gate;
444, spake unto those that stood before him, saying, Take away the filthy garments from him. And unto him he said, Behold, I have caused thine iniquity to pass from thee, and I will clothe thee with change of raiment. 
And I said, Let them set a fair mitre upon his head. So they set a fair mitre upon his head, and clothed him with garments. And the angel of the LORD stood by. 
And the angel of the LORD protested unto Joshua, saying, 
Thus saith
432,e hearing ear, and the seeing eye, the LORD hath made even both of them. 
Love not sleep, lest thou come to poverty; open thine eyes, and thou shalt be satisfied with bread. 
It is naught, it is naught, saith the buyer: but when he is gone his way, then he boasteth. 
There is gold, and a multitude of rubies: but the lips of knowledge are a precious jewel. 
Take his garment that is surety for a stranger: and take a pledge of him 
413,ks, and sent them away. 
When they told it unto David, he sent to meet them, because the men were greatly ashamed: and the king said, Tarry at Jericho until your beards be grown, and then return. 
And when the children of Ammon saw that they stank before David, the children of Ammon sent and hired the Syrians of Bethrehob and the Syrians of Zoba, twenty thousand footmen, and of king Maacah a thousand men, and 
478,ed to us. 
And the men did so; and took two milch kine, and tied them to the cart, and shut up their calves at home: 
And they laid the ark of the LORD upon the cart, and the coffer with the mice of gold and the images of their emerods. 
And the kine took the straight way to the way of Bethshemesh, and went along the highway, lowing as they went, and turned not aside to the right hand or to the left; and the lords of the Philistines went after them unto the border of Bethsh
401,greatly kindled against the man; and he said to Nathan, As the LORD liveth, the man that hath done this thing shall surely die: 
And he shall restore the lamb fourfold, because he did this thing, and because he had no pity. 
And Nathan said to David, Thou art the man. Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I anointed thee king over Israel, and I delivered thee out of the hand of Saul; 
And I gave thee 
406, age he was diseased in his feet. 
And Asa slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his stead. 
And Nadab the son of Jeroboam began to reign over Israel in the second year of Asa king of Judah, and reigned over Israel two years. 
And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of his father, and in his sin
458,d, the word that thou hast spoken concerning thy servant, and concerning his house, establish it for ever, and do as thou hast said. 
And let thy name be magnified for ever, saying, The LORD of hosts is the God over Israel: and let the house of thy servant David be established before thee. 
For thou, O LORD of hosts, God of Israel, hast revealed to thy servant, saying, I will build thee an house: therefore hath thy servant found in his heart to pray this
382,s garment. 
But woe to them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days! 
And pray ye that your flight be not in the winter. 
For in those days shall be affliction, such as was not from the beginning of the creation which God created unto this time, neither shall be. 
And except that the Lord had shortened those days, no flesh should be saved: but for the elect'
329,give my glory unto another. 
Hearken unto me, O Jacob and Israel, my called; I am he; I am the first, I also am the last. 
Mine hand also hath laid the foundation of the earth, and my right hand hath spanned the heavens: when I call unto them, they stand up together. 
All ye, assemble yourselves, and hear; which among them hath
356,'s song in a strange land? 
If I forget thee, O Jerusalem, let my right hand forget her cunning. 
If I do not remember thee, let my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth; if I prefer not Jerusalem above my chief joy. 
Remember, O LORD, the children of Edom in the day of Jerusalem; who said, Rase it, rase it, even to the foundation thereof. 
O daughter of
417,st mine own life: for there is no matter hid from the king, and thou thyself wouldest have set thyself against me. 
Then said Joab, I may not tarry thus with thee. And he took three darts in his hand, and thrust them through the heart of Absalom, while he was yet alive in the midst of the oak. 
And ten young men that bare Joab's armour compassed about and smote Absalom, and slew him. 
And Joab blew the trumpet, an
386, began at the same scripture, and preached unto him Jesus. 
And as they went on their way, they came unto a certain water: and the eunuch said, See, here is water; what doth hinder me to be baptized? 
And Philip said, If thou believest with all thine heart, thou mayest. And he answered and said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God. 
And he commanded the chariot to stand sti
457,ying, Spake I not unto you, saying, Do not sin against the child; and ye would not hear? therefore, behold, also his blood is required. 
And they knew not that Joseph understood them; for he spake unto them by an interpreter. 
And he turned himself about from them, and wept; and returned to them again, and communed with them, and took from them Simeon, and bound him before their eyes. 
Then Joseph commanded to fill their sacks with corn, and to restore 
464,f it be hidden from him; he also shall be unclean, and guilty. 
Or if he touch the uncleanness of man, whatsoever uncleanness it be that a man shall be defiled withal, and it be hid from him; when he knoweth of it, then he shall be guilty. 
Or if a soul swear, pronouncing with his lips to do evil, or to do good, whatsoever it be that a man shall pronounce with an oath, and it be hid from him; when he knoweth of it, then he shall be guilty in one of these. 
And
335, lot was to burn incense when he went into the temple of the Lord. 
And the whole multitude of the people were praying without at the time of incense. 
And there appeared unto him an angel of the Lord standing on the right side of the altar of incense. 
And when Zacharias saw him, he was troubled, and fear fell upon him. 
But the ang
409, in the street! 
The young men saw me, and hid themselves: and the aged arose, and stood up. 
The princes refrained talking, and laid their hand on their mouth. 
The nobles held their peace, and their tongue cleaved to the roof of their mouth. 
When the ear heard me, then it blessed me; and when the eye saw me, it gave witness to me: 
Because I delivered the poor that cried, and the fatherless, and him tha
470,e city, because they had defiled their sister. 
They took their sheep, and their oxen, and their asses, and that which was in the city, and that which was in the field, 
And all their wealth, and all their little ones, and their wives took they captive, and spoiled even all that was in the house. 
And Jacob said to Simeon and Levi, Ye have troubled me to make me to stink among the inhabitants of the land, among the Canaanites and the Perizzites: and I being few in n
331,to the porch of the house, and measured each post of the porch, five cubits on this side, and five cubits on that side: and the breadth of the gate was three cubits on this side, and three cubits on that side. 
The length of the porch was twenty cubits, and the breadth eleven cubits, and he brought me by the steps whereby they we
469, be replenished, now she is laid waste: 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Tyrus, and will cause many nations to come up against thee, as the sea causeth his waves to come up. 
And they shall destroy the walls of Tyrus, and break down her towers: I will also scrape her dust from her, and make her like the top of a rock. 
It shall be a place for the spreading of nets in the midst of the sea: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD: and
401,f Aaron, when they offered before the LORD, and died; 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Speak unto Aaron thy brother, that he come not at all times into the holy place within the vail before the mercy seat, which is upon the ark; that he die not: for I will appear in the cloud upon the mercy seat. 
Thus shall Aaron come into the holy place: with a young bullock for a sin offering, and a ram for a burn
331,ad the seven vials, and talked with me, saying unto me, Come hither; I will shew unto thee the judgment of the great whore that sitteth upon many waters: 
With whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication, and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication. 
So he carried me away in t
448,ing unto the LORD, every man and woman, whose heart made them willing to bring for all manner of work, which the LORD had commanded to be made by the hand of Moses. 
And Moses said unto the children of Israel, See, the LORD hath called by name Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah; 
And he hath filled him with the spirit of God, in wisdom, in understanding, and in knowledge, and in all manner of workmanship; 
And to dev
328,pened to the house of David and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem for sin and for uncleanness. 
And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD of hosts, that I will cut off the names of the idols out of the land, and they shall no more be remembered: and also I will cause the prophets and the unclean spirit to pass out of
329,departed from thee, and thou shalt find them no more at all. 
The merchants of these things, which were made rich by her, shall stand afar off for the fear of her torment, weeping and wailing, 
And saying, Alas, alas that great city, that was clothed in fine linen, and purple, and scarlet, and decked with gold, and precious sto
449,your God for ever. 
And it came to pass, when all the kings of the Amorites, which were on the side of Jordan westward, and all the kings of the Canaanites, which were by the sea, heard that the LORD had dried up the waters of Jordan from before the children of Israel, until we were passed over, that their heart melted, neither was there spirit in them any more, because of the children of Israel. 
At that time the LORD said unto Joshua, Make the
466,d anoint themselves with the chief ointments: but they are not grieved for the affliction of Joseph. 
Therefore now shall they go captive with the first that go captive, and the banquet of them that stretched themselves shall be removed. 
The Lord GOD hath sworn by himself, saith the LORD the God of hosts, I abhor the excellency of Jacob, and hate his palaces: therefore will I deliver up the city with all that is therein. 
And it shall come to pass, if there rem
457, of the staves were seen from the ark before the oracle; but they were not seen without. And there it is unto this day. 
There was nothing in the ark save the two tables which Moses put therein at Horeb, when the LORD made a covenant with the children of Israel, when they came out of Egypt. 
And it came to pass, when the priests were come out of the holy place: (for all the priests that were present were sanctified, and did not then wait by course: 
Als
393, their works: for they say, and do not. 
For they bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them on men's shoulders; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers. 
But all their works they do for to be seen of men: they make broad their phylacteries, and enlarge the borders of their garments, 
And love the uppermost rooms at feasts, and the chief seats in the 
401,x hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened. 
And the rain was upon the earth forty days and forty nights. 
In the selfsame day entered Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth, the sons of Noah, and Noah's wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, in
466, fierce anger of the LORD is not turned back from us. 
And it shall come to pass at that day, saith the LORD, that the heart of the king shall perish, and the heart of the princes; and the priests shall be astonished, and the prophets shall wonder. 
Then said I, Ah, Lord GOD! surely thou hast greatly deceived this people and Jerusalem, saying, Ye shall have peace; whereas the sword reacheth unto the soul. 
At that time shall it be said to this people and to Jeru
476,he kings of Assyria come, and find much water? 
Also he strengthened himself, and built up all the wall that was broken, and raised it up to the towers, and another wall without, and repaired Millo in the city of David, and made darts and shields in abundance. 
And he set captains of war over the people, and gathered them together to him in the street of the gate of the city, and spake comfortably to them, saying, 
Be strong and courageous, be not afraid nor dismayed for 
475,of Judaea: for thus it is written by the prophet, 
And thou Bethlehem, in the land of Juda, art not the least among the princes of Juda: for out of thee shall come a Governor, that shall rule my people Israel. 
Then Herod, when he had privily called the wise men, enquired of them diligently what time the star appeared. 
And he sent them to Bethlehem, and said, Go and search diligently for the young child; and when ye have found him, bring me word again, that I may come a
474,ortion of the priests and the Levites, that they might be encouraged in the law of the LORD. 
And as soon as the commandment came abroad, the children of Israel brought in abundance the firstfruits of corn, wine, and oil, and honey, and of all the increase of the field; and the tithe of all things brought they in abundantly. 
And concerning the children of Israel and Judah, that dwelt in the cities of Judah, they also brought in the tithe of oxen and sheep, and the tith
427,he LORD is upon them that fear him, upon them that hope in his mercy; 
To deliver their soul from death, and to keep them alive in famine. 
Our soul waiteth for the LORD: he is our help and our shield. 
For our heart shall rejoice in him, because we have trusted in his holy name. 
Let thy mercy, O LORD, be upon us, according as we hope in thee. 
I will bless the LORD at all times: his praise shall continually be in my mouth
414,that were numbered of them, fifty and two thousand and seven hundred. 
These are the sons of Ephraim after their families: of Shuthelah, the family of the Shuthalhites: of Becher, the family of the Bachrites: of Tahan, the family of the Tahanites. 
And these are the sons of Shuthelah: of Eran, the family of the Eranites. 
These are the families of the sons of Ephraim according to those that were numbered of the
411,rusalem. 
And whatsoever more shall be needful for the house of thy God, which thou shalt have occasion to bestow, bestow it out of the king's treasure house. 
And I, even I Artaxerxes the king, do make a decree to all the treasurers which are beyond the river, that whatsoever Ezra the priest, the scribe of the law of the God of heaven, shall require of you, it be done speedily, 
Unto an hundred talents of s
434, LORD their God had sent him, and the people did fear before the LORD. 
Then spake Haggai the LORD's messenger in the LORD's message unto the people, saying, I am with you, saith the LORD. 
And the LORD stirred up the spirit of Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and the spirit of Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, and the spirit of all the remnant of the people; and they came and did work in the house of
332,to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many. 
And they came to Jericho: and as he went out of Jericho with his disciples and a great number of people, blind Bartimaeus, the son of Timaeus, sat by the highway side begging. 
And when he heard that it was Jesus of Nazareth, he began to cry out, and say, Jesus, thou son of Dav
326,bout the righteous; therefore wrong judgment proceedeth. 
Behold ye among the heathen, and regard, and wonder marvelously: for I will work a work in your days which ye will not believe, though it be told you. 
For, lo, I raise up the Chaldeans, that bitter and hasty nation, which shall march through the breadth of the land, 
418, 
And the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel; and he said, Because that this people hath transgressed my covenant which I commanded their fathers, and have not hearkened unto my voice; 
I also will not henceforth drive out any from before them of the nations which Joshua left when he died: 
That through them I may prove Israel, whether they will keep the way of the LORD to walk therein, as their fathers did k
386,RD; and the LORD shewed him a tree, which when he had cast into the waters, the waters were made sweet: there he made for them a statute and an ordinance, and there he proved them, 
And said, If thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God, and wilt do that which is right in his sight, and wilt give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I will put none 
479,ay time he was teaching in the temple; and at night he went out, and abode in the mount that is called the mount of Olives. 
And all the people came early in the morning to him in the temple, for to hear him. 
Now the feast of unleavened bread drew nigh, which is called the Passover. 
And the chief priests and scribes sought how they might kill him; for they feared the people. 
Then entered Satan into Judas surnamed Iscariot, being of the number of the twelve. 
And he went h
334,s servants go with thy servant. 
And the king said to Absalom, Nay, my son, let us not all now go, lest we be chargeable unto thee. And he pressed him: howbeit he would not go, but blessed him. 
Then said Absalom, If not, I pray thee, let my brother Amnon go with us. And the king said unto him, Why should he go with thee? 
But Absal
395,tongues. 
Are all apostles? are all prophets? are all teachers? are all workers of miracles? 
Have all the gifts of healing? do all speak with tongues? do all interpret? 
But covet earnestly the best gifts: and yet shew I unto you a more excellent way. 
Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal. 
And though 
448,n back? 
Ye mountains, that ye skipped like rams; and ye little hills, like lambs? 
Tremble, thou earth, at the presence of the Lord, at the presence of the God of Jacob; 
Which turned the rock into a standing water, the flint into a fountain of waters. 
Not unto us, O LORD, not unto us, but unto thy name give glory, for thy mercy, and for thy truth's sake. 
Wherefore should the heathen say, Where is now their God? 
But our God is in the heaven
470,ck of our salvation. 
Let us come before his presence with thanksgiving, and make a joyful noise unto him with psalms. 
For the LORD is a great God, and a great King above all gods. 
In his hand are the deep places of the earth: the strength of the hills is his also. 
The sea is his, and he made it: and his hands formed the dry land. 
O come, let us worship and bow down: let us kneel before the LORD our maker. 
For he is our God; and we are the people of his pasture
334,h his poverty might be rich. 
And herein I give my advice: for this is expedient for you, who have begun before, not only to do, but also to be forward a year ago. 
Now therefore perform the doing of it; that as there was a readiness to will, so there may be a performance also out of that which ye have. 
For it there be first a will
468,uth, and will teach you what ye shall do. 
And he shall be thy spokesman unto the people: and he shall be, even he shall be to thee instead of a mouth, and thou shalt be to him instead of God. 
And thou shalt take this rod in thine hand, wherewith thou shalt do signs. 
And Moses went and returned to Jethro his father in law, and said unto him, Let me go, I pray thee, and return unto my brethren which are in Egypt, and see whether they be yet alive. And Jethro said
350,he turn of Esther, the daughter of Abihail the uncle of Mordecai, who had taken her for his daughter, was come to go in unto the king, she required nothing but what Hegai the king's chamberlain, the keeper of the women, appointed. And Esther obtained favour in the sight of all them that looked upon her. 
So Esther was taken unto king Ahasuerus into
390,because they had no root, they withered away. 
And some fell among thorns; and the thorns sprung up, and choked them: 
But other fell into good ground, and brought forth fruit, some an hundredfold, some sixtyfold, some thirtyfold. 
Who hath ears to hear, let him hear. 
And the disciples came, and said unto him, Why speakest thou unto them in parables? 
He answered and said unto them, Bec
321, rock, upon the crag of the rock, and the strong place. 
From thence she seeketh the prey, and her eyes behold afar off. 
Her young ones also suck up blood: and where the slain are, there is she. 
Moreover the LORD answered Job, and said, 
Shall he that contendeth with the Almighty instruct him? he that reproveth God, l
348,ertaineth to his cleansing. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying, 
When ye be come into the land of Canaan, which I give to you for a possession, and I put the plague of leprosy in a house of the land of your possession; 
And he that owneth the house shall come and tell the priest, saying, It seemeth to me there is as it were a p
459,money bullocks, rams, lambs, with their meat offerings and their drink offerings, and offer them upon the altar of the house of your God which is in Jerusalem. 
And whatsoever shall seem good to thee, and to thy brethren, to do with the rest of the silver and the gold, that do after the will of your God. 
The vessels also that are given thee for the service of the house of thy God, those deliver thou before the God of Jerusalem. 
And whatsoever more shall
355,ith a band round about the hole, that it should not rend. 
And they made upon the hems of the robe pomegranates of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and twined linen. 
And they made bells of pure gold, and put the bells between the pomegranates upon the hem of the robe, round about between the pomegranates; 
A bell and a pomegranate, a bell and a pomegrana
462,d in the world to come life everlasting. 
Then he took unto him the twelve, and said unto them, Behold, we go up to Jerusalem, and all things that are written by the prophets concerning the Son of man shall be accomplished. 
For he shall be delivered unto the Gentiles, and shall be mocked, and spitefully entreated, and spitted on: 
And they shall scourge him, and put him to death: and the third day he shall rise again. 
And they understood none of these thin
399,he border of his sanctuary, even to this mountain, which his right hand had purchased. 
He cast out the heathen also before them, and divided them an inheritance by line, and made the tribes of Israel to dwell in their tents. 
Yet they tempted and provoked the most high God, and kept not his testimonies: 
But turned back, and dealt unfaithfully like their fathers: they were turned aside like a de
456,the place where his tent had been at the beginning, between Bethel and Hai; 
Unto the place of the altar, which he had make there at the first: and there Abram called on the name of the LORD. 
And Lot also, which went with Abram, had flocks, and herds, and tents. 
And the land was not able to bear them, that they might dwell together: for their substance was great, so that they could not dwell together. 
And there was a strife between the herdmen of Ab
329,aten the bread of the governor. 
But the former governors that had been before me were chargeable unto the people, and had taken of them bread and wine, beside forty shekels of silver; yea, even their servants bare rule over the people: but so did not I, because of the fear of God. 
Yea, also I continued in the work of this wal
469,r in her youth they lay with her, and they bruised the breasts of her virginity, and poured their whoredom upon her. 
Wherefore I have delivered her into the hand of her lovers, into the hand of the Assyrians, upon whom she doted. 
These discovered her nakedness: they took her sons and her daughters, and slew her with the sword: and she became famous among women; for they had executed judgment upon her. 
And when her sister Aholibah saw this, she was more corrupt i
323,lso an elder, and a witness of the sufferings of Christ, and also a partaker of the glory that shall be revealed: 
Feed the flock of God which is among you, taking the oversight thereof, not by constraint, but willingly; not for filthy lucre, but of a ready mind; 
Neither as being lords over God's heritage, but being ensa
385,s were on the north side of them, by the hill of Moreh, in the valley. 
And the LORD said unto Gideon, The people that are with thee are too many for me to give the Midianites into their hands, lest Israel vaunt themselves against me, saying, Mine own hand hath saved me. 
Now therefore go to, proclaim in the ears of the people, saying, Whosoever is fearful and afraid, let him return
440,d fasting. 
And they departed thence, and passed through Galilee; and he would not that any man should know it. 
For he taught his disciples, and said unto them, The Son of man is delivered into the hands of men, and they shall kill him; and after that he is killed, he shall rise the third day. 
But they understood not that saying, and were afraid to ask him. 
And he came to Capernaum: and being in the house he asked them, What was it t
336,also like the days of an hireling? 
As a servant earnestly desireth the shadow, and as an hireling looketh for the reward of his work: 
So am I made to possess months of vanity, and wearisome nights are appointed to me. 
When I lie down, I say, When shall I arise, and the night be gone? and I am full of tossings to and fro unto the da
326,ve Israel by mine hand, as thou hast said. 
And it was so: for he rose up early on the morrow, and thrust the fleece together, and wringed the dew out of the fleece, a bowl full of water. 
And Gideon said unto God, Let not thine anger be hot against me, and I will speak but this once: let me prove, I pray thee, but this once
441,thence will I command the sword, and it shall slay them: and I will set mine eyes upon them for evil, and not for good. 
And the Lord GOD of hosts is he that toucheth the land, and it shall melt, and all that dwell therein shall mourn: and it shall rise up wholly like a flood; and shall be drowned, as by the flood of Egypt. 
It is he that buildeth his stories in the heaven, and hath founded his troop in the earth; he that calleth for the
450, made us to swear. 
And she said, According unto your words, so be it. And she sent them away, and they departed: and she bound the scarlet line in the window. 
And they went, and came unto the mountain, and abode there three days, until the pursuers were returned: and the pursuers sought them throughout all the way, but found them not. 
So the two men returned, and descended from the mountain, and passed over, and came to Joshua the son of Nun, 
477,ight deliver us from this present evil world, according to the will of God and our Father: 
To whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen. 
I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel: 
Which is not another; but there be some that trouble you, and would pervert the gospel of Christ. 
But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accurse
355,do the heave offering of the threshingfloor, so shall ye heave it. 
Of the first of your dough ye shall give unto the LORD an heave offering in your generations. 
And if ye have erred, and not observed all these commandments, which the LORD hath spoken unto Moses, 
Even all that the LORD hath commanded you by the hand of Moses, from the day that the LOR
397,were tortured, not accepting deliverance; that they might obtain a better resurrection: 
And others had trial of cruel mockings and scourgings, yea, moreover of bonds and imprisonment: 
They were stoned, they were sawn asunder, were tempted, were slain with the sword: they wandered about in sheepskins and goatskins; being destitute, afflicted, tormented; 
(Of whom the world was not worthy:) the
358,e among themselves, Let us not rend it, but cast lots for it, whose it shall be: that the scripture might be fulfilled, which saith, They parted my raiment among them, and for my vesture they did cast lots. These things therefore the soldiers did. 
Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother, and his mother's sister, Mary the wife of Cleophas, and Mar
442, seem to be more feeble, are necessary: 
And those members of the body, which we think to be less honourable, upon these we bestow more abundant honour; and our uncomely parts have more abundant comeliness. 
For our comely parts have no need: but God hath tempered the body together, having given more abundant honour to that part which lacked. 
That there should be no schism in the body; but that the members should have the same care one f
466,e. 
Then the king Ahasuerus answered and said unto Esther the queen, Who is he, and where is he, that durst presume in his heart to do so? 
And Esther said, The adversary and enemy is this wicked Haman. Then Haman was afraid before the king and the queen. 
And the king arising from the banquet of wine in his wrath went into the palace garden: and Haman stood up to make request for his life to Esther the queen; for he saw that there was evil determined against hi
394, you. And they went their way. 
Again he went out about the sixth and ninth hour, and did likewise. 
And about the eleventh hour he went out, and found others standing idle, and saith unto them, Why stand ye here all the day idle? 
They say unto him, Because no man hath hired us. He saith unto them, Go ye also into the vineyard; and whatsoever is right, that shall ye receive. 
So when even w
446,saying, 
Hear now this, O foolish people, and without understanding; which have eyes, and see not; which have ears, and hear not: 
Fear ye not me? saith the LORD: will ye not tremble at my presence, which have placed the sand for the bound of the sea by a perpetual decree, that it cannot pass it: and though the waves thereof toss themselves, yet can they not prevail; though they roar, yet can they not pass over it? 
But this people hath a rev
358, or rush, may do. 
In that day shall Egypt be like unto women: and it shall be afraid and fear because of the shaking of the hand of the LORD of hosts, which he shaketh over it. 
And the land of Judah shall be a terror unto Egypt, every one that maketh mention thereof shall be afraid in himself, because of the counsel of the LORD of hosts, which he hath de
378,ghtest in Israel: and the LORD thy God said unto thee, Thou shalt feed my people Israel, and thou shalt be ruler over my people Israel. 
Therefore came all the elders of Israel to the king to Hebron; and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before the LORD; and they anointed David king over Israel, according to the word of the LORD by Samuel. 
And David and all Israel we
361,e: 
These sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy, but they were not found: therefore were they, as polluted, put from the priesthood. 
And the Tirshatha said unto them, that they should not eat of the most holy things, till there stood up a priest with Urim and with Thummim. 
The whole congregation together was forty and two thousan
382, me above all people: for all the earth is mine: 
And ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation. These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel. 
And Moses came and called for the elders of the people, and laid before their faces all these words which the LORD commanded him. 
And all the people answered together, and said, All that the L
364,bour; 
Or have found that which was lost, and lieth concerning it, and sweareth falsely; in any of all these that a man doeth, sinning therein: 
Then it shall be, because he hath sinned, and is guilty, that he shall restore that which he took violently away, or the thing which he hath deceitfully gotten, or that which was delivered him to keep, or the lost thing
343, sons did all things which the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses. 
And it came to pass on the eighth day, that Moses called Aaron and his sons, and the elders of Israel; 
And he said unto Aaron, Take thee a young calf for a sin offering, and a ram for a burnt offering, without blemish, and offer them before the LORD. 
And unto the children
344,ngs of the deep that lieth under, blessings of the breasts, and of the womb: 
The blessings of thy father have prevailed above the blessings of my progenitors unto the utmost bound of the everlasting hills: they shall be on the head of Joseph, and on the crown of the head of him that was separate from his brethren. 
Benjamin shall ravin as a 
325,nge of raiment. 
And I said, Let them set a fair mitre upon his head. So they set a fair mitre upon his head, and clothed him with garments. And the angel of the LORD stood by. 
And the angel of the LORD protested unto Joshua, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; If thou wilt walk in my ways, and if thou wilt keep my char
349,on. 
He that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself: he that believeth not God hath made him a liar; because he believeth not the record that God gave of his Son. 
And this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son. 
He that hath the Son hath life; and he that hath not the Son of God hath n
394,safely therein, and shall build houses, and plant vineyards; yea, they shall dwell with confidence, when I have executed judgments upon all those that despise them round about them; and they shall know that I am the LORD their God. 
In the tenth year, in the tenth month, in the twelfth day of the month, the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, set thy face against Pharaoh king
470, singing. 
Know ye that the LORD he is God: it is he that hath made us, and not we ourselves; we are his people, and the sheep of his pasture. 
Enter into his gates with thanksgiving, and into his courts with praise: be thankful unto him, and bless his name. 
For the LORD is good; his mercy is everlasting; and his truth endureth to all generations. 
I will sing of mercy and judgment: unto thee, O LORD, will I sing. 
I will behave myself wisely in a perfect way. O wh
404,ou hast given commandment to save me; for thou art my rock and my fortress. 
Deliver me, O my God, out of the hand of the wicked, out of the hand of the unrighteous and cruel man. 
For thou art my hope, O Lord GOD: thou art my trust from my youth. 
By thee have I been holden up from the womb: thou art he that took me out of my mother's bowels: my praise shall be continually of thee. 
I am as a wonder 
469,if ye will deal kindly and truly with my master, tell me: and if not, tell me; that I may turn to the right hand, or to the left. 
Then Laban and Bethuel answered and said, The thing proceedeth from the LORD: we cannot speak unto thee bad or good. 
Behold, Rebekah is before thee, take her, and go, and let her be thy master's son's wife, as the LORD hath spoken. 
And it came to pass, that, when Abraham's servant heard their words, he worshipped the LORD, bowing hims
408,er. 
And thou shalt make loops of blue upon the edge of the one curtain from the selvedge in the coupling; and likewise shalt thou make in the uttermost edge of another curtain, in the coupling of the second. 
Fifty loops shalt thou make in the one curtain, and fifty loops shalt thou make in the edge of the curtain that is in the coupling of the second; that the loops may take hold one of another. 
And th
463,plague was stayed. 
And that was counted unto him for righteousness unto all generations for evermore. 
They angered him also at the waters of strife, so that it went ill with Moses for their sakes: 
Because they provoked his spirit, so that he spake unadvisedly with his lips. 
They did not destroy the nations, concerning whom the LORD commanded them: 
But were mingled among the heathen, and learned their works. 
And they served their idols: which were a snar
444,l fire. 
Likewise also these filthy dreamers defile the flesh, despise dominion, and speak evil of dignities. 
Yet Michael the archangel, when contending with the devil he disputed about the body of Moses, durst not bring against him a railing accusation, but said, The Lord rebuke thee. 
But these speak evil of those things which they know not: but what they know naturally, as brute beasts, in those things they corrupt themselves. 
Woe unto
462,prophet. Come, and let us smite him with the tongue, and let us not give heed to any of his words. 
Give heed to me, O LORD, and hearken to the voice of them that contend with me. 
Shall evil be recompensed for good? for they have digged a pit for my soul. Remember that I stood before thee to speak good for them, and to turn away thy wrath from them. 
Therefore deliver up their children to the famine, and pour out their blood by the force of the sword; and l
323,hom is Hymenaeus and Alexander; whom I have delivered unto Satan, that they may learn not to blaspheme. 
I exhort therefore, that, first of all, supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made for all men; 
For kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in al
439,man and all his family. 
And the man went into the land of the Hittites, and built a city, and called the name thereof Luz: which is the name thereof unto this day. 
Neither did Manasseh drive out the inhabitants of Bethshean and her towns, nor Taanach and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Dor and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Ibleam and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns: but the Canaanites would dwell in that
479,ome from Macedonia, Paul was pressed in the spirit, and testified to the Jews that Jesus was Christ. 
And when they opposed themselves, and blasphemed, he shook his raiment, and said unto them, Your blood be upon your own heads; I am clean; from henceforth I will go unto the Gentiles. 
And he departed thence, and entered into a certain man's house, named Justus, one that worshipped God, whose house joined hard to the synagogue. 
And Crispus, the chief ruler of the synagogue,
373,hat was desolate is become like the garden of Eden; and the waste and desolate and ruined cities are become fenced, and are inhabited. 
Then the heathen that are left round about you shall know that I the LORD build the ruined places, and plant that that was desolate: I the LORD have spoken it, and I will do it. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will yet for this be enquired o
366,nd I shall be safe: and I will have respect unto thy statutes continually. 
Thou hast trodden down all them that err from thy statutes: for their deceit is falsehood. 
Thou puttest away all the wicked of the earth like dross: therefore I love thy testimonies. 
My flesh trembleth for fear of thee; and I am afraid of thy judgments. 
I have done judgment and justice:
413,, I pray thee, with that same red pottage; for I am faint: therefore was his name called Edom. 
And Jacob said, Sell me this day thy birthright. 
And Esau said, Behold, I am at the point to die: and what profit shall this birthright do to me? 
And Jacob said, Swear to me this day; and he sware unto him: and he sold his birthright unto Jacob. 
Then Jacob gave Esau bread and pottage of lentiles; and he did eat a
336,hou make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land, and they go a whoring after their gods, and do sacrifice unto their gods, and one call thee, and thou eat of his sacrifice; 
And thou take of their daughters unto thy sons, and their daughters go a whoring after their gods, and make thy sons go a whoring after their gods. 
Thou sha
330,There are many devices in a man's heart; nevertheless the counsel of the LORD, that shall stand. 
The desire of a man is his kindness: and a poor man is better than a liar. 
The fear of the LORD tendeth to life: and he that hath it shall abide satisfied; he shall not be visited with evil. 
A slothful man hideth his hand in his b
347,And the sword shall come upon Egypt, and great pain shall be in Ethiopia, when the slain shall fall in Egypt, and they shall take away her multitude, and her foundations shall be broken down. 
Ethiopia, and Libya, and Lydia, and all the mingled people, and Chub, and the men of the land that is in league, shall fall with them by the sword. 
Thus 
441,s' father in law, took Zipporah, Moses' wife, after he had sent her back, 
And her two sons; of which the name of the one was Gershom; for he said, I have been an alien in a strange land: 
And the name of the other was Eliezer; for the God of my father, said he, was mine help, and delivered me from the sword of Pharaoh: 
And Jethro, Moses' father in law, came with his sons and his wife unto Moses into the wilderness, where he encamped at
471,d the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger. 
And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, and saying, 
Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men. 
And it came to pass, as the angels were gone away from them into heaven, the shepherds said one to another, Let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and see this thing which is come to pass, which the Lord hath made known unto us. 
And they came 
419,if thou have no delight in her, then thou shalt let her go whither she will; but thou shalt not sell her at all for money, thou shalt not make merchandise of her, because thou hast humbled her. 
If a man have two wives, one beloved, and another hated, and they have born him children, both the beloved and the hated; and if the firstborn son be hers that was hated: 
Then it shall be, when he maketh his sons to inherit
330,to dwell in this place, in the land that I gave to your fathers, for ever and ever. 
Behold, ye trust in lying words, that cannot profit. 
Will ye steal, murder, and commit adultery, and swear falsely, and burn incense unto Baal, and walk after other gods whom ye know not; 
And come and stand before me in this house, which is ca
410, us commit fornication, as some of them committed, and fell in one day three and twenty thousand. 
Neither let us tempt Christ, as some of them also tempted, and were destroyed of serpents. 
Neither murmur ye, as some of them also murmured, and were destroyed of the destroyer. 
Now all these things happened unto them for ensamples: and they are written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the world are
341,cried unto thee, and thou hast healed me. 
O LORD, thou hast brought up my soul from the grave: thou hast kept me alive, that I should not go down to the pit. 
Sing unto the LORD, O ye saints of his, and give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness. 
For his anger endureth but a moment; in his favour is life: weeping may endure for a nig
396, the Philistines came up to seek David; and David heard of it, and went down to the hold. 
The Philistines also came and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim. 
And David enquired of the LORD, saying, Shall I go up to the Philistines? wilt thou deliver them into mine hand? And the LORD said unto David, Go up: for I will doubtless deliver the Philistines into thine hand. 
And David came to
453,shall he make to understand doctrine? them that are weaned from the milk, and drawn from the breasts. 
For precept must be upon precept, precept upon precept; line upon line, line upon line; here a little, and there a little: 
For with stammering lips and another tongue will he speak to this people. 
To whom he said, This is the rest wherewith ye may cause the weary to rest; and this is the refreshing: yet they would not hear. 
But the word of the L
329,was the son of Saruch, which was the son of Ragau, which was the son of Phalec, which was the son of Heber, which was the son of Sala, 
Which was the son of Cainan, which was the son of Arphaxad, which was the son of Sem, which was the son of Noe, which was the son of Lamech, 
Which was the son of Mathusala, which was the son o
397, and drank the wine of their drink offerings? let them rise up and help you, and be your protection. 
See now that I, even I, am he, and there is no god with me: I kill, and I make alive; I wound, and I heal: neither is there any that can deliver out of my hand. 
For I lift up my hand to heaven, and say, I live for ever. 
If I whet my glittering sword, and mine hand take hold on judgment; I wil
432,hich flattereth with her words. 
For at the window of my house I looked through my casement, 
And beheld among the simple ones, I discerned among the youths, a young man void of understanding, 
Passing through the street near her corner; and he went the way to her house, 
In the twilight, in the evening, in the black and dark night: 
And, behold, there met him a woman with the attire of an harlot, and subtil of heart. 
(She is l
418,ause their captivity to return, and have mercy on them. 
The word which came unto Jeremiah from the LORD, when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and all his army, and all the kingdoms of the earth of his dominion, and all the people, fought against Jerusalem, and against all the cities thereof, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel; Go and speak to Zedekiah king of Judah, and tell him, Thus saith the LORD; 
414,Nedabiah. 
And the sons of Pedaiah were, Zerubbabel, and Shimei: and the sons of Zerubbabel; Meshullam, and Hananiah, and Shelomith their sister: 
And Hashubah, and Ohel, and Berechiah, and Hasadiah, Jushabhesed, five. 
And the sons of Hananiah; Pelatiah, and Jesaiah: the sons of Rephaiah, the sons of Arnan, the sons of Obadiah, the sons of Shechaniah. 
And the sons of Shechaniah; Shemaiah: and the sons of Shem
406,fall in his brother's way. 
I know, and am persuaded by the Lord Jesus, that there is nothing unclean of itself: but to him that esteemeth any thing to be unclean, to him it is unclean. 
But if thy brother be grieved with thy meat, now walkest thou not charitably. Destroy not him with thy meat, for whom Christ died. 
Let not then your good be evil spoken of: 
For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink
403,ho are of the valley of Jezreel. 
And Joshua spake unto the house of Joseph, even to Ephraim and to Manasseh, saying, Thou art a great people, and hast great power: thou shalt not have one lot only: 
But the mountain shall be thine; for it is a wood, and thou shalt cut it down: and the outgoings of it shall be thine: for thou shalt drive out the Canaanites, though they have iron chariots, and though 
464,at I should be son in law to the king? 
But it came to pass at the time when Merab Saul's daughter should have been given to David, that she was given unto Adriel the Meholathite to wife. 
And Michal Saul's daughter loved David: and they told Saul, and the thing pleased him. 
And Saul said, I will give him her, that she may be a snare to him, and that the hand of the Philistines may be against him. Wherefore Saul said to David, Thou shalt this day be my son in
423,lon, who art to be destroyed; happy shall he be, that rewardeth thee as thou hast served us. 
Happy shall he be, that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the stones. 
I will praise thee with my whole heart: before the gods will I sing praise unto thee. 
I will worship toward thy holy temple, and praise thy name for thy lovingkindness and for thy truth: for thou hast magnified thy word above all thy name. 
In the 
352, of the land of Egypt. 
And when Aaron saw it, he built an altar before it; and Aaron made proclamation, and said, To morrow is a feast to the LORD. 
And they rose up early on the morrow, and offered burnt offerings, and brought peace offerings; and the people sat down to eat and to drink, and rose up to play. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Go, get t
451,h their sins; 
Behold, I will take away the posterity of Baasha, and the posterity of his house; and will make thy house like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat. 
Him that dieth of Baasha in the city shall the dogs eat; and him that dieth of his in the fields shall the fowls of the air eat. 
Now the rest of the acts of Baasha, and what he did, and his might, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel? 
So Baasha 
322,e is a fretting leprosy; it is unclean. 
He shall therefore burn that garment, whether warp or woof, in woollen or in linen, or any thing of skin, wherein the plague is: for it is a fretting leprosy; it shall be burnt in the fire. 
And if the priest shall look, and, behold, the plague be not spread in the garment, either
417,will take the remnant of Judah, that have set their faces to go into the land of Egypt to sojourn there, and they shall all be consumed, and fall in the land of Egypt; they shall even be consumed by the sword and by the famine: they shall die, from the least even unto the greatest, by the sword and by the famine: and they shall be an execration, and an astonishment, and a curse, and a reproach. 
For I will punish 
331,came unto me. 
Then shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and gave thee drink? 
When saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in? or naked, and clothed thee? 
Or when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and came unto thee? 
And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily
448,hall labour in the very fire, and the people shall weary themselves for very vanity? 
For the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the LORD, as the waters cover the sea. 
Woe unto him that giveth his neighbour drink, that puttest thy bottle to him, and makest him drunken also, that thou mayest look on their nakedness! 
Thou art filled with shame for glory: drink thou also, and let thy foreskin be uncovered: the cup of the LO
406,f the children of Israel shall he turn to the Lord their God. 
And he shall go before him in the spirit and power of Elias, to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just; to make ready a people prepared for the Lord. 
And Zacharias said unto the angel, Whereby shall I know this? for I am an old man, and my wife well stricken in years. 
And the angel ans
354,wicked is driven away in his wickedness: but the righteous hath hope in his death. 
Wisdom resteth in the heart of him that hath understanding: but that which is in the midst of fools is made known. 
Righteousness exalteth a nation: but sin is a reproach to any people. 
The king's favour is toward a wise servant: but his wrath is against him that cause
439,ment. 
And from the wicked their light is withholden, and the high arm shall be broken. 
Hast thou entered into the springs of the sea? or hast thou walked in the search of the depth? 
Have the gates of death been opened unto thee? or hast thou seen the doors of the shadow of death? 
Hast thou perceived the breadth of the earth? declare if thou knowest it all. 
Where is the way where light dwelleth? and as for darkness, where is the pl
325,d he made an hanging for the tabernacle door of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, of needlework; 
And the five pillars of it with their hooks: and he overlaid their chapiters and their fillets with gold: but their five sockets were of brass. 
And Bezaleel made the ark of shittim wood: two cubits and a ha
391,d Aquila, and the household of Onesiphorus. 
Erastus abode at Corinth: but Trophimus have I left at Miletum sick. 
Do thy diligence to come before winter. Eubulus greeteth thee, and Pudens, and Linus, and Claudia, and all the brethren. 
The Lord Jesus Christ be with thy spirit. Grace be with you. Amen. 
Paul, a servant of God, and an apostle of Jesus Christ, according to the faith of God'
370,went into the synagogue of the Jews. 
These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were so. 
Therefore many of them believed; also of honourable women which were Greeks, and of men, not a few. 
But when the Jews of Thessalonica had knowledge that the
402,ez were Hezron and Hamul. 
And the sons of Issachar; Tola, and Phuvah, and Job, and Shimron. 
And the sons of Zebulun; Sered, and Elon, and Jahleel. 
These be the sons of Leah, which she bare unto Jacob in Padanaram, with his daughter Dinah: all the souls of his sons and his daughters were thirty and three. 
And the sons of Gad; Ziphion, and Haggi, Shuni, and Ezbon, Eri, and Arodi, and Areli. 
And t
349,by the way as they came forth out of Egypt, them they had not circumcised. 
For the children of Israel walked forty years in the wilderness, till all the people that were men of war, which came out of Egypt, were consumed, because they obeyed not the voice of the LORD: unto whom the LORD sware that he would not shew them the land, which the LORD s
417,at you up. 
And they that are left of you shall pine away in their iniquity in your enemies' lands; and also in the iniquities of their fathers shall they pine away with them. 
If they shall confess their iniquity, and the iniquity of their fathers, with their trespass which they trespassed against me, and that also they have walked contrary unto me; 
And that I also have walked contrary unto them, and have brough
438, and to say, Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand. 
And Jesus, walking by the sea of Galilee, saw two brethren, Simon called Peter, and Andrew his brother, casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers. 
And he saith unto them, Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men. 
And they straightway left their nets, and followed him. 
And going on from thence, he saw other two brethren, James the son of Zebedee, and John his b
373,; seeing all the people were in ignorance. 
And if any soul sin through ignorance, then he shall bring a she goat of the first year for a sin offering. 
And the priest shall make an atonement for the soul that sinneth ignorantly, when he sinneth by ignorance before the LORD, to make an atonement for him; and it shall be forgiven him. 
Ye shall have one law for him that s
411,heard: for the LORD hath spoiled their pasture. 
And the peaceable habitations are cut down because of the fierce anger of the LORD. 
He hath forsaken his covert, as the lion: for their land is desolate because of the fierceness of the oppressor, and because of his fierce anger. 
In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah came this word from the LORD, saying, 
Thus saith the L
348,these were the heads of the house of their fathers, even Epher, and Ishi, and Eliel, and Azriel, and Jeremiah, and Hodaviah, and Jahdiel, mighty men of valour, famous men, and heads of the house of their fathers. 
And they transgressed against the God of their fathers, and went a whoring after the gods of the people of the land, whom God destroye
478, years shall ye be troubled, ye careless women: for the vintage shall fail, the gathering shall not come. 
Tremble, ye women that are at ease; be troubled, ye careless ones: strip you, and make you bare, and gird sackcloth upon your loins. 
They shall lament for the teats, for the pleasant fields, for the fruitful vine. 
Upon the land of my people shall come up thorns and briers; yea, upon all the houses of joy in the joyous city: 
Because the palaces shall be forsaken; the
399,n great indignation, and cast them into another land, as it is this day. 
The secret things belong unto the LORD our God: but those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children for ever, that we may do all the words of this law. 
And it shall come to pass, when all these things are come upon thee, the blessing and the curse, which I have set before thee, and thou shalt call them t
382,he outside of the camp, it shall be that, as I do, so shall ye do. 
When I blow with a trumpet, I and all that are with me, then blow ye the trumpets also on every side of all the camp, and say, The sword of the LORD, and of Gideon. 
So Gideon, and the hundred men that were with him, came unto the outside of the camp in the beginning of the middle watch; and they had but newly se
463,ss, that, as I made my journey, and was come nigh unto Damascus about noon, suddenly there shone from heaven a great light round about me. 
And I fell unto the ground, and heard a voice saying unto me, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? 
And I answered, Who art thou, Lord? And he said unto me, I am Jesus of Nazareth, whom thou persecutest. 
And they that were with me saw indeed the light, and were afraid; but they heard not the voice of him that spake to me
367,d destroyed them not; 
Behold, I say, how they reward us, to come to cast us out of thy possession, which thou hast given us to inherit. 
O our God, wilt thou not judge them? for we have no might against this great company that cometh against us; neither know we what to do: but our eyes are upon thee. 
And all Judah stood before the LORD, with their little ones, th
443, 
To go into the clefts of the rocks, and into the tops of the ragged rocks, for fear of the LORD, and for the glory of his majesty, when he ariseth to shake terribly the earth. 
Cease ye from man, whose breath is in his nostrils: for wherein is he to be accounted of ? 
For, behold, the Lord, the LORD of hosts, doth take away from Jerusalem and from Judah the stay and the staff, the whole stay of bread, and the whole stay of water. 
The mi
397,m that walk uprightly. 
He keepeth the paths of judgment, and preserveth the way of his saints. 
Then shalt thou understand righteousness, and judgment, and equity; yea, every good path. 
When wisdom entereth into thine heart, and knowledge is pleasant unto thy soul; 
Discretion shall preserve thee, understanding shall keep thee: 
To deliver thee from the way of the evil man, from the man that 
390, against the LORD, against the Holy One of Israel. 
Therefore shall her young men fall in the streets, and all her men of war shall be cut off in that day, saith the LORD. 
Behold, I am against thee, O thou most proud, saith the Lord GOD of hosts: for thy day is come, the time that I will visit thee. 
And the most proud shall stumble and fall, and none shall raise him up: and I will kind
429,r by the LORD, and that swear by Malcham; 
And them that are turned back from the LORD; and those that have not sought the LORD, nor enquired for him. 
Hold thy peace at the presence of the Lord GOD: for the day of the LORD is at hand: for the LORD hath prepared a sacrifice, he hath bid his guests. 
And it shall come to pass in the day of the LORD's sacrifice, that I will punish the princes, and the king's children, and all s
461,they went and returned unto their inheritance, and repaired the cities, and dwelt in them. 
And the children of Israel departed thence at that time, every man to his tribe and to his family, and they went out from thence every man to his inheritance. 
In those days there was no king in Israel: every man did that which was right in his own eyes. 
Now it came to pass in the days when the judges ruled, that there was a famine in the land. And a certain man of 
457,el assembled themselves unto the king in the feast which was in the seventh month. 
And all the elders of Israel came; and the Levites took up the ark. 
And they brought up the ark, and the tabernacle of the congregation, and all the holy vessels that were in the tabernacle, these did the priests and the Levites bring up. 
Also king Solomon, and all the congregation of Israel that were assembled unto him before the ark, sacrificed sheep and oxen, which 
349,y to Ephrath, which is Bethlehem. 
And Jacob set a pillar upon her grave: that is the pillar of Rachel's grave unto this day. 
And Israel journeyed, and spread his tent beyond the tower of Edar. 
And it came to pass, when Israel dwelt in that land, that Reuben went and lay with Bilhah his father's concubine: and Israel heard it. Now the sons of Ja
445, he and all the men of Israel with him. 
And Absalom made Amasa captain of the host instead of Joab: which Amasa was a man's son, whose name was Ithra an Israelite, that went in to Abigail the daughter of Nahash, sister to Zeruiah Joab's mother. 
So Israel and Absalom pitched in the land of Gilead. 
And it came to pass, when David was come to Mahanaim, that Shobi the son of Nahash of Rabbah of the children of Ammon, and Machir the son of Amm
382,hee much soap, yet thine iniquity is marked before me, saith the Lord GOD. 
How canst thou say, I am not polluted, I have not gone after Baalim? see thy way in the valley, know what thou hast done: thou art a swift dromedary traversing her ways; 
A wild ass used to the wilderness, that snuffeth up the wind at her pleasure; in her occasion who can turn her away? all they that seek
376,sware unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob; because they have not wholly followed me: 
Save Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite, and Joshua the son of Nun: for they have wholly followed the LORD. 
And the LORD'S anger was kindled against Israel, and he made them wander in the wilderness forty years, until all the generation, that had done evil in the sight of the LO
322,work that God maketh from the beginning to the end. 
I know that there is no good in them, but for a man to rejoice, and to do good in his life. 
And also that every man should eat and drink, and enjoy the good of all his labour, it is the gift of God. 
I know that, whatsoever God doeth, it shall be for ever: nothing can
449, shall lose his life shall preserve it. 
I tell you, in that night there shall be two men in one bed; the one shall be taken, and the other shall be left. 
Two women shall be grinding together; the one shall be taken, and the other left. 
Two men shall be in the field; the one shall be taken, and the other left. 
And they answered and said unto him, Where, Lord? And he said unto them, Wheresoever the body is, thither will the eagles be gathered 
378,ple shouted with a great shout, when they praised the LORD, because the foundation of the house of the LORD was laid. 
But many of the priests and Levites and chief of the fathers, who were ancient men, that had seen the first house, when the foundation of this house was laid before their eyes, wept with a loud voice; and many shouted aloud for joy: 
So that the people could 
447,e. 
The pastures are clothed with flocks; the valleys also are covered over with corn; they shout for joy, they also sing. 
Make a joyful noise unto God, all ye lands: 
Sing forth the honour of his name: make his praise glorious. 
Say unto God, How terrible art thou in thy works! through the greatness of thy power shall thine enemies submit themselves unto thee. 
All the earth shall worship thee, and shall sing unto thee; they shall sing to th
367,do. 
In that day shall Egypt be like unto women: and it shall be afraid and fear because of the shaking of the hand of the LORD of hosts, which he shaketh over it. 
And the land of Judah shall be a terror unto Egypt, every one that maketh mention thereof shall be afraid in himself, because of the counsel of the LORD of hosts, which he hath determined against it. 
I
381,captains over thousands and hundreds, and the captains of the host, had dedicated. 
Out of the spoils won in battles did they dedicate to maintain the house of the LORD. 
And all that Samuel the seer, and Saul the son of Kish, and Abner the son of Ner, and Joab the son of Zeruiah, had dedicated; and whosoever had dedicated any thing, it was under the hand of Shelomith, and of hi
466,eth without. 
And they consider not in their hearts that I remember all their wickedness: now their own doings have beset them about; they are before my face. 
They make the king glad with their wickedness, and the princes with their lies. 
They are all adulterers, as an oven heated by the baker, who ceaseth from raising after he hath kneaded the dough, until it be leavened. 
In the day of our king the princes have made him sick with bottles of wine; he stretche
442,dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by a sword, and did live. 
And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. 
And he causeth a
465,d could not speak peaceably unto him. 
And Joseph dreamed a dream, and he told it his brethren: and they hated him yet the more. 
And he said unto them, Hear, I pray you, this dream which I have dreamed: 
For, behold, we were binding sheaves in the field, and, lo, my sheaf arose, and also stood upright; and, behold, your sheaves stood round about, and made obeisance to my sheaf. 
And his brethren said to him, Shalt thou indeed reign over us? or shalt thou indee
447,of Hegai, keeper of the women. 
And the maiden pleased him, and she obtained kindness of him; and he speedily gave her her things for purification, with such things as belonged to her, and seven maidens, which were meet to be given her, out of the king's house: and he preferred her and her maids unto the best place of the house of the women. 
Esther had not shewed her people nor her kindred: for Mordecai had charged her that she should not she
448,ed from Rameses to Succoth, about six hundred thousand on foot that were men, beside children. 
And a mixed multitude went up also with them; and flocks, and herds, even very much cattle. 
And they baked unleavened cakes of the dough which they brought forth out of Egypt, for it was not leavened; because they were thrust out of Egypt, and could not tarry, neither had they prepared for themselves any victual. 
Now the sojourning of the children 
441, of the children of Heth, even of all that went in at the gate of his city, saying, 
Nay, my lord, hear me: the field give I thee, and the cave that is therein, I give it thee; in the presence of the sons of my people give I it thee: bury thy dead. 
And Abraham bowed down himself before the people of the land. 
And he spake unto Ephron in the audience of the people of the land, saying, But if thou wilt give it, I pray thee, hear me: I wi
398,. Then they began at the ancient men which were before the house. 
And he said unto them, Defile the house, and fill the courts with the slain: go ye forth. And they went forth, and slew in the city. 
And it came to pass, while they were slaying them, and I was left, that I fell upon my face, and cried, and said, Ah Lord GOD! wilt thou destroy all the residue of Israel in thy pouring out of thy 
438,it to weigh a talent of gold, and there were precious stones in it; and it was set upon David's head: and he brought also exceeding much spoil out of the city. 
And he brought out the people that were in it, and cut them with saws, and with harrows of iron, and with axes. Even so dealt David with all the cities of the children of Ammon. And David and all the people returned to Jerusalem. 
And it came to pass after this, that there aro
381,teousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom. 
Thou hast loved righteousness, and hated iniquity; therefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows. 
And, Thou, Lord, in the beginning hast laid the foundation of the earth; and the heavens are the works of thine hands: 
They shall perish; but thou remainest; and they all shall wax old as doth a
430,am the first, I also am the last. 
Mine hand also hath laid the foundation of the earth, and my right hand hath spanned the heavens: when I call unto them, they stand up together. 
All ye, assemble yourselves, and hear; which among them hath declared these things? The LORD hath loved him: he will do his pleasure on Babylon, and his arm shall be on the Chaldeans. 
I, even I, have spoken; yea, I have called him: I have brought h
426,oiakim the king, with all his mighty men, and all the princes, heard his words, the king sought to put him to death: but when Urijah heard it, he was afraid, and fled, and went into Egypt; 
And Jehoiakim the king sent men into Egypt, namely, Elnathan the son of Achbor, and certain men with him into Egypt. 
And they fetched forth Urijah out of Egypt, and brought him unto Jehoiakim the king; who slew him with the sword, and 
344,ou the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but were eyewitnesses of his majesty. 
For he received from God the Father honour and glory, when there came such a voice to him from the excellent glory, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased. 
And this voice which came from heaven we heard, when we were with him in the holy mount
348,en ye dwell among us? 
Now therefore ye are cursed, and there shall none of you be freed from being bondmen, and hewers of wood and drawers of water for the house of my God. 
And they answered Joshua, and said, Because it was certainly told thy servants, how that the LORD thy God commanded his servant Moses to give you all the land, and to destro
444,ger. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you; that my wonders may be multiplied in the land of Egypt. 
And Moses and Aaron did all these wonders before Pharaoh: and the LORD hardened Pharaoh's heart, so that he would not let the children of Israel go out of his land. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron in the land of Egypt saying, 
This month shall be unto you the beginning of months: it shall be the first mon
364,bullock, and a ram out of the flock, without blemish. 
Seven days shall they purge the altar and purify it; and they shall consecrate themselves. 
And when these days are expired, it shall be, that upon the eighth day, and so forward, the priests shall make your burnt offerings upon the altar, and your peace offerings; and I will accept you, saith the Lord GOD. 
323,ich besiege you without the walls, and I will assemble them into the midst of this city. 
And I myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong arm, even in anger, and in fury, and in great wrath. 
And I will smite the inhabitants of this city, both man and beast: they shall die of a great pestil
362, should have the fifth part, except the land of the priests only, which became not Pharaoh's. 
And Israel dwelt in the land of Egypt, in the country of Goshen; and they had possessions therein, and grew, and multiplied exceedingly. 
And Jacob lived in the land of Egypt seventeen years: so the whole age of Jacob was an hundred forty and seven years. 
And the ti
444,he wise useth knowledge aright: but the mouth of fools poureth out foolishness. 
The eyes of the LORD are in every place, beholding the evil and the good. 
A wholesome tongue is a tree of life: but perverseness therein is a breach in the spirit. 
A fool despiseth his father's instruction: but he that regardeth reproof is prudent. 
In the house of the righteous is much treasure: but in the revenues of the wicked is trouble. 
The lips of the 
395,reof, to cover withal: of pure gold shalt thou make them. 
And thou shalt set upon the table shewbread before me alway. 
And thou shalt make a candlestick of pure gold: of beaten work shall the candlestick be made: his shaft, and his branches, his bowls, his knops, and his flowers, shall be of the same. 
And six branches shall come out of the sides of it; three branches of the candlestick out
351,word unto me, I stood trembling. 
Then said he unto me, Fear not, Daniel: for from the first day that thou didst set thine heart to understand, and to chasten thyself before thy God, thy words were heard, and I am come for thy words. 
But the prince of the kingdom of Persia withstood me one and twenty days: but, lo, Michael, one of the chief princes
394,pen of a ready writer. 
Thou art fairer than the children of men: grace is poured into thy lips: therefore God hath blessed thee for ever. 
Gird thy sword upon thy thigh, O most mighty, with thy glory and thy majesty. 
And in thy majesty ride prosperously because of truth and meekness and righteousness; and thy right hand shall teach thee terrible things. 
Thine arrows are sharp in the heart
438,with the upright man thou wilt shew thyself upright. 
With the pure thou wilt shew thyself pure; and with the froward thou wilt shew thyself unsavoury. 
And the afflicted people thou wilt save: but thine eyes are upon the haughty, that thou mayest bring them down. 
For thou art my lamp, O LORD: and the LORD will lighten my darkness. 
For by thee I have run through a troop: by my God have I leaped over a wall. 
As for God, his way is p
437,ey are no more twain, but one flesh. What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder. 
They say unto him, Why did Moses then command to give a writing of divorcement, and to put her away? 
He saith unto them, Moses because of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to put away your wives: but from the beginning it was not so. 
And I say unto you, Whosoever shall put away his wife, except it be for fornication, and s
370,ebedee, and John his brother; 
Philip, and Bartholomew; Thomas, and Matthew the publican; James the son of Alphaeus, and Lebbaeus, whose surname was Thaddaeus; 
Simon the Canaanite, and Judas Iscariot, who also betrayed him. 
These twelve Jesus sent forth, and commanded them, saying, Go not into the way of the Gentiles, and into any city of the Samaritans enter ye not
408,ia sent him,) and fought against Ashdod, and took it; 
At the same time spake the LORD by Isaiah the son of Amoz, saying, Go and loose the sackcloth from off thy loins, and put off thy shoe from thy foot. And he did so, walking naked and barefoot. 
And the LORD said, Like as my servant Isaiah hath walked naked and barefoot three years for a sign and wonder upon Egypt and upon Ethiopia; 
So shall the king 
441,into the world, who confess not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh. This is a deceiver and an antichrist. 
Look to yourselves, that we lose not those things which we have wrought, but that we receive a full reward. 
Whosoever transgresseth, and abideth not in the doctrine of Christ, hath not God. He that abideth in the doctrine of Christ, he hath both the Father and the Son. 
If there come any unto you, and bring not this doctrine, r
478,n the land of Egypt! or would God we had died in this wilderness! 
And wherefore hath the LORD brought us unto this land, to fall by the sword, that our wives and our children should be a prey? were it not better for us to return into Egypt? 
And they said one to another, Let us make a captain, and let us return into Egypt. 
Then Moses and Aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly of the congregation of the children of Israel. 
And Joshua the son of Nun, and Caleb t
437,eth down unto it, and worshippeth it, and prayeth unto it, and saith, Deliver me; for thou art my god. 
They have not known nor understood: for he hath shut their eyes, that they cannot see; and their hearts, that they cannot understand. 
And none considereth in his heart, neither is there knowledge nor understanding to say, I have burned part of it in the fire; yea, also I have baked bread upon the coals thereof; I have roasted fles
456,And the LORD'S anger was kindled the same time, and he sware, saying, 
Surely none of the men that came up out of Egypt, from twenty years old and upward, shall see the land which I sware unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob; because they have not wholly followed me: 
Save Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite, and Joshua the son of Nun: for they have wholly followed the LORD. 
And the LORD'S anger was kindled against Israel, and he made them wan
340, taught. 
And the Jews marvelled, saying, How knoweth this man letters, having never learned? 
Jesus answered them, and said, My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me. 
If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself. 
He that speaketh of himself seeketh his own glory: bu
425, the king's chamberlain, which kept the concubines: she came in unto the king no more, except the king delighted in her, and that she were called by name. 
Now when the turn of Esther, the daughter of Abihail the uncle of Mordecai, who had taken her for his daughter, was come to go in unto the king, she required nothing but what Hegai the king's chamberlain, the keeper of the women, appointed. And Esther obtained favour i
408,
And the servant told Isaac all things that he had done. 
And Isaac brought her into his mother Sarah's tent, and took Rebekah, and she became his wife; and he loved her: and Isaac was comforted after his mother's death. 
Then again Abraham took a wife, and her name was Keturah. 
And she bare him Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah. 
And Jokshan begat Sheba, and Dedan. And th
348,eph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judaea, unto the city of David, which is called Bethlehem; (because he was of the house and lineage of David:) 
To be taxed with Mary his espoused wife, being great with child. 
And so it was, that, while they were there, the days were accomplished that she should be delivered. 
And
373,eive it, why dost thou glory, as if thou hadst not received it? 
Now ye are full, now ye are rich, ye have reigned as kings without us: and I would to God ye did reign, that we also might reign with you. 
For I think that God hath set forth us the apostles last, as it were appointed to death: for we are made a spectacle unto the world, and to angels, and to men. 
We are 
341,een cities with their suburbs. 
And unto the families of the children of Merari, the rest of the Levites, out of the tribe of Zebulun, Jokneam with her suburbs, and Kartah with her suburbs, 
Dimnah with her suburbs, Nahalal with her suburbs; four cities. 
And out of the tribe of Reuben, Bezer with her suburbs, and Jahazah with her suburbs,
384,then shall we raise against him seven shepherds, and eight principal men. 
And they shall waste the land of Assyria with the sword, and the land of Nimrod in the entrances thereof: thus shall he deliver us from the Assyrian, when he cometh into our land, and when he treadeth within our borders. 
And the remnant of Jacob shall be in the midst of many people as a dew from the LORD, a
435, both of them shall be cut off from among their people. 
And thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy mother's sister, nor of thy father's sister: for he uncovereth his near kin: they shall bear their iniquity. 
And if a man shall lie with his uncle's wife, he hath uncovered his uncle's nakedness: they shall bear their sin; they shall die childless. 
And if a man shall take his brother's wife, it is an unclean thing: he hath unc
325,ua to speak unto the people, according to all that Moses commanded Joshua: and the people hasted and passed over. 
And it came to pass, when all the people were clean passed over, that the ark of the LORD passed over, and the priests, in the presence of the people. 
And the children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, and h
416,ar unto the altar, they washed; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And he reared up the court round about the tabernacle and the altar, and set up the hanging of the court gate. So Moses finished the work. 
Then a cloud covered the tent of the congregation, and the glory of the LORD filled the tabernacle. 
And Moses was not able to enter into the tent of the congregation, because the cloud abode thereon, and the glory
328,e angry, and thy wrath is come, and the time of the dead, that they should be judged, and that thou shouldest give reward unto thy servants the prophets, and to the saints, and them that fear thy name, small and great; and shouldest destroy them which destroy the earth. 
And the temple of God was opened in heaven, and there wa
455,. 
Then said he unto me, The north chambers and the south chambers, which are before the separate place, they be holy chambers, where the priests that approach unto the LORD shall eat the most holy things: there shall they lay the most holy things, and the meat offering, and the sin offering, and the trespass offering; for the place is holy. 
When the priests enter therein, then shall they not go out of the holy place into the utter court, but there t
456, power of darkness. 
Then took they him, and led him, and brought him into the high priest's house. And Peter followed afar off. 
And when they had kindled a fire in the midst of the hall, and were set down together, Peter sat down among them. 
But a certain maid beheld him as he sat by the fire, and earnestly looked upon him, and said, This man was also with him. 
And he denied him, saying, Woman, I know him not. 
And after a little while another saw 
474,eceive thy sisters, thine elder and thy younger: and I will give them unto thee for daughters, but not by thy covenant. 
And I will establish my covenant with thee; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD: 
That thou mayest remember, and be confounded, and never open thy mouth any more because of thy shame, when I am pacified toward thee for all that thou hast done, saith the Lord GOD. 
And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, put forth a riddle, and s
397,ions of thieves: every one loveth gifts, and followeth after rewards: they judge not the fatherless, neither doth the cause of the widow come unto them. 
Therefore saith the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the mighty One of Israel, Ah, I will ease me of mine adversaries, and avenge me of mine enemies: 
And I will turn my hand upon thee, and purely purge away thy dross, and take away all thy tin: 
And 
373,oreover if thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone: if he shall hear thee, thou hast gained thy brother. 
But if he will not hear thee, then take with thee one or two more, that in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may be established. 
And if he shall neglect to hear them, tell it unto the church: but if 
387,halt say unto him, By strength of hand the LORD brought us out from Egypt, from the house of bondage: 
And it came to pass, when Pharaoh would hardly let us go, that the LORD slew all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both the firstborn of man, and the firstborn of beast: therefore I sacrifice to the LORD all that openeth the matrix, being males; but all the firstborn of my children
480,sited his people in giving them bread. 
Wherefore she went forth out of the place where she was, and her two daughters in law with her; and they went on the way to return unto the land of Judah. 
And Naomi said unto her two daughters in law, Go, return each to her mother's house: the LORD deal kindly with you, as ye have dealt with the dead, and with me. 
The LORD grant you that ye may find rest, each of you in the house of her husband. Then she kissed them; and they lifted u
384,in the river, and they shall be turned to blood. 
And the fish that is in the river shall die, and the river shall stink; and the Egyptians shall lothe to drink of the water of the river. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Take thy rod, and stretch out thine hand upon the waters of Egypt, upon their streams, upon their rivers, and upon their ponds, and upon all their p
445,men five months. 
And they had a king over them, which is the angel of the bottomless pit, whose name in the Hebrew tongue is Abaddon, but in the Greek tongue hath his name Apollyon. 
One woe is past; and, behold, there come two woes more hereafter. 
And the sixth angel sounded, and I heard a voice from the four horns of the golden altar which is before God, 
Saying to the sixth angel which had the trumpet, Loose the four angels which are bo
329,bring them down from Lebanon unto the sea: and I will convey them by sea in floats unto the place that thou shalt appoint me, and will cause them to be discharged there, and thou shalt receive them: and thou shalt accomplish my desire, in giving food for my household. 
So Hiram gave Solomon cedar trees and fir trees according t
440,aken out of the temple which was in Jerusalem; that the king, and his princes, his wives, and his concubines, might drink therein. 
Then they brought the golden vessels that were taken out of the temple of the house of God which was at Jerusalem; and the king, and his princes, his wives, and his concubines, drank in them. 
They drank wine, and praised the gods of gold, and of silver, of brass, of iron, of wood, and of stone. 
In the sam
320,ord. 
Know ye not, brethren, (for I speak to them that know the law,) how that the law hath dominion over a man as long as he liveth? 
For the woman which hath an husband is bound by the law to her husband so long as he liveth; but if the husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband. 
So then if, while he
454, of thy wings. Selah. 
For thou, O God, hast heard my vows: thou hast given me the heritage of those that fear thy name. 
Thou wilt prolong the king's life: and his years as many generations. 
He shall abide before God for ever: O prepare mercy and truth, which may preserve him. 
So will I sing praise unto thy name for ever, that I may daily perform my vows. 
Truly my soul waiteth upon God: from him cometh my salvation. 
He only is my rock and my sal
385,n of it: it is holy, and it shall be holy unto you. 
Whosoever compoundeth any like it, or whosoever putteth any of it upon a stranger, shall even be cut off from his people. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Take unto thee sweet spices, stacte, and onycha, and galbanum; these sweet spices with pure frankincense: of each shall there be a like weight: 
And thou shalt make it a perfume, 
462,ther came, saying, Lord, behold, here is thy pound, which I have kept laid up in a napkin: 
For I feared thee, because thou art an austere man: thou takest up that thou layedst not down, and reapest that thou didst not sow. 
And he saith unto him, Out of thine own mouth will I judge thee, thou wicked servant. Thou knewest that I was an austere man, taking up that I laid not down, and reaping that I did not sow: 
Wherefore then gavest not thou my money into t
331,es unto Eleazar the priest, and unto Joshua the son of Nun, and unto the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel; 
And they spake unto them at Shiloh in the land of Canaan, saying, The LORD commanded by the hand of Moses to give us cities to dwell in, with the suburbs thereof for our cattle. 
And the children
442,d they not give ear: therefore gavest thou them into the hand of the people of the lands. 
Nevertheless for thy great mercies' sake thou didst not utterly consume them, nor forsake them; for thou art a gracious and merciful God. 
Now therefore, our God, the great, the mighty, and the terrible God, who keepest covenant and mercy, let not all the trouble seem little before thee, that hath come upon us, on our kings, on our princes, and on o
448,And three hundred shields made he of beaten gold: three hundred shekels of gold went to one shield. And the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon. 
Moreover the king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid it with pure gold. 
And there were six steps to the throne, with a footstool of gold, which were fastened to the throne, and stays on each side of the sitting place, and two lions standing by the stays: 
And twelve lions stoo
480,and Enam, 
Jarmuth, and Adullam, Socoh, and Azekah, 
And Sharaim, and Adithaim, and Gederah, and Gederothaim; fourteen cities with their villages: 
Zenan, and Hadashah, and Migdalgad, 
And Dilean, and Mizpeh, and Joktheel, 
Lachish, and Bozkath, and Eglon, 
And Cabbon, and Lahmam, and Kithlish, 
And Gederoth, Bethdagon, and Naamah, and Makkedah; sixteen cities with their villages: 
Libnah, and Ether, and Ashan, 
And Jiphtah, and Ashnah, and Nezib, 
And Keilah, and Achzib, and
443,unto the house of Saul thy father, to his brethren, and to his friends, and have not delivered thee into the hand of David, that thou chargest me to day with a fault concerning this woman? 
So do God to Abner, and more also, except, as the LORD hath sworn to David, even so I do to him; 
To translate the kingdom from the house of Saul, and to set up the throne of David over Israel and over Judah, from Dan even to Beersheba. 
And he could no
340,, that my fury shall come up in my face. 
For in my jealousy and in the fire of my wrath have I spoken, Surely in that day there shall be a great shaking in the land of Israel; 
So that the fishes of the sea, and the fowls of the heaven, and the beasts of the field, and all creeping things that creep upon the earth, and all the men that a
449,h thunder, and with earthquake, and great noise, with storm and tempest, and the flame of devouring fire. 
And the multitude of all the nations that fight against Ariel, even all that fight against her and her munition, and that distress her, shall be as a dream of a night vision. 
It shall even be as when an hungry man dreameth, and, behold, he eateth; but he awaketh, and his soul is empty: or as when a thirsty man dreameth, and, behold, he dri
423,g's treasuries. 
And the king took his ring from his hand, and gave it unto Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, the Jews' enemy. 
And the king said unto Haman, The silver is given to thee, the people also, to do with them as it seemeth good to thee. 
Then were the king's scribes called on the thirteenth day of the first month, and there was written according to all that Haman had commanded unto the king's lieutenan
447,And Isaac loved Esau, because he did eat of his venison: but Rebekah loved Jacob. 
And Jacob sod pottage: and Esau came from the field, and he was faint: 
And Esau said to Jacob, Feed me, I pray thee, with that same red pottage; for I am faint: therefore was his name called Edom. 
And Jacob said, Sell me this day thy birthright. 
And Esau said, Behold, I am at the point to die: and what profit shall this birthright do to me? 
And Jacob said, S
348,so of beasts, and of fowl, and of creeping things, and of fishes. 
And there came of all people to hear the wisdom of Solomon, from all kings of the earth, which had heard of his wisdom. 
And Hiram king of Tyre sent his servants unto Solomon; for he had heard that they had anointed him king in the room of his father: for Hiram was ever a lover of
414,ethren. 
Now the pit wherein Ishmael had cast all the dead bodies of the men, whom he had slain because of Gedaliah, was it which Asa the king had made for fear of Baasha king of Israel: and Ishmael the son of Nethaniah filled it with them that were slain. 
Then Ishmael carried away captive all the residue of the people that were in Mizpah, even the king's daughters, and all the people that remained in Mizpah, 
449,nd all these things shall be added unto you. 
Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. 
Judge not, that ye be not judged. 
For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again. 
And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is i
422,ith thee: notwithstanding the journey that thou takest shall not be for thine honour; for the LORD shall sell Sisera into the hand of a woman. And Deborah arose, and went with Barak to Kedesh. 
And Barak called Zebulun and Naphtali to Kedesh; and he went up with ten thousand men at his feet: and Deborah went up with him. 
Now Heber the Kenite, which was of the children of Hobab the father in law of Moses, had severed h
339,lf before me, and didst rend thy clothes, and weep before me; I have even heard thee also, saith the LORD. 
Behold, I will gather thee to thy fathers, and thou shalt be gathered to thy grave in peace, neither shall thine eyes see all the evil that I will bring upon this place, and upon the inhabitants of the same. So they brought the kin
371,n he lay, and departed to his own house, glorifying God. 
And they were all amazed, and they glorified God, and were filled with fear, saying, We have seen strange things to day. 
And after these things he went forth, and saw a publican, named Levi, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he said unto him, Follow me. 
And he left all, rose up, and followed him. 
And Levi
480,e taken, and the houses rifled, and the women ravished; and half of the city shall go forth into captivity, and the residue of the people shall not be cut off from the city. 
Then shall the LORD go forth, and fight against those nations, as when he fought in the day of battle. 
And his feet shall stand in that day upon the mount of Olives, which is before Jerusalem on the east, and the mount of Olives shall cleave in the midst thereof toward the east and toward the west, and 
477, servile work: 
But ye shall offer the burnt offering for a sweet savour unto the LORD; two young bullocks, one ram, seven lambs of the first year; 
And their meat offering of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals unto one bullock, two tenth deals unto one ram, 
A several tenth deal unto one lamb, throughout the seven lambs; 
And one kid of the goats, to make an atonement for you. 
Ye shall offer them beside the continual burnt offering, and his meat offering, (they sh
328,, and the halt, and the blind. 
And the servant said, Lord, it is done as thou hast commanded, and yet there is room. 
And the lord said unto the servant, Go out into the highways and hedges, and compel them to come in, that my house may be filled. 
For I say unto you, That none of those men which were bidden shall taste of my
396, temple of the tabernacle of the testimony in heaven was opened: 
And the seven angels came out of the temple, having the seven plagues, clothed in pure and white linen, and having their breasts girded with golden girdles. 
And one of the four beasts gave unto the seven angels seven golden vials full of the wrath of God, who liveth for ever and ever. 
And the temple was filled with smoke from 
367,athers unto the prophets. 
But woe unto you that are rich! for ye have received your consolation. 
Woe unto you that are full! for ye shall hunger. Woe unto you that laugh now! for ye shall mourn and weep. 
Woe unto you, when all men shall speak well of you! for so did their fathers to the false prophets. 
But I say unto you which hear, Love your enemies, do good t
459, deliver you up to the councils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues; 
And ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them and the Gentiles. 
But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak: for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak. 
For it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in you. 
And the brother shall deliver up the brothe
468,and in the streets of Jerusalem, ye, and your fathers, your kings, and your princes, and the people of the land, did not the LORD remember them, and came it not into his mind? 
So that the LORD could no longer bear, because of the evil of your doings, and because of the abominations which ye have committed; therefore is your land a desolation, and an astonishment, and a curse, without an inhabitant, as at this day. 
Because ye have burned incense, and because ye h
365,, open unto us; and he shall answer and say unto you, I know you not whence ye are: 
Then shall ye begin to say, We have eaten and drunk in thy presence, and thou hast taught in our streets. 
But he shall say, I tell you, I know you not whence ye are; depart from me, all ye workers of iniquity. 
There shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth, when ye shall see Abra
339,nd full of branches by reason of many waters. 
And she had strong rods for the sceptres of them that bare rule, and her stature was exalted among the thick branches, and she appeared in her height with the multitude of her branches. 
But she was plucked up in fury, she was cast down to the ground, and the east wind dried up her fruit: he
398,r neither did his brethren believe in him. 
Then Jesus said unto them, My time is not yet come: but your time is alway ready. 
The world cannot hate you; but me it hateth, because I testify of it, that the works thereof are evil. 
Go ye up unto this feast: I go not up yet unto this feast: for my time is not yet full come. 
When he had said these words unto them, he abode still in Galilee. 
But w
347,eariness of the flesh. 
Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this is the whole duty of man. 
For God shall bring every work into judgment, with every secret thing, whether it be good, or whether it be evil. 
The song of songs, which is Solomon's. 
Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: f
395,hat endureth to the end shall be saved. 
But when they persecute you in this city, flee ye into another: for verily I say unto you, Ye shall not have gone over the cities of Israel, till the Son of man be come. 
The disciple is not above his master, nor the servant above his lord. 
It is enough for the disciple that he be as his master, and the servant as his lord. If they have called the mas
344,stimony against them and the Gentiles. 
But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak: for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak. 
For it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in you. 
And the brother shall deliver up the brother to death, and the father the child: 
457, Jesus Christ, 
Who gave himself for our sins, that he might deliver us from this present evil world, according to the will of God and our Father: 
To whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen. 
I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel: 
Which is not another; but there be some that trouble you, and would pervert the gospel of Christ. 
But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other g
383,be upon him. 
Now, lo, if he beget a son, that seeth all his father's sins which he hath done, and considereth, and doeth not such like, 
That hath not eaten upon the mountains, neither hath lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel, hath not defiled his neighbour's wife, 
Neither hath oppressed any, hath not withholden the pledge, neither hath spoiled by violence, bu
404, 
And command thou the people, saying, Ye are to pass through the coast of your brethren the children of Esau, which dwell in Seir; and they shall be afraid of you: take ye good heed unto yourselves therefore: 
Meddle not with them; for I will not give you of their land, no, not so much as a foot breadth; because I have given mount Seir unto Esau for a possession. 
Ye shall buy meat of them for money,
329,ORD: but a man of wicked devices will he condemn. 
A man shall not be established by wickedness: but the root of the righteous shall not be moved. 
A virtuous woman is a crown to her husband: but she that maketh ashamed is as rottenness in his bones. 
The thoughts of the righteous are right: but the counsels of the wicked are d
343,ple; and they shall bring thee up in my net. 
Then will I leave thee upon the land, I will cast thee forth upon the open field, and will cause all the fowls of the heaven to remain upon thee, and I will fill the beasts of the whole earth with thee. 
And I will lay thy flesh upon the mountains, and fill the valleys with thy height. 
I will al
403, seven parts: Judah shall abide in their coast on the south, and the house of Joseph shall abide in their coasts on the north. 
Ye shall therefore describe the land into seven parts, and bring the description hither to me, that I may cast lots for you here before the LORD our God. 
But the Levites have no part among you; for the priesthood of the LORD is their inheritance: and Gad, and Reuben, and ha
425, and praise is comely. 
The LORD doth build up Jerusalem: he gathereth together the outcasts of Israel. 
He healeth the broken in heart, and bindeth up their wounds. 
He telleth the number of the stars; he calleth them all by their names. 
Great is our Lord, and of great power: his understanding is infinite. 
The LORD lifteth up the meek: he casteth the wicked down to the ground. 
Sing unto the LORD with thanksgiving; sin
418,heir fathers had done. 
For they also built them high places, and images, and groves, on every high hill, and under every green tree. 
And there were also sodomites in the land: and they did according to all the abominations of the nations which the LORD cast out before the children of Israel. 
And it came to pass in the fifth year of king Rehoboam, that Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem: 
And he took
476, law, or by the hearing of faith? 
Are ye so foolish? having begun in the Spirit, are ye now made perfect by the flesh? 
Have ye suffered so many things in vain? if it be yet in vain. 
He therefore that ministereth to you the Spirit, and worketh miracles among you, doeth he it by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith? 
Even as Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness. 
Know ye therefore that they which are of faith, the same are the c
430, go for his life, and thy people for his people. 
And the king of Israel went to his house heavy and displeased, and came to Samaria. 
And it came to pass after these things, that Naboth the Jezreelite had a vineyard, which was in Jezreel, hard by the palace of Ahab king of Samaria. 
And Ahab spake unto Naboth, saying, Give me thy vineyard, that I may have it for a garden of herbs, because it is near unto my house: and I will 
415,ngel of the Lord appeareth to Joseph in a dream, saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and flee into Egypt, and be thou there until I bring thee word: for Herod will seek the young child to destroy him. 
When he arose, he took the young child and his mother by night, and departed into Egypt: 
And was there until the death of Herod: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the 
412,ee: because thou hast sold thyself to work evil in the sight of the LORD. 
Behold, I will bring evil upon thee, and will take away thy posterity, and will cut off from Ahab him that pisseth against the wall, and him that is shut up and left in Israel, 
And will make thine house like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and like the house of Baasha the son of Ahijah, for the provocation wherewith thou hast 
377,d: for the LORD hath prepared a sacrifice, he hath bid his guests. 
And it shall come to pass in the day of the LORD's sacrifice, that I will punish the princes, and the king's children, and all such as are clothed with strange apparel. 
In the same day also will I punish all those that leap on the threshold, which fill their masters' houses with violence and deceit. 
And it
383,terers, or even as this publican. 
I fast twice in the week, I give tithes of all that I possess. 
And the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up so much as his eyes unto heaven, but smote upon his breast, saying, God be merciful to me a sinner. 
I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other: for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased
474, of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ: 
That we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive; 
But speaking the truth in love, may grow up into him in all things, which is the head, even Christ: 
From whom the whole body fitly joined together a
469,h barley to night in the threshingfloor. 
Wash thyself therefore, and anoint thee, and put thy raiment upon thee, and get thee down to the floor: but make not thyself known unto the man, until he shall have done eating and drinking. 
And it shall be, when he lieth down, that thou shalt mark the place where he shall lie, and thou shalt go in, and uncover his feet, and lay thee down; and he will tell thee what thou shalt do. 
And she said unto her, All that thou saye
331,payed. 
A good man leaveth an inheritance to his children's children: and the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just. 
Much food is in the tillage of the poor: but there is that is destroyed for want of judgment. 
He that spareth his rod hateth his son: but he that loveth him chasteneth him betimes. 
The righteous eateth to
357,bishua his son, 
Bukki his son, Uzzi his son, Zerahiah his son, 
Meraioth his son, Amariah his son, Ahitub his son, 
Zadok his son, Ahimaaz his son. 
Now these are their dwelling places throughout their castles in their coasts, of the sons of Aaron, of the families of the Kohathites: for theirs was the lot. 
And they gave them Hebron in the land of Judah,
352,make a plate of pure gold, and grave upon it, like the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD. 
And thou shalt put it on a blue lace, that it may be upon the mitre; upon the forefront of the mitre it shall be. 
And it shall be upon Aaron's forehead, that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the holy things, which the children of Israel shall hallow i
375, his house, that he may set his nest on high, that he may be delivered from the power of evil! 
Thou hast consulted shame to thy house by cutting off many people, and hast sinned against thy soul. 
For the stone shall cry out of the wall, and the beam out of the timber shall answer it. 
Woe to him that buildeth a town with blood, and stablisheth a city by iniquity! 
Behold
464,in; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Hodaviah, the son of Hasenuah, 
And Ibneiah the son of Jeroham, and Elah the son of Uzzi, the son of Michri, and Meshullam the son of Shephathiah, the son of Reuel, the son of Ibnijah; 
And their brethren, according to their generations, nine hundred and fifty and six. All these men were chief of the fathers in the house of their fathers. 
And of the priests; Jedaiah, and Jehoiarib, and Jachin, 
And Azariah the son of
395,at way they might bring him in because of the multitude, they went upon the housetop, and let him down through the tiling with his couch into the midst before Jesus. 
And when he saw their faith, he said unto him, Man, thy sins are forgiven thee. 
And the scribes and the Pharisees began to reason, saying, Who is this which speaketh blasphemies? Who can forgive sins, but God alone? 
But when J
347, people: As for me, I had in mine heart to build an house of rest for the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and for the footstool of our God, and had made ready for the building: 
But God said unto me, Thou shalt not build an house for my name, because thou hast been a man of war, and hast shed blood. 
Howbeit the LORD God of Israel chose me befo
410, my fortress; my high tower, and my deliverer; my shield, and he in whom I trust; who subdueth my people under me. 
LORD, what is man, that thou takest knowledge of him! or the son of man, that thou makest account of him! 
Man is like to vanity: his days are as a shadow that passeth away. 
Bow thy heavens, O LORD, and come down: touch the mountains, and they shall smoke. 
Cast forth lightning, and scatter t
457,d are dead. 
This is the bread which cometh down from heaven, that a man may eat thereof, and not die. 
I am the living bread which came down from heaven: if any man eat of this bread, he shall live for ever: and the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world. 
The Jews therefore strove among themselves, saying, How can this man give us his flesh to eat? 
Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Exc
423,ow: and they awake him, and say unto him, Master, carest thou not that we perish? 
And he arose, and rebuked the wind, and said unto the sea, Peace, be still. And the wind ceased, and there was a great calm. 
And he said unto them, Why are ye so fearful? how is it that ye have no faith? 
And they feared exceedingly, and said one to another, What manner of man is this, that even the wind and the sea obey him? 
And they c
369,doings. 
Declare ye in Judah, and publish in Jerusalem; and say, Blow ye the trumpet in the land: cry, gather together, and say, Assemble yourselves, and let us go into the defenced cities. 
Set up the standard toward Zion: retire, stay not: for I will bring evil from the north, and a great destruction. 
The lion is come up from his thicket, and the destroyer of the 
404,m that he may find mercy of the Lord in that day: and in how many things he ministered unto me at Ephesus, thou knowest very well. 
Thou therefore, my son, be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus. 
And the things that thou hast heard of me among many witnesses, the same commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also. 
Thou therefore endure hardness, as a good soldier of Jes
474,ast of unleavened bread seven days. 
And there was no passover like to that kept in Israel from the days of Samuel the prophet; neither did all the kings of Israel keep such a passover as Josiah kept, and the priests, and the Levites, and all Judah and Israel that were present, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem. 
In the eighteenth year of the reign of Josiah was this passover kept. 
After all this, when Josiah had prepared the temple, Necho king of Egypt came up to fight
397,with the wife shall be taken, the aged with him that is full of days. 
And their houses shall be turned unto others, with their fields and wives together: for I will stretch out my hand upon the inhabitants of the land, saith the LORD. 
For from the least of them even unto the greatest of them every one is given to covetousness; and from the prophet even unto the priest every one dealeth falsel
435,thence, and departed into the coasts of Tyre and Sidon. 
And, behold, a woman of Canaan came out of the same coasts, and cried unto him, saying, Have mercy on me, O Lord, thou son of David; my daughter is grievously vexed with a devil. 
But he answered her not a word. And his disciples came and besought him, saying, Send her away; for she crieth after us. 
But he answered and said, I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house
478, the Spirit, are ye now made perfect by the flesh? 
Have ye suffered so many things in vain? if it be yet in vain. 
He therefore that ministereth to you the Spirit, and worketh miracles among you, doeth he it by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith? 
Even as Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness. 
Know ye therefore that they which are of faith, the same are the children of Abraham. 
And the scripture, foreseeing that God would justi
355,he tabernacle of the congregation: and the plague was stayed. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, and take of every one of them a rod according to the house of their fathers, of all their princes according to the house of their fathers twelve rods: write thou every man's name upon his rod. 
And thou shalt write Aa
380,d my people shall never be ashamed. 
And ye shall know that I am in the midst of Israel, and that I am the LORD your God, and none else: and my people shall never be ashamed. 
And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions: 
And
441,God. 
For as many as have sinned without law shall also perish without law: and as many as have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law; 
(For not the hearers of the law are just before God, but the doers of the law shall be justified. 
For when the Gentiles, which have not the law, do by nature the things contained in the law, these, having not the law, are a law unto themselves: 
Which shew the work of the law written in their hea
363,My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge: because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee, that thou shalt be no priest to me: seeing thou hast forgotten the law of thy God, I will also forget thy children. 
As they were increased, so they sinned against me: therefore will I change their glory into shame. 
They eat up the sin of my people, an
332,he body is dead because of sin; but the Spirit is life because of righteousness. 
But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you. 
Therefore, brethren, we are debtors, not to the flesh, to live
359,ties, and live: 
Lest the avenger of the blood pursue the slayer, while his heart is hot, and overtake him, because the way is long, and slay him; whereas he was not worthy of death, inasmuch as he hated him not in time past. 
Wherefore I command thee, saying, Thou shalt separate three cities for thee. 
And if the LORD thy God enlarge thy coast, as he hath 
320,l begat Lamech. 
And Lamech took unto him two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah. 
And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of such as have cattle. 
And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of all such as handle the harp and organ. 
And Zillah, 
466,old, saith the LORD. 
But fear not thou, O my servant Jacob, and be not dismayed, O Israel: for, behold, I will save thee from afar off, and thy seed from the land of their captivity; and Jacob shall return, and be in rest and at ease, and none shall make him afraid. 
Fear thou not, O Jacob my servant, saith the LORD: for I am with thee; for I will make a full end of all the nations whither I have driven thee: but I will not make a full end of thee, but correct 
364,t overthrow this city, for the which thou hast spoken. 
Haste thee, escape thither; for I cannot do anything till thou be come thither. Therefore the name of the city was called Zoar. 
The sun was risen upon the earth when Lot entered into Zoar. 
Then the LORD rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from the LORD out of heaven; 
And he overthrew t
449,h any graven or molten image, an abomination unto the LORD, the work of the hands of the craftsman, and putteth it in a secret place. And all the people shall answer and say, Amen. 
Cursed be he that setteth light by his father or his mother. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
Cursed be he that removeth his neighbour's landmark. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
Cursed be he that maketh the blind to wander out of the way. And all the people
381,for ever, from generation to generation shall they dwell therein. 
The wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them; and the desert shall rejoice, and blossom as the rose. 
It shall blossom abundantly, and rejoice even with joy and singing: the glory of Lebanon shall be given unto it, the excellency of Carmel and Sharon, they shall see the glory of the LORD, and the 
432,rifice unto idols, we know that an idol is nothing in the world, and that there is none other God but one. 
For though there be that are called gods, whether in heaven or in earth, (as there be gods many, and lords many,) 
But to us there is but one God, the Father, of whom are all things, and we in him; and one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we by him. 
Howbeit there is not in every man that knowledge: for some 
351,were burnt had offered; and they were made broad plates for a covering of the altar: 
To be a memorial unto the children of Israel, that no stranger, which is not of the seed of Aaron, come near to offer incense before the LORD; that he be not as Korah, and as his company: as the LORD said to him by the hand of Moses. 
But on the morrow all the cong
362,O LORD: O LORD, I beseech thee, send now prosperity. 
Blessed be he that cometh in the name of the LORD: we have blessed you out of the house of the LORD. 
God is the LORD, which hath shewed us light: bind the sacrifice with cords, even unto the horns of the altar. 
Thou art my God, and I will praise thee: thou art my God, I will exalt thee. 
O give thanks unt
335, 
But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom, which God ordained before the world unto our glory: 
Which none of the princes of this world knew: for had they known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory. 
But as it is written, Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart 
371, Of the fruit of thy body will I set upon thy throne. 
If thy children will keep my covenant and my testimony that I shall teach them, their children shall also sit upon thy throne for evermore. 
For the LORD hath chosen Zion; he hath desired it for his habitation. 
This is my rest for ever: here will I dwell; for I have desired it. 
I will abundantly bless her provisi
387,nd no man dieth to himself. 
For whether we live, we live unto the Lord; and whether we die, we die unto the Lord: whether we live therefore, or die, we are the Lord's. 
For to this end Christ both died, and rose, and revived, that he might be Lord both of the dead and living. 
But why dost thou judge thy brother? or why dost thou set at nought thy brother? for we shall all stand befo
330,ber to herself seven days, and after that she shall be clean. 
And on the eighth day she shall take unto her two turtles, or two young pigeons, and bring them unto the priest, to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering; and the pri
401, 
Strive to enter in at the strait gate: for many, I say unto you, will seek to enter in, and shall not be able. 
When once the master of the house is risen up, and hath shut to the door, and ye begin to stand without, and to knock at the door, saying, Lord, Lord, open unto us; and he shall answer and say unto you, I know you not whence ye are: 
Then shall ye begin to say, We have eaten and drunk i
434, it for an inheritance unto Israel according to their divisions by their tribes. And the land rested from war. 
Now these are the kings of the land, which the children of Israel smote, and possessed their land on the other side Jordan toward the rising of the sun, from the river Arnon unto mount Hermon, and all the plain on the east: 
Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwelt in Heshbon, and ruled from Aroer, which is upon the bank of
344,sus. 
On the next day much people that were come to the feast, when they heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem, 
Took branches of palm trees, and went forth to meet him, and cried, Hosanna: Blessed is the King of Israel that cometh in the name of the Lord. 
And Jesus, when he had found a young ass, sat thereon; as it is written, 
Fear not,
