1000
350,am reproved Abimelech because of a well of water, which Abimelech's servants had violently taken away. 
And Abimelech said, I wot not who hath done this thing; neither didst thou tell me, neither yet heard I of it, but to day. 
And Abraham took sheep and oxen, and gave them unto Abimelech; and both of them made a covenant. 
And Abraham set seven ew
278,itten with destruction. 
When thus it shall be in the midst of the land among the people, there shall be as the shaking of an olive tree, and as the gleaning grapes when the vintage is done. 
They shall lift up their voice, they shall sing for the majesty of the LORD, they shal
292,lve spoons of gold: 
Each charger of silver weighing an hundred and thirty shekels, each bowl seventy: all the silver vessels weighed two thousand and four hundred shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary: 
The golden spoons were twelve, full of incense, weighing ten shekels apiece, after 
317, that ye henceforth walk not as other Gentiles walk, in the vanity of their mind, 
Having the understanding darkened, being alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them, because of the blindness of their heart: 
Who being past feeling have given themselves over unto lasciviousness, to work al
320,m that were in the uttermost parts of the camp. 
And the people cried unto Moses; and when Moses prayed unto the LORD, the fire was quenched. 
And he called the name of the place Taberah: because the fire of the LORD burnt among them. 
And the mixt multitude that was among them fell a lusting: and the children of Israe
249,ord in Balaam's mouth, and said, Return unto Balak, and thus thou shalt speak. 
And he returned unto him, and, lo, he stood by his burnt sacrifice, he, and all the princes of Moab. 
And he took up his parable, and said, Balak the king of Moab hath b
340,er for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God. 
And they were astonished out of measure, saying among themselves, Who then can be saved? 
And Jesus looking upon them saith, With men it is impossible, but not with God: for with God all things are possible. 
Then Peter began to say un
246,nd she went and told them that had been with him, as they mourned and wept. 
And they, when they had heard that he was alive, and had been seen of her, believed not. 
After that he appeared in another form unto two of them, as they walked, and we
326,dah sent many letters unto Tobiah, and the letters of Tobiah came unto them. 
For there were many in Judah sworn unto him, because he was the son in law of Shechaniah the son of Arah; and his son Johanan had taken the daughter of Meshullam the son of Berechiah. 
Also they reported his good deeds before me, and uttered my wor
265,h will help thee; Fear not, O Jacob, my servant; and thou, Jesurun, whom I have chosen. 
For I will pour water upon him that is thirsty, and floods upon the dry ground: I will pour my spirit upon thy seed, and my blessing upon thine offspring: 
And they shall sprin
344,aid, not that he cared for the poor; but because he was a thief, and had the bag, and bare what was put therein. 
Then said Jesus, Let her alone: against the day of my burying hath she kept this. 
For the poor always ye have with you; but me ye have not always. 
Much people of the Jews therefore knew that he was there: and they came not for J
354,istines? And wilt thou deliver them into mine hand? And the LORD said unto him, Go up; for I will deliver them into thine hand. 
So they came up to Baalperazim; and David smote them there. Then David said, God hath broken in upon mine enemies by mine hand like the breaking forth of waters: therefore they called the name of that place Baalperazim. 
And 
346,D, she fell down under Balaam: and Balaam's anger was kindled, and he smote the ass with a staff. 
And the LORD opened the mouth of the ass, and she said unto Balaam, What have I done unto thee, that thou hast smitten me these three times? 
And Balaam said unto the ass, Because thou hast mocked me: I would there were a sword in mine hand, for n
360,grass. The grass withereth, and the flower thereof falleth away: 
But the word of the Lord endureth for ever. And this is the word which by the gospel is preached unto you. 
Wherefore laying aside all malice, and all guile, and hypocrisies, and envies, all evil speakings, 
As newborn babes, desire the sincere milk of the word, that ye may grow thereby: 
If s
250,him, Because I said, Lest I die for her. 
And Abimelech said, What is this thou hast done unto us? one of the people might lightly have lien with thy wife, and thou shouldest have brought guiltiness upon us. 
And Abimelech charged all his people, say
255,the hope of the gospel, which ye have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven; whereof I Paul am made a minister; 
Who now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my 
315, offering: he hath certainly trespassed against the LORD. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
If a soul sin, and commit a trespass against the LORD, and lie unto his neighbour in that which was delivered him to keep, or in fellowship, or in a thing taken away by violence, or hath deceived his neighbour; 
Or h
349,ake their pledge. 
Now Saul, and they, and all the men of Israel, were in the valley of Elah, fighting with the Philistines. 
And David rose up early in the morning, and left the sheep with a keeper, and took, and went, as Jesse had commanded him; and he came to the trench, as the host was going forth to the fight, and shouted for the battle. 
For
356,f soldiers for war, six and thirty thousand men: for they had many wives and sons. 
And their brethren among all the families of Issachar were valiant men of might, reckoned in all by their genealogies fourscore and seven thousand. 
The sons of Benjamin; Bela, and Becher, and Jediael, three. 
And the sons of Bela; Ezbon, and Uzzi, and Uzziel, and Jerimot
248,ous Father, the world hath not known thee: but I have known thee, and these have known that thou hast sent me. 
And I have declared unto them thy name, and will declare it: that the love wherewith thou hast loved me may be in them, and I in them. 

305,hands. 
Then Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, with all the remnant of the people, obeyed the voice of the LORD their God, and the words of Haggai the prophet, as the LORD their God had sent him, and the people did fear before the LORD. 
Then spake Haggai t
240,o Aaron, and to his sons, and unto all the children of Israel, and say unto them, Whatsoever he be of the house of Israel, or of the strangers in Israel, that will offer his oblation for all his vows, and for all his freewill offerings, whi
329, and my courts: for I have chosen him to be my son, and I will be his father. 
Moreover I will establish his kingdom for ever, if he be constant to do my commandments and my judgments, as at this day. 
Now therefore in the sight of all Israel the congregation of the LORD, and in the audience of our God, keep and seek for all th
299,lve, and with him a great multitude with swords and staves, from the chief priests and the scribes and the elders. 
And he that betrayed him had given them a token, saying, Whomsoever I shall kiss, that same is he; take him, and lead him away safely. 
And as soon as he was come, he goeth straightwa
318,scourging; that he might know wherefore they cried so against him. 
And as they bound him with thongs, Paul said unto the centurion that stood by, Is it lawful for you to scourge a man that is a Roman, and uncondemned? 
When the centurion heard that, he went and told the chief captain, saying, Take heed what thou doe
287,mes for you, 
Who by him do believe in God, that raised him up from the dead, and gave him glory; that your faith and hope might be in God. 
Seeing ye have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the Spirit unto unfeigned love of the brethren, see that ye love one another with 
315,, every family apart, and their wives apart. 
In that day there shall be a fountain opened to the house of David and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem for sin and for uncleanness. 
And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD of hosts, that I will cut off the names of the idols out of the land, and they sha
338,vesture they did cast lots. These things therefore the soldiers did. 
Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother, and his mother's sister, Mary the wife of Cleophas, and Mary Magdalene. 
When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by, whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold thy son! 
Then saith he
254, man, there were two women, the daughters of one mother: 
And they committed whoredoms in Egypt; they committed whoredoms in their youth: there were their breasts pressed, and there they bruised the teats of their virginity. 
And the names of them were A
287,unto the synagogues, and unto magistrates, and powers, take ye no thought how or what thing ye shall answer, or what ye shall say: 
For the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what ye ought to say. 
And one of the company said unto him, Master, speak to my brother, that he divid
329, foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head. 
And another of his disciples said unto him, Lord, suffer me first to go and bury my father. 
But Jesus said unto him, Follow me; and let the dead bury their dead. 
And when he was entered into a ship, his disciples follow
325, of the families of the sons of Gershon in the tabernacle of the congregation: and their charge shall be under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest. 
As for the sons of Merari, thou shalt number them after their families, by the house of their fathers; 
From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old s
266,m. 
Wherefore thou art great, O LORD God: for there is none like thee, neither is there any God beside thee, according to all that we have heard with our ears. 
And what one nation in the earth is like thy people, even like Israel, whom God went to redeem for a peop
322,as he that doth serve. 
For whether is greater, he that sitteth at meat, or he that serveth? is not he that sitteth at meat? but I am among you as he that serveth. 
Ye are they which have continued with me in my temptations. 
And I appoint unto you a kingdom, as my Father hath appointed unto me; 
That ye may eat and drin
289,on, and Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Nadab, 
And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zacher. 
And Mikloth begat Shimeah. And these also dwelt with their brethren in Jerusalem, over against them. 
And Ner begat Kish, and Kish begat Saul, and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchishua, and Abinadab, and Eshbaal.
247,said unto her, How is it that ye have agreed together to tempt the Spirit of the Lord? behold, the feet of them which have buried thy husband are at the door, and shall carry thee out. 
Then fell she down straightway at his feet, and yielded up th
289, reproached thee, O Lord. 
So we thy people and sheep of thy pasture will give thee thanks for ever: we will shew forth thy praise to all generations. 
Give ear, O Shepherd of Israel, thou that leadest Joseph like a flock; thou that dwellest between the cherubims, shine forth. 
Before Eph
310,ven as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not! 
Behold, your house is left unto you desolate. 
For I say unto you, Ye shall not see me henceforth, till ye shall say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. 
And Jesus went out, and departed from the temple: and his disciples 
285,vid. 
Then there was a famine in the days of David three years, year after year; and David enquired of the LORD. And the LORD answered, It is for Saul, and for his bloody house, because he slew the Gibeonites. 
And the king called the Gibeonites, and said unto them; (now the Gibeonite
285,es were ashamed, and sanctified themselves, and brought in the burnt offerings into the house of the LORD. 
And they stood in their place after their manner, according to the law of Moses the man of God: the priests sprinkled the blood, which they received of the hand of the Levites. 
242,hould not I spare Nineveh, that great city, wherein are more then sixscore thousand persons that cannot discern between their right hand and their left hand; and also much cattle? 
The word of the LORD that came to Micah the Morasthite in the
245,ed their hands and their feet thereat: 
When they went into the tent of the congregation, and when they came near unto the altar, they washed; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And he reared up the court round about the tabernacle and the altar, and
282,d caused the dayspring to know his place; 
That it might take hold of the ends of the earth, that the wicked might be shaken out of it? 
It is turned as clay to the seal; and they stand as a garment. 
And from the wicked their light is withholden, and the high arm shall be broken. 
287,: thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord. 
He also that had received two talents came and said, Lord, thou deliveredst unto me two talents: behold, I have gained two other talents beside them. 
His lord sai
351, the mount, and the mount burned with fire: and the two tables of the covenant were in my two hands. 
And I looked, and, behold, ye had sinned against the LORD your God, and had made you a molten calf: ye had turned aside quickly out of the way which the LORD had commanded you. 
And I took the two tables, and cast them out of my two hands, and brake
351,curse me. 
The LORD said, Verily it shall be well with thy remnant; verily I will cause the enemy to entreat thee well in the time of evil and in the time of affliction. 
Shall iron break the northern iron and the steel? 
Thy substance and thy treasures will I give to the spoil without price, and that for all thy sins, even in all thy borders. 
And 
307,hadowed them: and behold a voice out of the cloud, which said, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased; hear ye him. 
And when the disciples heard it, they fell on their face, and were sore afraid. 
And Jesus came and touched them, and said, Arise, and be not afraid. 
And when they had lifted up 
273,esolate, even great and fair, without inhabitant. 
Yea, ten acres of vineyard shall yield one bath, and the seed of an homer shall yield an ephah. 
Woe unto them that rise up early in the morning, that they may follow strong drink; that continue until night, till wine infl
299,set over the reapers answered and said, It is the Moabitish damsel that came back with Naomi out of the country of Moab: 
And she said, I pray you, let me glean and gather after the reapers among the sheaves: so she came, and hath continued even from the morning until now, that she tarried a little
355,ittle while, and the wicked shall not be: yea, thou shalt diligently consider his place, and it shall not be. 
But the meek shall inherit the earth; and shall delight themselves in the abundance of peace. 
The wicked plotteth against the just, and gnasheth upon him with his teeth. 
The LORD shall laugh at him: for he seeth that his day is coming. 
The w
266,, I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me. 
Then the disciples looked one on another, doubting of whom he spake. 
Now there was leaning on Jesus' bosom one of his disciples, whom Jesus loved. 
Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him, that he should ask who it 
253,e righteous. 
For the LORD knoweth the way of the righteous: but the way of the ungodly shall perish. 
Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine a vain thing? 
The kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together, against th
280,hey shall return to Egypt. 
For Israel hath forgotten his Maker, and buildeth temples; and Judah hath multiplied fenced cities: but I will send a fire upon his cities, and it shall devour the palaces thereof. 
Rejoice not, O Israel, for joy, as other people: for thou hast gone a 
274, the people; cast up, cast up the highway; gather out the stones; lift up a standard for the people. 
Behold, the LORD hath proclaimed unto the end of the world, Say ye to the daughter of Zion, Behold, thy salvation cometh; behold, his reward is with him, and his work befor
241,and the house of Joseph shall abide in their coasts on the north. 
Ye shall therefore describe the land into seven parts, and bring the description hither to me, that I may cast lots for you here before the LORD our God. 
But the Levites hav
358,were warriors, to fight against Israel, that he might bring the kingdom again to Rehoboam. 
But the word of the LORD came to Shemaiah the man of God, saying, 
Speak unto Rehoboam the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and to all Israel in Judah and Benjamin, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not go up, nor fight against your brethren: return every man to 
321,, so that the waves thereof are still. 
Then are they glad because they be quiet; so he bringeth them unto their desired haven. 
Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men! 
Let them exalt him also in the congregation of the people, and praise him in the assemb
262, the father of Shechem for an hundred pieces of silver: and it became the inheritance of the children of Joseph. 
And Eleazar the son of Aaron died; and they buried him in a hill that pertained to Phinehas his son, which was given him in mount Ephraim. 
Now afte
256,And he said unto them, In what place soever ye enter into an house, there abide till ye depart from that place. 
And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear you, when ye depart thence, shake off the dust under your feet for a testimony against them. Veri
329,ittle while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me: and, Because I go to the Father? 
They said therefore, What is this that he saith, A little while? we cannot tell what he saith. 
Now Jesus knew that they were desirous to ask him, and said unto them, Do ye enquire among yourselves of that I s
345,ith all his heart, and prospered. 
After these things, and the establishment thereof, Sennacherib king of Assyria came, and entered into Judah, and encamped against the fenced cities, and thought to win them for himself. 
And when Hezekiah saw that Sennacherib was come, and that he was purposed to fight against Jerusalem, 
He took counsel with
266,refore say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will even gather you from the people, and assemble you out of the countries where ye have been scattered, and I will give you the land of Israel. 
And they shall come thither, and they shall take away all the detestable things 
336,r minded. 
In all things shewing thyself a pattern of good works: in doctrine shewing uncorruptness, gravity, sincerity, 
Sound speech, that cannot be condemned; that he that is of the contrary part may be ashamed, having no evil thing to say of you. 
Exhort servants to be obedient unto their own masters, and to please them well in al
264,t again be adorned with thy tabrets, and shalt go forth in the dances of them that make merry. 
Thou shalt yet plant vines upon the mountains of Samaria: the planters shall plant, and shall eat them as common things. 
For there shall be a day, that the watchmen up
356,l walk in the light of it: and the kings of the earth do bring their glory and honour into it. 
And the gates of it shall not be shut at all by day: for there shall be no night there. 
And they shall bring the glory and honour of the nations into it. 
And there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth, neither whatsoever worketh abomination
324, whose breaking cometh suddenly at an instant. 
And he shall break it as the breaking of the potters' vessel that is broken in pieces; he shall not spare: so that there shall not be found in the bursting of it a sherd to take fire from the hearth, or to take water withal out of the pit. 
For thus saith the Lord GOD, the Ho
322,one tittle of the law to fail. 
Whosoever putteth away his wife, and marrieth another, committeth adultery: and whosoever marrieth her that is put away from her husband committeth adultery. 
There was a certain rich man, which was clothed in purple and fine linen, and fared sumptuously every day: 
And there was a certain
278,nto thee, the rams of Nebaioth shall minister unto thee: they shall come up with acceptance on mine altar, and I will glorify the house of my glory. 
Who are these that fly as a cloud, and as the doves to their windows? 
Surely the isles shall wait for me, and the ships of Tars
240,ace where they did offer sweet savour to all their idols. 
So will I stretch out my hand upon them, and make the land desolate, yea, more desolate than the wilderness toward Diblath, in all their habitations: and they shall know that I am t
267,y more. 
And it shall come to pass in that day, that the mountains shall drop down new wine, and the hills shall flow with milk, and all the rivers of Judah shall flow with waters, and a fountain shall come forth out of the house of the LORD, and shall water the vall
333,ecret. 
But all things that are reproved are made manifest by the light: for whatsoever doth make manifest is light. 
Wherefore he saith, Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light. 
See then that ye walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise, 
Redeeming the time, because the days are evi
338,he LORD; and they shall till it, and dwell therein. 
I spake also to Zedekiah king of Judah according to all these words, saying, Bring your necks under the yoke of the king of Babylon, and serve him and his people, and live. 
Why will ye die, thou and thy people, by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence, as the LORD hath spok
298,
Meditate upon these things; give thyself wholly to them; that thy profiting may appear to all. 
Take heed unto thyself, and unto the doctrine; continue in them: for in doing this thou shalt both save thyself, and them that hear thee. 
Rebuke not an elder, but intreat him as a father; and the youn
327,etrayed him gave them a sign, saying, Whomsoever I shall kiss, that same is he: hold him fast. 
And forthwith he came to Jesus, and said, Hail, master; and kissed him. 
And Jesus said unto him, Friend, wherefore art thou come? Then came they, and laid hands on Jesus and took him. 
And, behold, one of them which were with Jesu
249,the key of the bottomless pit and a great chain in his hand. 
And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which is the Devil, and Satan, and bound him a thousand years, 
And cast him into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal upo
292,, which is full of water: thou preparest them corn, when thou hast so provided for it. 
Thou waterest the ridges thereof abundantly: thou settlest the furrows thereof: thou makest it soft with showers: thou blessest the springing thereof. 
Thou crownest the year with thy goodness; and thy pa
347,? 
Ye stiffnecked and uncircumcised in heart and ears, ye do always resist the Holy Ghost: as your fathers did, so do ye. 
Which of the prophets have not your fathers persecuted? and they have slain them which shewed before of the coming of the Just One; of whom ye have been now the betrayers and murderers: 
Who have received the law by the disp
286,t. 
And he made three hundred shields of beaten gold; three pound of gold went to one shield: and the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon. 
Moreover the king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid it with the best gold. 
The throne had six steps, and the top of the 
288,holds; for he shall uncover the cedar work. 
This is the rejoicing city that dwelt carelessly, that said in her heart, I am, and there is none beside me: how is she become a desolation, a place for beasts to lie down in! every one that passeth by her shall hiss, and wag his hand. 
Woe to
297,, insomuch that Jesus could no more openly enter into the city, but was without in desert places: and they came to him from every quarter. 
And again he entered into Capernaum after some days; and it was noised that he was in the house. 
And straightway many were gathered together, insomuch that 
270,ongue, although the enemy could not countervail the king's damage. 
Then the king Ahasuerus answered and said unto Esther the queen, Who is he, and where is he, that durst presume in his heart to do so? 
And Esther said, The adversary and enemy is this wicked Haman. The
336,ifference: 
And others save with fear, pulling them out of the fire; hating even the garment spotted by the flesh. 
Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy, 
To the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now 
330,e the commandment of God of none effect by your tradition. 
Ye hypocrites, well did Esaias prophesy of you, saying, 
This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is far from me. 
But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men. 
And he called 
325,t he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. 
By faith Noah, being warned of God of things not seen as yet, moved with fear, prepared an ark to the saving of his house; by the which he condemned the world, and became heir of the righteousness which is by faith. 
By faith Abraham, when he was called to go out into a 
267,hy majesty, and of thy wondrous works. 
And men shall speak of the might of thy terrible acts: and I will declare thy greatness. 
They shall abundantly utter the memory of thy great goodness, and shall sing of thy righteousness. 
The LORD is gracious, and full of com
273,of God: which he carried into the land of Shinar to the house of his god; and he brought the vessels into the treasure house of his god. 
And the king spake unto Ashpenaz the master of his eunuchs, that he should bring certain of the children of Israel, and of the king's s
255, brother's ass or his ox fall down by the way, and hide thyself from them: thou shalt surely help him to lift them up again. 
The woman shall not wear that which pertaineth unto a man, neither shall a man put on a woman's garment: for all that do so are a
323,
Now therefore, I pray thee, let my lord the king hear the words of his servant. If the LORD have stirred thee up against me, let him accept an offering: but if they be the children of men, cursed be they before the LORD; for they have driven me out this day from abiding in the inheritance of the LORD, saying, Go, serve o
280,ow Barzillai was a very aged man, even fourscore years old: and he had provided the king of sustenance while he lay at Mahanaim; for he was a very great man. 
And the king said unto Barzillai, Come thou over with me, and I will feed thee with me in Jerusalem. 
And Barzillai said 
359,be the flesh in the midst thereof; but I will judge you in the border of Israel: 
And ye shall know that I am the LORD: for ye have not walked in my statutes, neither executed my judgments, but have done after the manners of the heathen that are round about you. 
And it came to pass, when I prophesied, that Pelatiah the son of Benaiah died. Then fell I down
317, as an handbreadth; and mine age is as nothing before thee: verily every man at his best state is altogether vanity. Selah. 
Surely every man walketh in a vain shew: surely they are disquieted in vain: he heapeth up riches, and knoweth not who shall gather them. 
And now, Lord, what wait I for? my hope is in thee. 

315,ken the teeth of the ungodly. 
Salvation belongeth unto the LORD: thy blessing is upon thy people. Selah. 
Hear me when I call, O God of my righteousness: thou hast enlarged me when I was in distress; have mercy upon me, and hear my prayer. 
O ye sons of men, how long will ye turn my glory into shame? how long wil
248,ng up a company against thee, and they shall stone thee with stones, and thrust thee through with their swords. 
And they shall burn thine houses with fire, and execute judgments upon thee in the sight of many women: and I will cause thee to cease 
295,f promise: but God gave it to Abraham by promise. 
Wherefore then serveth the law? It was added because of transgressions, till the seed should come to whom the promise was made; and it was ordained by angels in the hand of a mediator. 
Now a mediator is not a mediator of one, but God is one. 

341,on; for it is an offering of jealousy, an offering of memorial, bringing iniquity to remembrance. 
And the priest shall bring her near, and set her before the LORD: 
And the priest shall take holy water in an earthen vessel; and of the dust that is in the floor of the tabernacle the priest shall take, and put it into the water: 
And the pr
250, have sought out many inventions. 
Who is as the wise man? and who knoweth the interpretation of a thing? a man's wisdom maketh his face to shine, and the boldness of his face shall be changed. 
I counsel thee to keep the king's commandment, and that
345,hey devise my hurt. 
An evil disease, say they, cleaveth fast unto him: and now that he lieth he shall rise up no more. 
Yea, mine own familiar friend, in whom I trusted, which did eat of my bread, hath lifted up his heel against me. 
But thou, O LORD, be merciful unto me, and raise me up, that I may requite them. 
By this I know that thou fav
334,Javan, to the isles afar off, that have not heard my fame, neither have seen my glory; and they shall declare my glory among the Gentiles. 
And they shall bring all your brethren for an offering unto the LORD out of all nations upon horses, and in chariots, and in litters, and upon mules, and upon swift beasts, to my holy mountain J
301,n taken in adultery; and when they had set her in the midst, 
They say unto him, Master, this woman was taken in adultery, in the very act. 
Now Moses in the law commanded us, that such should be stoned: but what sayest thou? 
This they said, tempting him, that they might have to accuse him. But Jesu
316,
And there were seven steps to go up to it, and the arches thereof were before them: and it had palm trees, one on this side, and another on that side, upon the posts thereof. 
And there was a gate in the inner court toward the south: and he measured from gate to gate toward the south an hundred cubits. 
And he bro
289,g, 
As for the word that thou hast spoken unto us in the name of the LORD, we will not hearken unto thee. 
But we will certainly do whatsoever thing goeth forth out of our own mouth, to burn incense unto the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings unto her, as we have done, we, a
358, as the sand that is upon the sea shore in multitude, with horses and chariots very many. 
And when all these kings were met together, they came and pitched together at the waters of Merom, to fight against Israel. 
And the LORD said unto Joshua, Be not afraid because of them: for to morrow about this time will I deliver them up all slain before Israel: th
270, wounded. 
Add iniquity unto their iniquity: and let them not come into thy righteousness. 
Let them be blotted out of the book of the living, and not be written with the righteous. 
But I am poor and sorrowful: let thy salvation, O God, set me up on high. 
I will prais
350,l be howlings in that day, saith the Lord GOD: there shall be many dead bodies in every place; they shall cast them forth with silence. 
Hear this, O ye that swallow up the needy, even to make the poor of the land to fail, 
Saying, When will the new moon be gone, that we may sell corn? and the sabbath, that we may set forth wheat, making the ephah 
311, her face to the earth, and did reverence to the king, and said, Let my lord king David live for ever. 
And king David said, Call me Zadok the priest, and Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada. And they came before the king. 
The king also said unto them, Take with you the servants of your lord, 
301,go, ye cannot come; so now I say to you. 
A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another. 
By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another. 
Simon Peter said unto him, Lord, whither goest thou? Jesus 
278,ight; and David was girded with a linen ephod. 
So David and all the house of Israel brought up the ark of the LORD with shouting, and with the sound of the trumpet. 
And as the ark of the LORD came into the city of David, Michal Saul's daughter looked through a window, and saw
240,stroyed; happy shall he be, that rewardeth thee as thou hast served us. 
Happy shall he be, that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the stones. 
I will praise thee with my whole heart: before the gods will I sing praise unto thee. 

255,motion cometh neither from the east, nor from the west, nor from the south. 
But God is the judge: he putteth down one, and setteth up another. 
For in the hand of the LORD there is a cup, and the wine is red; it is full of mixture; and he poureth out of 
284,nd when they were come out, they went into the herd of swine: and, behold, the whole herd of swine ran violently down a steep place into the sea, and perished in the waters. 
And they that kept them fled, and went their ways into the city, and told every thing, and what was befallen 
349, stretch out upon it the line of confusion, and the stones of emptiness. 
They shall call the nobles thereof to the kingdom, but none shall be there, and all her princes shall be nothing. 
And thorns shall come up in her palaces, nettles and brambles in the fortresses thereof: and it shall be an habitation of dragons, and a court for owls. 
The wi
339,faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ: 
That we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive; 
But speaking the truth
342,with slanders. 
And they will deceive every one his neighbour, and will not speak the truth: they have taught their tongue to speak lies, and weary themselves to commit iniquity. 
Thine habitation is in the midst of deceit; through deceit they refuse to know me, saith the LORD. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, Behold, I will melt th
318, in the field: and thy father is a man of war, and will not lodge with the people. 
Behold, he is hid now in some pit, or in some other place: and it will come to pass, when some of them be overthrown at the first, that whosoever heareth it will say, There is a slaughter among the people that follow Absalom. 
And he 
281,s of my life, to behold the beauty of the LORD, and to enquire in his temple. 
For in the time of trouble he shall hide me in his pavilion: in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me; he shall set me up upon a rock. 
And now shall mine head be lifted up above mine enemies ro
281,ed, even thy merchants, from thy youth: they shall wander every one to his quarter; none shall save thee. 
Hear ye this, O house of Jacob, which are called by the name of Israel, and are come forth out of the waters of Judah, which swear by the name of the LORD, and make mention o
324,ren of Israel were come out of the land of Egypt, in the first day of the fifth month. 
And Aaron was an hundred and twenty and three years old when he died in mount Hor. 
And king Arad the Canaanite, which dwelt in the south in the land of Canaan, heard of the coming of the children of Israel. 
And they departed from moun
337, shall come near to my table, to minister unto me, and they shall keep my charge. 
And it shall come to pass, that when they enter in at the gates of the inner court, they shall be clothed with linen garments; and no wool shall come upon them, whiles they minister in the gates of the inner court, and within. 
They shall have linen bonn
270, me, Son of man, behold, I will break the staff of bread in Jerusalem: and they shall eat bread by weight, and with care; and they shall drink water by measure, and with astonishment: 
That they may want bread and water, and be astonied one with another, and consume awa
244,l have eaten and filled themselves, and waxen fat; then will they turn unto other gods, and serve them, and provoke me, and break my covenant. 
And it shall come to pass, when many evils and troubles are befallen them, that this song shall test
314,ou, and have done this thing. 
And now, behold, we are in thine hand: as it seemeth good and right unto thee to do unto us, do. 
And so did he unto them, and delivered them out of the hand of the children of Israel, that they slew them not. 
And Joshua made them that day hewers of wood and drawers of water for th
279,? 
And Moses sent to call Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab: which said, We will not come up: 
Is it a small thing that thou hast brought us up out of a land that floweth with milk and honey, to kill us in the wilderness, except thou make thyself altogether a prince over us? 
321,e king of bashan went out against them, he, and all his people, to the battle at edrei. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Fear him not: for I have delivered him into thy hand, and all his people, and his land; and thou shalt do to him as thou didst unto Sihon king of the Amorites, which dwelt at Heshbon. 
So they smote him
250,his man, and release unto us Barabbas: 
(Who for a certain sedition made in the city, and for murder, was cast into prison.) 
Pilate therefore, willing to release Jesus, spake again to them. 
But they cried, saying, Crucify him, crucify him. 
And he 
245,he sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye. 
For we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard. 
So when they had further threatened them, they let them go, finding nothing how they might punish them, because 
305,y father: and he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the wood: but where is the lamb for a burnt offering? 
And Abraham said, My son, God will provide himself a lamb for a burnt offering: so they went both of them together. 
And they came to the place which God had told him of; and 
290,ouse of Israel, are my people, saith the Lord GOD. 
And ye my flock, the flock of my pasture, are men, and I am your God, saith the Lord GOD. 
Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, set thy face against mount Seir, and prophesy against it, 
And say unto it, Thus s
326,gs Jesus shewed himself again to the disciples at the sea of Tiberias; and on this wise shewed he himself. 
There were together Simon Peter, and Thomas called Didymus, and Nathanael of Cana in Galilee, and the sons of Zebedee, and two other of his disciples. 
Simon Peter saith unto them, I go a fishing. They say unto him, We
266, even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love. 
These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full. 
This is my commandment, That ye love one another, as I have loved you. 
Greater love hath n
345,e days, that she was sick, and died: whom when they had washed, they laid her in an upper chamber. 
And forasmuch as Lydda was nigh to Joppa, and the disciples had heard that Peter was there, they sent unto him two men, desiring him that he would not delay to come to them. 
Then Peter arose and went with them. When he was come, they brought hi
348,only we have hope in Christ, we are of all men most miserable. 
But now is Christ risen from the dead, and become the firstfruits of them that slept. 
For since by man came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead. 
For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive. 
But every man in his own order: Christ the firstfrui
340,hall they consider. 
Who hath believed our report? and to whom is the arm of the LORD revealed? 
For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry ground: he hath no form nor comeliness; and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. 
He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrow
336,ing, 
Take him, and look well to him, and do him no harm; but do unto him even as he shall say unto thee. 
So Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard sent, and Nebushasban, Rabsaris, and Nergalsharezer, Rabmag, and all the king of Babylon's princes; 
Even they sent, and took Jeremiah out of the court of the prison, and committed him unto
245,t seek after my soul: let them be turned backward, and put to confusion, that desire my hurt. 
Let them be turned back for a reward of their shame that say, Aha, aha. 
Let all those that seek thee rejoice and be glad in thee: and let such as lov
312,th left hath the caterpiller eaten. 
Awake, ye drunkards, and weep; and howl, all ye drinkers of wine, because of the new wine; for it is cut off from your mouth. 
For a nation is come up upon my land, strong, and without number, whose teeth are the teeth of a lion, and he hath the cheek teeth of a great lion. 
287,poured out his fury like fire. 
The LORD was as an enemy: he hath swallowed up Israel, he hath swallowed up all her palaces: he hath destroyed his strong holds, and hath increased in the daughter of Judah mourning and lamentation. 
And he hath violently taken away his tabernacle, as if 
347,rom the flattery of the tongue of a strange woman. 
Lust not after her beauty in thine heart; neither let her take thee with her eyelids. 
For by means of a whorish woman a man is brought to a piece of bread: and the adultress will hunt for the precious life. 
Can a man take fire in his bosom, and his clothes not be burned? 
Can one go upon hot 
351, this book: 
And the LORD rooted them out of their land in anger, and in wrath, and in great indignation, and cast them into another land, as it is this day. 
The secret things belong unto the LORD our God: but those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children for ever, that we may do all the words of this law. 
And it shall come to
276, children of Machir by their families. 
These are the countries which Moses did distribute for inheritance in the plains of Moab, on the other side Jordan, by Jericho, eastward. 
But unto the tribe of Levi Moses gave not any inheritance: the LORD God of Israel was their inher
345, host of the Egyptians through the pillar of fire and of the cloud, and troubled the host of the Egyptians, 
And took off their chariot wheels, that they drave them heavily: so that the Egyptians said, Let us flee from the face of Israel; for the LORD fighteth for them against the Egyptians. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine han
326,adok the son of Immer over against his house. After him repaired also Shemaiah the son of Shechaniah, the keeper of the east gate. 
After him repaired Hananiah the son of Shelemiah, and Hanun the sixth son of Zalaph, another piece. After him repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah over against his chamber. 
After him repaire
274, and in all knowledge; 
Even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you: 
So that ye come behind in no gift; waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ: 
Who shall also confirm you unto the end, that ye may be blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ. 
God is
243,tter. 
Then Darius the king made a decree, and search was made in the house of the rolls, where the treasures were laid up in Babylon. 
And there was found at Achmetha, in the palace that is in the province of the Medes, a roll, and therein wa
348,s side Jordan near Jericho eastward, toward the sunrising. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
These are the names of the men which shall divide the land unto you: Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun. 
And ye shall take one prince of every tribe, to divide the land by inheritance. 
And the names of the men are these: Of the tribe o
314,bullock, and lay it on wood, and put no fire under: 
And call ye on the name of your gods, and I will call on the name of the LORD: and the God that answereth by fire, let him be God. And all the people answered and said, It is well spoken. 
And Elijah said unto the prophets of Baal, Choose you one bullock for yo
278,n, and the name of that on the left Boaz. 
Moreover he made an altar of brass, twenty cubits the length thereof, and twenty cubits the breadth thereof, and ten cubits the height thereof. 
Also he made a molten sea of ten cubits from brim to brim, round in compass, and five cubi
300, days came prophets from Jerusalem unto Antioch. 
And there stood up one of them named Agabus, and signified by the Spirit that there should be great dearth throughout all the world: which came to pass in the days of Claudius Caesar. 
Then the disciples, every man according to his ability, determine
314, him sick with bottles of wine; he stretched out his hand with scorners. 
For they have made ready their heart like an oven, whiles they lie in wait: their baker sleepeth all the night; in the morning it burneth as a flaming fire. 
They are all hot as an oven, and have devoured their judges; all their kings are f
274,nto the fowls of the heaven, and to the beasts of the earth. 
And Zedekiah king of Judah and his princes will I give into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of them that seek their life, and into the hand of the king of Babylon's army, which are gone up from you. 
252, he taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. 
And he came to Nazareth, where he had been brought up: and, as his custom was, he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and stood up for to read. 
And there was delivered unto him the book 
240,by the famine: thus will I accomplish my fury upon them. 
Then shall ye know that I am the LORD, when their slain men shall be among their idols round about their altars, upon every high hill, in all the tops of the mountains, and under eve
314,nd that whereupon they set their minds, their sons and their daughters, 
That he that escapeth in that day shall come unto thee, to cause thee to hear it with thine ears? 
In that day shall thy mouth be opened to him which is escaped, and thou shalt speak, and be no more dumb: and thou shalt be a sign unto them; 
296,the sons of Jacob. 
So Jacob came to Luz, which is in the land of Canaan, that is, Bethel, he and all the people that were with him. 
And he built there an altar, and called the place Elbethel: because there God appeared unto him, when he fled from the face of his brother. 
But Deborah Rebekah's
324,y as men for war against thee, O daughter of Zion. 
We have heard the fame thereof: our hands wax feeble: anguish hath taken hold of us, and pain, as of a woman in travail. 
Go not forth into the field, nor walk by the way; for the sword of the enemy and fear is on every side. 
O daughter of my people, gird thee with sackc
335, king David came to Bahurim, behold, thence came out a man of the family of the house of Saul, whose name was Shimei, the son of Gera: he came forth, and cursed still as he came. 
And he cast stones at David, and at all the servants of king David: and all the people and all the mighty men were on his right hand and on his left. 
And 
252,od, and stone, which see not, nor hear, nor know: and the God in whose hand thy breath is, and whose are all thy ways, hast thou not glorified: 
Then was the part of the hand sent from him; and this writing was written. 
And this is the writing that wa
299,ers: 
Thy graven images also will I cut off, and thy standing images out of the midst of thee; and thou shalt no more worship the work of thine hands. 
And I will pluck up thy groves out of the midst of thee: so will I destroy thy cities. 
And I will execute vengeance in anger and fury upon the hea
256,
O LORD, what shall I say, when Israel turneth their backs before their enemies! 
For the Canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land shall hear of it, and shall environ us round, and cut off our name from the earth: and what wilt thou do unto thy great
316,lding him loved him, and said unto him, One thing thou lackest: go thy way, sell whatsoever thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come, take up the cross, and follow me. 
And he was sad at that saying, and went away grieved: for he had great possessions. 
And Jesus looked roun
273, cross, that we may see and believe. And they that were crucified with him reviled him. 
And when the sixth hour was come, there was darkness over the whole land until the ninth hour. 
And at the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eloi, Eloi, lama sabachthan
278,t midnight there was a cry made, Behold, the bridegroom cometh; go ye out to meet him. 
Then all those virgins arose, and trimmed their lamps. 
And the foolish said unto the wise, Give us of your oil; for our lamps are gone out. 
But the wise answered, saying, Not so; lest ther
304,All these things have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet? 
Jesus said unto him, If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come and follow me. 
But when the young man heard that saying, he went away sorrowful: for he had g
270,that which I do I allow not: for what I would, that do I not; but what I hate, that do I. 
If then I do that which I would not, I consent unto the law that it is good. 
Now then it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me. 
For I know that in me (that is, in
314,stiff neck: behold, while I am yet alive with you this day, ye have been rebellious against the LORD; and how much more after my death? 
Gather unto me all the elders of your tribes, and your officers, that I may speak these words in their ears, and call heaven and earth to record against them. 
For I know that a
278,d gathered themselves together: yea, the abjects gathered themselves together against me, and I knew it not; they did tear me, and ceased not: 
With hypocritical mockers in feasts, they gnashed upon me with their teeth. 
Lord, how long wilt thou look on? rescue my soul from the
321,tines, Is not this David, the servant of Saul the king of Israel, which hath been with me these days, or these years, and I have found no fault in him since he fell unto me unto this day? 
And the princes of the Philistines were wroth with him; and the princes of the Philistines said unto him, Make this fellow return, t
295,ouse. 
Then said Boaz unto Ruth, Hearest thou not, my daughter? Go not to glean in another field, neither go from hence, but abide here fast by my maidens: 
Let thine eyes be on the field that they do reap, and go thou after them: have I not charged the young men that they shall not touch thee?
326,he camp, that he saw the calf, and the dancing: and Moses' anger waxed hot, and he cast the tables out of his hands, and brake them beneath the mount. 
And he took the calf which they had made, and burnt it in the fire, and ground it to powder, and strawed it upon the water, and made the children of Israel drink of it. 
And 
248, shalt see, and flow together, and thine heart shall fear, and be enlarged; because the abundance of the sea shall be converted unto thee, the forces of the Gentiles shall come unto thee. 
The multitude of camels shall cover thee, the dromedaries o
322,hey told Joab, saying, Abner the son of Ner came to the king, and he hath sent him away, and he is gone in peace. 
Then Joab came to the king, and said, What hast thou done? behold, Abner came unto thee; why is it that thou hast sent him away, and he is quite gone? 
Thou knowest Abner the son of Ner, that he came to dece
300, me my bread and my water, my wool and my flax, mine oil and my drink. 
Therefore, behold, I will hedge up thy way with thorns, and make a wall, that she shall not find her paths. 
And she shall follow after her lovers, but she shall not overtake them; and she shall seek them, but shall not find the
314,: and the dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authority. 
And I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death; and his deadly wound was healed: and all the world wondered after the beast. 
And they worshipped the dragon which gave power unto the beast: and they worshipped the beast, saying, Who 
290,e in the fields of the suburbs of their cities, in every several city, the men that were expressed by name, to give portions to all the males among the priests, and to all that were reckoned by genealogies among the Levites. 
And thus did Hezekiah throughout all Judah, and wrought that whi
242,stone: which is the second death. 
And there came unto me one of the seven angels which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and talked with me, saying, Come hither, I will shew thee the bride, the Lamb's wife. 
And he carried 
245,
For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. 
Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may
248,de he burnt with fire without the camp. 
And he slew the burnt offering; and Aaron's sons presented unto him the blood, which he sprinkled round about upon the altar. 
And they presented the burnt offering unto him, with the pieces thereof, and the
318,ll fall in this wilderness; and all that were numbered of you, according to your whole number, from twenty years old and upward which have murmured against me. 
Doubtless ye shall not come into the land, concerning which I sware to make you dwell therein, save Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun. 
B
291,e of thee. 
And I sent messengers out of the wilderness of Kedemoth unto Sihon king of Heshbon with words of peace, saying, 
Let me pass through thy land: I will go along by the high way, I will neither turn unto the right hand nor to the left. 
Thou shalt sell me meat for money, that I may
270,hat thy cloud standeth over them, and that thou goest before them, by day time in a pillar of a cloud, and in a pillar of fire by night. 
Now if thou shalt kill all this people as one man, then the nations which have heard the fame of thee will speak, saying, 
Because t
323, even the salvation of your souls. 
Of which salvation the prophets have enquired and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you: 
Searching what, or what manner of time the Spirit of Christ which was in them did signify, when it testified beforehand the sufferings of Christ, and the glory 
240, brook Eshcol, because of the cluster of grapes which the children of Israel cut down from thence. 
And they returned from searching of the land after forty days. 
And they went and came to Moses, and to Aaron, and to all the congregation o
288,dureth for ever: 
And brought out Israel from among them: for his mercy endureth for ever: 
With a strong hand, and with a stretched out arm: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
To him which divided the Red sea into parts: for his mercy endureth for ever: 
And made Israel to pass through t
259,l see thy righteousness, and all kings thy glory: and thou shalt be called by a new name, which the mouth of the LORD shall name. 
Thou shalt also be a crown of glory in the hand of the LORD, and a royal diadem in the hand of thy God. 
Thou shalt no more be t
317,gdom of Ahasuerus, even the people of Mordecai. 
In the first month, that is, the month Nisan, in the twelfth year of king Ahasuerus, they cast Pur, that is, the lot, before Haman from day to day, and from month to month, to the twelfth month, that is, the month Adar. 
And Haman said unto king Ahasuerus, There is a 
245, a snare for thee, and thou art also taken, O Babylon, and thou wast not aware: thou art found, and also caught, because thou hast striven against the LORD. 
The LORD hath opened his armoury, and hath brought forth the weapons of his indignation
250,s ways: 
So that they cause the cry of the poor to come unto him, and he heareth the cry of the afflicted. 
When he giveth quietness, who then can make trouble? and when he hideth his face, who then can behold him? whether it be done against a nation
283,thou because of me. 
Who will bring me into the strong city? who will lead me into Edom? 
Wilt not thou, O God, which hadst cast us off? and thou, O God, which didst not go out with our armies? 
Give us help from trouble: for vain is the help of man. 
Through God we shall do valiant
244,rah, and Mozah, 
And Rekem, and Irpeel, and Taralah, 
And Zelah, Eleph, and Jebusi, which is Jerusalem, Gibeath, and Kirjath; fourteen cities with their villages. This is the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families. 
326,f God at Jerusalem, and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter. 
Then Darius the king made a decree, and search was made in the house of the rolls, where the treasures were laid up in Babylon. 
And there was found at Achmetha, in the palace that is in the province of the Medes, a roll, and therein was a 
311,arted, wondering in himself at that which was come to pass. 
And, behold, two of them went that same day to a village called Emmaus, which was from Jerusalem about threescore furlongs. 
And they talked together of all these things which had happened. 
And it came to pass, that, while they communed together and
253,he sick of the palsy, Son, thy sins be forgiven thee. 
But there was certain of the scribes sitting there, and reasoning in their hearts, 
Why doth this man thus speak blasphemies? who can forgive sins but God only? 
And immediately when Jesus perceived
284,his bread. 
And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst. 
But I said unto you, That ye also have seen me, and believe not. 
All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that comet
301,, saying, Ye shall not shout, nor make any noise with your voice, neither shall any word proceed out of your mouth, until the day I bid you shout; then shall ye shout. 
So the ark of the LORD compassed the city, going about it once: and they came into the camp, and lodged in the camp. 
And Joshua ros
350, and possession of the king, and of his sons, with the officers, and with the mighty men, and with all the valiant men, unto Jerusalem. 
Then David the king stood up upon his feet, and said, Hear me, my brethren, and my people: As for me, I had in mine heart to build an house of rest for the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and for the footstool of
249,en of by the prophet Esaias, saying, The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight. 
And the same John had his raiment of camel's hair, and a leathern girdle about his loins; and his meat was locu
342,. 
Strangers have devoured his strength, and he knoweth it not: yea, gray hairs are here and there upon him, yet he knoweth not. 
And the pride of Israel testifieth to his face: and they do not return to the LORD their God, nor seek him for all this. 
Ephraim also is like a silly dove without heart: they call to Egypt, they go to Assyria. 

297, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you. 
To him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen. 
By Silvanus, a faithful brother unto you, as I suppose, I have written briefly, exhorting, and testifying that this is the true grace of God wherein ye stand. 
The church that is at Babylo
335,lory in the land of the living; 
I will make thee a terror, and thou shalt be no more: though thou be sought for, yet shalt thou never be found again, saith the Lord GOD. 
The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying, 
Now, thou son of man, take up a lamentation for Tyrus; 
And say unto Tyrus, O thou that art situate at the entry 
345,an and Ephah; all they from Sheba shall come: they shall bring gold and incense; and they shall shew forth the praises of the LORD. 
All the flocks of Kedar shall be gathered together unto thee, the rams of Nebaioth shall minister unto thee: they shall come up with acceptance on mine altar, and I will glorify the house of my glory. 
Who are th
253, wickedness, and drink the wine of violence. 
But the path of the just is as the shining light, that shineth more and more unto the perfect day. 
The way of the wicked is as darkness: they know not at what they stumble. 
My son, attend to my words; incl
240,over on dry ground, until all the people were passed clean over Jordan. 
And it came to pass, when all the people were clean passed over Jordan, that the LORD spake unto Joshua, saying, 
Take you twelve men out of the people, out of every t
325, of the children of men:) 
That they may fear thee, to walk in thy ways, so long as they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers. 
Moreover concerning the stranger, which is not of thy people Israel, but is come from a far country for thy great name's sake, and thy mighty hand, and thy stretched out arm; if they
290,heep. 
Cursed shalt thou be when thou comest in, and cursed shalt thou be when thou goest out. 
The LORD shall send upon thee cursing, vexation, and rebuke, in all that thou settest thine hand unto for to do, until thou be destroyed, and until thou perish quickly; because of the wickedness
348,ok Kishon, and slew them there. 
And Elijah said unto Ahab, Get thee up, eat and drink; for there is a sound of abundance of rain. 
So Ahab went up to eat and to drink. And Elijah went up to the top of Carmel; and he cast himself down upon the earth, and put his face between his knees, 
And said to his servant, Go up now, look toward the sea. And
246,daughter of Jerusalem hath shaken her head at thee. 
Whom hast thou reproached and blasphemed? and against whom hast thou exalted thy voice, and lifted up thine eyes on high? even against the Holy One of Israel. 
By thy servants hast thou reproac
287,hearken and do; defer not, for thine own sake, O my God: for thy city and thy people are called by thy name. 
And whiles I was speaking, and praying, and confessing my sin and the sin of my people Israel, and presenting my supplication before the LORD my God for the holy mountain of my 
288,or woman shall separate themselves to vow a vow of a Nazarite, to separate themselves unto the LORD: 
He shall separate himself from wine and strong drink, and shall drink no vinegar of wine, or vinegar of strong drink, neither shall he drink any liquor of grapes, nor eat moist grapes, o
262,shes thereof, shall be of pure gold. 
Of a talent of pure gold shall he make it, with all these vessels. 
And look that thou make them after their pattern, which was shewed thee in the mount. 
Moreover thou shalt make the tabernacle with ten curtains of fine twi
336,ord, 
According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue: 
Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises: that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is 
262,ty of Shushan rejoiced and was glad. 
The Jews had light, and gladness, and joy, and honour. 
And in every province, and in every city, whithersoever the king's commandment and his decree came, the Jews had joy and gladness, a feast and a good day. And many of t
265,ave received more; and they likewise received every man a penny. 
And when they had received it, they murmured against the goodman of the house, 
Saying, These last have wrought but one hour, and thou hast made them equal unto us, which have borne the burden and he
264,in the camel's furniture, and sat upon them. And Laban searched all the tent, but found them not. 
And she said to her father, Let it not displease my lord that I cannot rise up before thee; for the custom of women is upon me. And he searched but found not the ima
334, certainty of the words of truth; that thou mightest answer the words of truth to them that send unto thee? 
Rob not the poor, because he is poor: neither oppress the afflicted in the gate: 
For the LORD will plead their cause, and spoil the soul of those that spoiled them. 
Make no friendship with an angry man; and with a furious m
308,gation. 
And he shall take off from it all the fat of the bullock for the sin offering; the fat that covereth the inwards, and all the fat that is upon the inwards, 
And the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, which is by the flanks, and the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take a
352,go to the gates of the grave: I am deprived of the residue of my years. 
I said, I shall not see the LORD, even the LORD, in the land of the living: I shall behold man no more with the inhabitants of the world. 
Mine age is departed, and is removed from me as a shepherd's tent: I have cut off like a weaver my life: he will cut me off with pining sick
308,is good for me to draw near to God: I have put my trust in the Lord GOD, that I may declare all thy works. 
O God, why hast thou cast us off for ever? why doth thine anger smoke against the sheep of thy pasture? 
Remember thy congregation, which thou hast purchased of old; the rod of thine inheritance, whic
255,rein few, that is, eight souls were saved by water. 
The like figure whereunto even baptism doth also now save us (not the putting away of the filth of the flesh, but the answer of a good conscience toward God,) by the resurrection of Jesus Christ: 
Who i
246,nd cried, and said unto them, Hearken unto me, ye men of Shechem, that God may hearken unto you. 
The trees went forth on a time to anoint a king over them; and they said unto the olive tree, Reign thou over us. 
But the olive tree said unto them
242,to the king of Jericho. 
Then Joshua passed from Makkedah, and all Israel with him, unto Libnah, and fought against Libnah: 
And the LORD delivered it also, and the king thereof, into the hand of Israel; and he smote it with the edge of the s
261,ccording to their tribes; and the spirit of God came upon him. 
And he took up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor hath said, and the man whose eyes are open hath said: 
He hath said, which heard the words of God, which saw the vision of the Almighty,
323,ld, unto the land which thou swarest unto their fathers? 
Whence should I have flesh to give unto all this people? for they weep unto me, saying, Give us flesh, that we may eat. 
I am not able to bear all this people alone, because it is too heavy for me. 
And if thou deal thus with me, kill me, I pray thee, out of hand, 
330, bones of them that were hanged. 
And the bones of Saul and Jonathan his son buried they in the country of Benjamin in Zelah, in the sepulchre of Kish his father: and they performed all that the king commanded. And after that God was intreated for the land. 
Moreover the Philistines had yet war again with Israel; and David went 
309,the streets of the same, and say, 
Even the very dust of your city, which cleaveth on us, we do wipe off against you: notwithstanding be ye sure of this, that the kingdom of God is come nigh unto you. 
But I say unto you, that it shall be more tolerable in that day for Sodom, than for that city. 
Woe unto th
302,h psalteries and with harps; but Asaph made a sound with cymbals; 
Benaiah also and Jahaziel the priests with trumpets continually before the ark of the covenant of God. 
Then on that day David delivered first this psalm to thank the LORD into the hand of Asaph and his brethren. 
Give thanks unto the 
305,hey receive you, eat such things as are set before you: 
And heal the sick that are therein, and say unto them, The kingdom of God is come nigh unto you. 
But into whatsoever city ye enter, and they receive you not, go your ways out into the streets of the same, and say, 
Even the very dust of your city,
330,t ye may prophesy. 
For he that speaketh in an unknown tongue speaketh not unto men, but unto God: for no man understandeth him; howbeit in the spirit he speaketh mysteries. 
But he that prophesieth speaketh unto men to edification, and exhortation, and comfort. 
He that speaketh in an unknown tongue edifieth himself; but he tha
358,d three hundred and five and thirty days. 
But go thou thy way till the end be: for thou shalt rest, and stand in thy lot at the end of the days. 
The word of the LORD that came unto Hosea, the son of Beeri, in the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam the son of Joash, king of Israel. 
The beginning of the
353,then the camps that lie on the south side shall take their journey: they shall blow an alarm for their journeys. 
But when the congregation is to be gathered together, ye shall blow, but ye shall not sound an alarm. 
And the sons of Aaron, the priests, shall blow with the trumpets; and they shall be to you for an ordinance for ever throughout your gen
263,h our father in the land of Canaan. 
And the man, the lord of the country, said unto us, Hereby shall I know that ye are true men; leave one of your brethren here with me, and take food for the famine of your households, and be gone: 
And bring your youngest brot
289, as the priest shall estimate it, so shall it stand. 
And if he that sanctified it will redeem his house, then he shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimation unto it, and it shall be his. 
And if a man shall sanctify unto the LORD some part of a field of his possession, then t
322,t betray him unto them. 
And they were glad, and covenanted to give him money. 
And he promised, and sought opportunity to betray him unto them in the absence of the multitude. 
Then came the day of unleavened bread, when the passover must be killed. 
And he sent Peter and John, saying, Go and prepare us the passover, th
307,whence was it? from heaven, or of men? And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say unto us, Why did ye not then believe him? 
But if we shall say, Of men; we fear the people; for all hold John as a prophet. 
And they answered Jesus, and said, We cannot tell. And he 
301,they that have done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation. 
I can of mine own self do nothing: as I hear, I judge: and my judgment is just; because I seek not mine own will, but the will of the Father which hath sent me. 
If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true. 
There is another that 
344,dge my people, over whom I have made thee king: 
Wisdom and knowledge is granted unto thee; and I will give thee riches, and wealth, and honour, such as none of the kings have had that have been before thee, neither shall there any after thee have the like. 
Then Solomon came from his journey to the high place that was at Gibeon to Jerusalem,
306,s to him in well doing, as unto a faithful Creator. 
The elders which are among you I exhort, who am also an elder, and a witness of the sufferings of Christ, and also a partaker of the glory that shall be revealed: 
Feed the flock of God which is among you, taking the oversight thereof, not by constraint
252,all ye mention no more: for every man's word shall be his burden; for ye have perverted the words of the living God, of the LORD of hosts our God. 
Thus shalt thou say to the prophet, What hath the LORD answered thee? and, What hath the LORD spoken? 
B
254,: and the angel of the LORD stood in the way for an adversary against him. Now he was riding upon his ass, and his two servants were with him. 
And the ass saw the angel of the LORD standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his hand: and the ass turned
342,asts that shall be in these tents, as this plague. 
And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left of all the nations which came against Jerusalem shall even go up from year to year to worship the King, the LORD of hosts, and to keep the feast of tabernacles. 
And it shall be, that whoso will not come up of all the families of the e
275, shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne. 
And now, behold, Adonijah reigneth; and now, my lord the king, thou knowest it not: 
And he hath slain oxen and fat cattle and sheep in abundance, and hath called all the sons of the king, and Abiathar the priest, and 
309,
Build you cities for your little ones, and folds for your sheep; and do that which hath proceeded out of your mouth. 
And the children of Gad and the children of Reuben spake unto Moses, saying, Thy servants will do as my lord commandeth. 
Our little ones, our wives, our flocks, and all our cattle, shall be
277, for our people, and for the cities of our God: and the LORD do that which seemeth him good. 
And Joab drew nigh, and the people that were with him, unto the battle against the Syrians: and they fled before him. 
And when the children of Ammon saw that the Syrians were fled, t
250, people, and having stoned Paul, drew him out of the city, supposing he had been dead. 
Howbeit, as the disciples stood round about him, he rose up, and came into the city: and the next day he departed with Barnabas to Derbe. 
And when they had preac
303,of Goshen, and thou shalt be near unto me, thou, and thy children, and thy children's children, and thy flocks, and thy herds, and all that thou hast: 
And there will I nourish thee; for yet there are five years of famine; lest thou, and thy household, and all that thou hast, come to poverty. 
And, beh
275,n came into the house: and he ungirded his camels, and gave straw and provender for the camels, and water to wash his feet, and the men's feet that were with him. 
And there was set meat before him to eat: but he said, I will not eat, until I have told mine errand. And he sa
333,pake also to Zedekiah king of Judah according to all these words, saying, Bring your necks under the yoke of the king of Babylon, and serve him and his people, and live. 
Why will ye die, thou and thy people, by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence, as the LORD hath spoken against the nation that will not serve the king 
281, therewith, and the ark of the testimony, 
And the table and all his vessels, and the candlestick and his vessels, and the altar of incense, 
And the altar of burnt offering with all his vessels, and the laver and his foot. 
And thou shalt sanctify them, that they may be most holy
263,ch of it was a burden. 
Behold, at that time I will undo all that afflict thee: and I will save her that halteth, and gather her that was driven out; and I will get them praise and fame in every land where they have been put to shame. 
At that time will I bring y
334,rother. 
And the thing which he did displeased the LORD: wherefore he slew him also. 
Then said Judah to Tamar his daughter in law, Remain a widow at thy father's house, till Shelah my son be grown: for he said, Lest peradventure he die also, as his brethren did. And Tamar went and dwelt in her father's house. 
And in process of tim
300,aven, and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness. 
And with these sayings scarce restrained they the people, that they had not done sacrifice unto them. 
And there came thither certain Jews from Antioch and Iconium, who persuaded the people, and having stoned Paul, drew him out 
297, thou shalt say unto Aaron, Take thy rod, and cast it before Pharaoh, and it shall become a serpent. 
And Moses and Aaron went in unto Pharaoh, and they did so as the LORD had commanded: and Aaron cast down his rod before Pharaoh, and before his servants, and it became a serpent. 
Then Pharaoh al
263,urselves, and live ye. 
Moreover take thou up a lamentation for the princes of Israel, 
And say, What is thy mother? A lioness: she lay down among lions, she nourished her whelps among young lions. 
And she brought up one of her whelps: it became a young lion, an
247, and Hotham, and Shua their sister. 
And the sons of Japhlet; Pasach, and Bimhal, and Ashvath. These are the children of Japhlet. 
And the sons of Shamer; Ahi, and Rohgah, Jehubbah, and Aram. 
And the sons of his brother Helem; Zophah, and Imna, a
353, thy sickle, and reap: for the time is come for thee to reap; for the harvest of the earth is ripe. 
And he that sat on the cloud thrust in his sickle on the earth; and the earth was reaped. 
And another angel came out of the temple which is in heaven, he also having a sharp sickle. 
And another angel came out from the altar, which had power over fire
272,d unto you, Ye shall henceforth return no more that way. 
Neither shall he multiply wives to himself, that his heart turn not away: neither shall he greatly multiply to himself silver and gold. 
And it shall be, when he sitteth upon the throne of his kingdom, that he shal
302, he, O LORD our God? therefore we will wait upon thee: for thou hast made all these things. 
Then said the LORD unto me, Though Moses and Samuel stood before me, yet my mind could not be toward this people: cast them out of my sight, and let them go forth. 
And it shall come to pass, if they say unto 
278, LORD bloweth upon it: surely the people is grass. 
The grass withereth, the flower fadeth: but the word of our God shall stand for ever. 
O Zion, that bringest good tidings, get thee up into the high mountain; O Jerusalem, that bringest good tidings, lift up thy voice with str
290,banquet that I shall prepare for them, and I will do to morrow as the king hath said. 
Then went Haman forth that day joyful and with a glad heart: but when Haman saw Mordecai in the king's gate, that he stood not up, nor moved for him, he was full of indignation against Mordecai. 
Neverth
314,l I cause lewdness to cease out of the land, that all women may be taught not to do after your lewdness. 
And they shall recompense your lewdness upon you, and ye shall bear the sins of your idols: and ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD. 
Again in the ninth year, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the mont
322,iveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. 
Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and come again unto you. If ye loved me, ye would rejoice, because I said, I go unto the Father: for my Father is greater than I. 
And now I have told you before it come to pass, that, when it 
260,called for Shimei, and said unto him, Build thee an house in Jerusalem, and dwell there, and go not forth thence any whither. 
For it shall be, that on the day thou goest out, and passest over the brook Kidron, thou shalt know for certain that thou shalt surel
254,s; and Caleb said unto her, What wouldest thou? 
Who answered, Give me a blessing; for thou hast given me a south land; give me also springs of water. And he gave her the upper springs, and the nether springs. 
This is the inheritance of the tribe of the
291,t thy word, I pray thee, be verified, which thou spakest unto thy servant David my father. 
But will God indeed dwell on the earth? behold, the heaven and heaven of heavens cannot contain thee; how much less this house that I have builded? 
Yet have thou respect unto the prayer of thy serva
320,; for ye shall eat with me to day, and to morrow I will let thee go, and will tell thee all that is in thine heart. 
And as for thine asses that were lost three days ago, set not thy mind on them; for they are found. And on whom is all the desire of Israel? Is it not on thee, and on all thy father's house? 
And Saul an
271,Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write. 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. 
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the commandment of God our Saviour, and Lord Jesus Christ, which is our hope; 
Unto Timothy, my own s
251,s in the south. 
They that sow in tears shall reap in joy. 
He that goeth forth and weepeth, bearing precious seed, shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with him. 
Except the LORD build the house, they labour in vain that bu
359,oad, as sheep having no shepherd. 
Then saith he unto his disciples, The harvest truly is plenteous, but the labourers are few; 
Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he will send forth labourers into his harvest. 
And when he had called unto him his twelve disciples, he gave them power against unclean spirits, to cast them out, and to heal all ma
308,worship me, all shall be thine. 
And Jesus answered and said unto him, Get thee behind me, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve. 
And he brought him to Jerusalem, and set him on a pinnacle of the temple, and said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, ca
313,orld; and the reapers are the angels. 
As therefore the tares are gathered and burned in the fire; so shall it be in the end of this world. 
The Son of man shall send forth his angels, and they shall gather out of his kingdom all things that offend, and them which do iniquity; 
And shall cast them into a furnace
295,ys, and according to the fruit of his doings. 
As the partridge sitteth on eggs, and hatcheth them not; so he that getteth riches, and not by right, shall leave them in the midst of his days, and at his end shall be a fool. 
A glorious high throne from the beginning is the place of our sanctuar
328, 
And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you. 
Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and ye shall receive, that your joy may be full. 
These things have I spoken unto you in proverbs: but the time cometh, when I shall no 
266,se the fish of thy rivers to stick unto thy scales, and I will bring thee up out of the midst of thy rivers, and all the fish of thy rivers shall stick unto thy scales. 
And I will leave thee thrown into the wilderness, thee and all the fish of thy rivers: thou shal
276,g: therefore I hate every false way. 
Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path. 
I have sworn, and I will perform it, that I will keep thy righteous judgments. 
I am afflicted very much: quicken me, O LORD, according unto thy word. 
Accept, I beseech thee, th
357,urned to Hebron, Joab took him aside in the gate to speak with him quietly, and smote him there under the fifth rib, that he died, for the blood of Asahel his brother. 
And afterward when David heard it, he said, I and my kingdom are guiltless before the LORD for ever from the blood of Abner the son of Ner: 
Let it rest on the head of Joab, and on all his
282,is spear against three hundred, he slew them, and had a name among the three. 
Of the three, he was more honourable than the two; for he was their captain: howbeit he attained not to the first three. 
Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, the son of a valiant man of Kabzeel, who had done ma
248, cry is come unto me. 
And when Samuel saw Saul, the LORD said unto him, Behold the man whom I spake to thee of! this same shall reign over my people. 
Then Saul drew near to Samuel in the gate, and said, Tell me, I pray thee, where the seer's hous
283,called Abram, but thy name shall be Abraham; for a father of many nations have I made thee. 
And I will make thee exceeding fruitful, and I will make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee. 
And I will establish my covenant between me and thee and thy seed after thee in t
305,er it. 
And thou shalt make a covering for the tent of rams' skins dyed red, and a covering above of badgers' skins. 
And thou shalt make boards for the tabernacle of shittim wood standing up. 
Ten cubits shall be the length of a board, and a cubit and a half shall be the breadth of one board. 
Two tenon
241,d the Jebusite in the mountains, and to the Hivite under Hermon in the land of Mizpeh. 
And they went out, they and all their hosts with them, much people, even as the sand that is upon the sea shore in multitude, with horses and chariots ve
268,gment. 
Then answered Zophar the Naamathite, and said, 
Therefore do my thoughts cause me to answer, and for this I make haste. 
I have heard the check of my reproach, and the spirit of my understanding causeth me to answer. 
Knowest thou not this of old, since man wa
257, delivered us into the hands of the Midianites. 
And the LORD looked upon him, and said, Go in this thy might, and thou shalt save Israel from the hand of the Midianites: have not I sent thee? 
And he said unto him, Oh my Lord, wherewith shall I save Israel
240,gs which are seen are temporal; but the things which are not seen are eternal. 
For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of God, an house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. 
For i
346,. 
The fear of man bringeth a snare: but whoso putteth his trust in the LORD shall be safe. 
Many seek the ruler's favour; but every man's judgment cometh from the LORD. 
An unjust man is an abomination to the just: and he that is upright in the way is abomination to the wicked. 
The words of Agur the son of Jakeh, even the prophecy: the man sp
322,ade great lamentation over him. 
As for Saul, he made havock of the church, entering into every house, and haling men and women committed them to prison. 
Therefore they that were scattered abroad went every where preaching the word. 
Then Philip went down to the city of Samaria, and preached Christ unto them. 
And the p
248,de upon the king's mule: 
And Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet have anointed him king in Gihon: and they are come up from thence rejoicing, so that the city rang again. This is the noise that ye have heard. 
And also Solomon sitteth on the t
344,eye runneth down with water, because the comforter that should relieve my soul is far from me: my children are desolate, because the enemy prevailed. 
Zion spreadeth forth her hands, and there is none to comfort her: the LORD hath commanded concerning Jacob, that his adversaries should be round about him: Jerusalem is as a menstruous woman am
252,ing, and is a witness, whether he hath seen or known of it; if he do not utter it, then he shall bear his iniquity. 
Or if a soul touch any unclean thing, whether it be a carcase of an unclean beast, or a carcase of unclean cattle, or the carcase of un
314,sent to Huram the king of Tyre, saying, As thou didst deal with David my father, and didst send him cedars to build him an house to dwell therein, even so deal with me. 
Behold, I build an house to the name of the LORD my God, to dedicate it to him, and to burn before him sweet incense, and for the continual shew
267,he had left him none remaining. 
And from Lachish Joshua passed unto Eglon, and all Israel with him; and they encamped against it, and fought against it: 
And they took it on that day, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were therein he ut
308, people fat, and make their ears heavy, and shut their eyes; lest they see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and understand with their heart, and convert, and be healed. 
Then said I, Lord, how long? And he answered, Until the cities be wasted without inhabitant, and the houses without man, and the
299,learn to do after the abominations of those nations. 
There shall not be found among you any one that maketh his son or his daughter to pass through the fire, or that useth divination, or an observer of times, or an enchanter, or a witch. 
Or a charmer, or a consulter with familiar spirits, or a wi
282,take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever: 
Therefore the LORD God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from whence he was taken. 
So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubims, and a flaming sword which tur
311, bread wherewith I have fed you in the wilderness, when I brought you forth from the land of Egypt. 
And Moses said unto Aaron, Take a pot, and put an omer full of manna therein, and lay it up before the LORD, to be kept for your generations. 
As the LORD commanded Moses, so Aaron laid it up before the Testimo
257,mour, and sent into the land of the Philistines round about, to publish it in the house of their idols, and among the people. 
And they put his armour in the house of Ashtaroth: and they fastened his body to the wall of Bethshan. 
And when the inhabitants o
313,
And the cities which ye shall give shall be of the possession of the children of Israel: from them that have many ye shall give many; but from them that have few ye shall give few: every one shall give of his cities unto the Levites according to his inheritance which he inheriteth. 
And the LORD spake unto Mose
346, 
Then said he also to him that bade him, When thou makest a dinner or a supper, call not thy friends, nor thy brethren, neither thy kinsmen, nor thy rich neighbours; lest they also bid thee again, and a recompence be made thee. 
But when thou makest a feast, call the poor, the maimed, the lame, the blind: 
And thou shalt be blessed; for they c
356,ast the same hour into the midst of a burning fiery furnace; and who is that God that shall deliver you out of my hands? 
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, answered and said to the king, O Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter. 
If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace, and he will 
255,rnt offering unto the LORD; two young bullocks, and one ram, seven lambs of the first year without spot; 
And three tenth deals of flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, for one bullock; and two tenth deals of flour for a meat offering, mingled with
325,in the wilderness that Nabal did shear his sheep. 
And David sent out ten young men, and David said unto the young men, Get you up to Carmel, and go to Nabal, and greet him in my name: 
And thus shall ye say to him that liveth in prosperity, Peace be both to thee, and peace be to thine house, and peace be unto all that thou
309,truth be with thee. 
And Ittai answered the king, and said, As the LORD liveth, and as my lord the king liveth, surely in what place my lord the king shall be, whether in death or life, even there also will thy servant be. 
And David said to Ittai, Go and pass over. And Ittai the Gittite passed over, and all
353,o adulteress, though she be married to another man. 
Wherefore, my brethren, ye also are become dead to the law by the body of Christ; that ye should be married to another, even to him who is raised from the dead, that we should bring forth fruit unto God. 
For when we were in the flesh, the motions of sins, which were by the law, did work in our memb
249,ldren of Israel, that they bring thee a red heifer without spot, wherein is no blemish, and upon which never came yoke: 
And ye shall give her unto Eleazar the priest, that he may bring her forth without the camp, and one shall slay her before his f
243,em the third day, This do, and live; for I fear God: 
If ye be true men, let one of your brethren be bound in the house of your prison: go ye, carry corn for the famine of your houses: 
But bring your youngest brother unto me; so shall your wo
354,ake merry, and shall send gifts one to another; because these two prophets tormented them that dwelt on the earth. 
And after three days and an half the spirit of life from God entered into them, and they stood upon their feet; and great fear fell upon them which saw them. 
And they heard a great voice from heaven saying unto them, Come up hither. And 
335,n is fallen, is fallen; and all the graven images of her gods he hath broken unto the ground. 
O my threshing, and the corn of my floor: that which I have heard of the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, have I declared unto you. 
The burden of Dumah. He calleth to me out of Seir, Watchman, what of the night? Watchman, what of the nigh
281,RD hath redeemed his servant Jacob. 
And they thirsted not when he led them through the deserts: he caused the waters to flow out of the rock for them: he clave the rock also, and the waters gushed out. 
There is no peace, saith the LORD, unto the wicked. 
Listen, O isles, unto me
350,nts thereof have spoken lies, and their tongue is deceitful in their mouth. 
Therefore also will I make thee sick in smiting thee, in making thee desolate because of thy sins. 
Thou shalt eat, but not be satisfied; and thy casting down shall be in the midst of thee; and thou shalt take hold, but shalt not deliver; and that which thou deliverest wil
317,fter that they have borne their shame, and all their trespasses whereby they have trespassed against me, when they dwelt safely in their land, and none made them afraid. 
When I have brought them again from the people, and gathered them out of their enemies' lands, and am sanctified in them in the sight of many nati
250,orruptly against thee, and have not kept the commandments, nor the statutes, nor the judgments, which thou commandedst thy servant Moses. 
Remember, I beseech thee, the word that thou commandedst thy servant Moses, saying, If ye transgress, I will sc
252,to him. 
Stand in awe, and sin not: commune with your own heart upon your bed, and be still. Selah. 
Offer the sacrifices of righteousness, and put your trust in the LORD. 
There be many that say, Who will shew us any good? LORD, lift thou up the light
258,of the people, and make an atonement for them; as the LORD commanded. 
Aaron therefore went unto the altar, and slew the calf of the sin offering, which was for himself. 
And the sons of Aaron brought the blood unto him: and he dipped his finger in the blood
324,s became David's servants. Thus the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went. 
So David reigned over all Israel, and executed judgment and justice among all his people. 
And Joab the son of Zeruiah was over the host; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud, recorder. 
And Zadok the son of Ahitub, and Abimelech the son of Abiat
285, as soon as the voice of thy salutation sounded in mine ears, the babe leaped in my womb for joy. 
And blessed is she that believed: for there shall be a performance of those things which were told her from the Lord. 
And Mary said, My soul doth magnify the Lord, 
And my spirit hath r
355,the hardness of your heart he wrote you this precept. 
But from the beginning of the creation God made them male and female. 
For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and cleave to his wife; 
And they twain shall be one flesh: so then they are no more twain, but one flesh. 
What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder.
257,t true; 
As unknown, and yet well known; as dying, and, behold, we live; as chastened, and not killed; 
As sorrowful, yet alway rejoicing; as poor, yet making many rich; as having nothing, and yet possessing all things. 
O ye Corinthians, our mouth is open 
283,g to his eating: and when the sun waxed hot, it melted. 
And it came to pass, that on the sixth day they gathered twice as much bread, two omers for one man: and all the rulers of the congregation came and told Moses. 
And he said unto them, This is that which the LORD hath said, To
297,. 
And he answered and said unto them, What did Moses command you? 
And they said, Moses suffered to write a bill of divorcement, and to put her away. 
And Jesus answered and said unto them, For the hardness of your heart he wrote you this precept. 
But from the beginning of the creation God made
316,hou doest these things? 
Jesus answered and said unto them, Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up. 
Then said the Jews, Forty and six years was this temple in building, and wilt thou rear it up in three days? 
But he spake of the temple of his body. 
When therefore he was risen from the dead, hi
317,in Zion appeareth before God. 
O LORD God of hosts, hear my prayer: give ear, O God of Jacob. Selah. 
Behold, O God our shield, and look upon the face of thine anointed. 
For a day in thy courts is better than a thousand. I had rather be a doorkeeper in the house of my God, than to dwell in the tents of wickedness. 
272,art, O God; and renew a right spirit within me. 
Cast me not away from thy presence; and take not thy holy spirit from me. 
Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation; and uphold me with thy free spirit. 
Then will I teach transgressors thy ways; and sinners shall be conver
312,is abominations from between his teeth: but he that remaineth, even he, shall be for our God, and he shall be as a governor in Judah, and Ekron as a Jebusite. 
And I will encamp about mine house because of the army, because of him that passeth by, and because of him that returneth: and no oppressor shall pass t
356,usalem. 
And many among them shall stumble, and fall, and be broken, and be snared, and be taken. 
Bind up the testimony, seal the law among my disciples. 
And I will wait upon the LORD, that hideth his face from the house of Jacob, and I will look for him. 
Behold, I and the children whom the LORD hath given me are for signs and for wonders in Israel fr
306,Michael, and with him fourscore males. 
Of the sons of Joab; Obadiah the son of Jehiel, and with him two hundred and eighteen males. 
And of the sons of Shelomith; the son of Josiphiah, and with him an hundred and threescore males. 
And of the sons of Bebai; Zechariah the son of Bebai, and with him twenty
272,ecause that Tyrus hath said against Jerusalem, Aha, she is broken that was the gates of the people: she is turned unto me: I shall be replenished, now she is laid waste: 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Tyrus, and will cause many nations to
285,saying, Prophesy not in the name of the LORD, that thou die not by our hand: 
Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, Behold, I will punish them: the young men shall die by the sword; their sons and their daughters shall die by famine: 
And there shall be no remnant of them: for I wil
341,the Son of God; 
As it is written in the prophets, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee. 
The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight. 
John did baptize in the wilderness, and preach the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins. 
A
254,Added yet this above all, that he shut up John in prison. 
Now when all the people were baptized, it came to pass, that Jesus also being baptized, and praying, the heaven was opened, 
And the Holy Ghost descended in a bodily shape like a dove upon him, a
349, are beyond thee; go thy way: for the LORD hath sent thee away. 
And as touching the matter which thou and I have spoken of, behold, the LORD be between thee and me for ever. 
So David hid himself in the field: and when the new moon was come, the king sat him down to eat meat. 
And the king sat upon his seat, as at other times, even upon a seat by
346,Pharaoh's heart, that he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had said. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Pharaoh's heart is hardened, he refuseth to let the people go. 
Get thee unto Pharaoh in the morning; lo, he goeth out unto the water; and thou shalt stand by the river's brink against he come; and the rod which was turned to a serpent shalt t
339,, and unto his sons, and unto all the children of Israel, and say unto them; This is the thing which the LORD hath commanded, saying, 
What man soever there be of the house of Israel, that killeth an ox, or lamb, or goat, in the camp, or that killeth it out of the camp, 
And bringeth it not unto the door of the tabernacle of the congrega
258,, let him depart. A brother or a sister is not under bondage in such cases: but God hath called us to peace. 
For what knowest thou, O wife, whether thou shalt save thy husband? or how knowest thou, O man, whether thou shalt save thy wife? 
But as God hath d
283,places. 
And Moses went up from the plains of Moab unto the mountain of Nebo, to the top of Pisgah, that is over against Jericho. And the LORD shewed him all the land of Gilead, unto Dan, 
And all Naphtali, and the land of Ephraim, and Manasseh, and all the land of Judah, unto the u
344, be unclean seven days. 
And for an unclean person they shall take of the ashes of the burnt heifer of purification for sin, and running water shall be put thereto in a vessel: 
And a clean person shall take hyssop, and dip it in the water, and sprinkle it upon the tent, and upon all the vessels, and upon the persons that were there, and upon
286,rit and belief of the truth: 
Whereunto he called you by our gospel, to the obtaining of the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Therefore, brethren, stand fast, and hold the traditions which ye have been taught, whether by word, or our epistle. 
Now our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and God
340,inhabitant. 
Egypt is like a very fair heifer, but destruction cometh; it cometh out of the north. 
Also her hired men are in the midst of her like fatted bullocks; for they also are turned back, and are fled away together: they did not stand, because the day of their calamity was come upon them, and the time of their visitation. 
The voi
294, the nether part of the mount. 
And mount Sinai was altogether on a smoke, because the LORD descended upon it in fire: and the smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mount quaked greatly. 
And when the voice of the trumpet sounded long, and waxed louder and louder, Mos
270,ds. 
Wherefore ye shall make images of your emerods, and images of your mice that mar the land; and ye shall give glory unto the God of Israel: peradventure he will lighten his hand from off you, and from off your gods, and from off your land. 
Wherefore then do ye hard
325,hy servant into a covenant of the LORD with thee: notwithstanding, if there be in me iniquity, slay me thyself; for why shouldest thou bring me to thy father? 
And Jonathan said, Far be it from thee: for if I knew certainly that evil were determined by my father to come upon thee, then would not I tell it thee? 
Then said D
272,because of the sword that I will send among them. 
Then took I the cup at the LORD's hand, and made all the nations to drink, unto whom the LORD had sent me: 
To wit, Jerusalem, and the cities of Judah, and the kings thereof, and the princes thereof, to make them a desola
354, that I may send thee away. And Saul arose, and they went out both of them, he and Samuel, abroad. 
And as they were going down to the end of the city, Samuel said to Saul, Bid the servant pass on before us, (and he passed on), but stand thou still a while, that I may shew thee the word of God. 
Then Samuel took a vial of oil, and poured it upon his he
252,, even the people of the God of Abraham: for the shields of the earth belong unto God: he is greatly exalted. 
Great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised in the city of our God, in the mountain of his holiness. 
Beautiful for situation, the joy of th
322,the gate of the inner court was over against the gate toward the north, and toward the east; and he measured from gate to gate an hundred cubits. 
After that he brought me toward the south, and behold a gate toward the south: and he measured the posts thereof and the arches thereof according to these measures. 
And there
340,e afraid of their revilings. 
For the moth shall eat them up like a garment, and the worm shall eat them like wool: but my righteousness shall be for ever, and my salvation from generation to generation. 
Awake, awake, put on strength, O arm of the LORD; awake, as in the ancient days, in the generations of old. Art thou not it that hath c
356,things; choose thee one of them, that I may do it unto thee. 
So Gad came to David, and told him, and said unto him, Shall seven years of famine come unto thee in thy land? or wilt thou flee three months before thine enemies, while they pursue thee? or that there be three days' pestilence in thy land? now advise, and see what answer I shall return to him
265,e disciples, Sit ye here, while I go and pray yonder. 
And he took with him Peter and the two sons of Zebedee, and began to be sorrowful and very heavy. 
Then saith he unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful, even unto death: tarry ye here, and watch with me. 
An
359,hy promise unto David my father be established: for thou hast made me king over a people like the dust of the earth in multitude. 
Give me now wisdom and knowledge, that I may go out and come in before this people: for who can judge this thy people, that is so great? 
And God said to Solomon, Because this was in thine heart, and thou hast not asked riches, 
265,er how great this man was, unto whom even the patriarch Abraham gave the tenth of the spoils. 
And verily they that are of the sons of Levi, who receive the office of the priesthood, have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law, that is, of 
359,engeance and recompence; their foot shall slide in due time: for the day of their calamity is at hand, and the things that shall come upon them make haste. 
For the LORD shall judge his people, and repent himself for his servants, when he seeth that their power is gone, and there is none shut up, or left. 
And he shall say, Where are their gods, their rock 
311,es, and bars; 
And Baalath, and all the store cities that Solomon had, and all the chariot cities, and the cities of the horsemen, and all that Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and throughout all the land of his dominion. 
As for all the people that were left of the Hittites, and the Amor
251,name. 
He shall call upon me, and I will answer him: I will be with him in trouble; I will deliver him, and honour him. 
With long life will I satisfy him, and shew him my salvation. 
IT IS A GOOD THING TO GIVE THANKS UNTO THE LORD, AND TO SING PRAISE
273,at they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth. 
For they that say such things declare plainly that they seek a country. 
And truly, if they had been mindful of that country from whence they came out, they might have had opportunity to have returned. 
But now they desire
314, was: and when they had broken it up, they let down the bed wherein the sick of the palsy lay. 
When Jesus saw their faith, he said unto the sick of the palsy, Son, thy sins be forgiven thee. 
But there was certain of the scribes sitting there, and reasoning in their hearts, 
Why doth this man thus speak blasphem
264,. 
But as then he that was born after the flesh persecuted him that was born after the Spirit, even so it is now. 
Nevertheless what saith the scripture? Cast out the bondwoman and her son: for the son of the bondwoman shall not be heir with the son of the freewom
251, of man, cause thy belly to eat, and fill thy bowels with this roll that I give thee. Then did I eat it; and it was in my mouth as honey for sweetness. 
And he said unto me, Son of man, go, get thee unto the house of Israel, and speak with my words un
305,swered her not a word. And his disciples came and besought him, saying, Send her away; for she crieth after us. 
But he answered and said, I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house of Israel. 
Then came she and worshipped him, saying, Lord, help me. 
But he answered and said, It is not meet to t
284,as the LORD thy God hath commanded thee. 
Six days thou shalt labour, and do all thy work: 
But the seventh day is the sabbath of the LORD thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, nor thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thine ox, nor thine 
280,the king to Hebron; and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before the LORD; and they anointed David king over Israel, according to the word of the LORD by Samuel. 
And David and all Israel went to Jerusalem, which is Jebus; where the Jebusites were, the inhabitants of the 
254,at he which persecuted us in times past now preacheth the faith which once he destroyed. 
And they glorified God in me. 
Then fourteen years after I went up again to Jerusalem with Barnabas, and took Titus with me also. 
And I went up by revelation, and 
257, thy walls, and their kings shall minister unto thee: for in my wrath I smote thee, but in my favour have I had mercy on thee. 
Therefore thy gates shall be open continually; they shall not be shut day nor night; that men may bring unto thee the forces of t
286, and so shall we ever be with the Lord. 
Wherefore comfort one another with these words. 
But of the times and the seasons, brethren, ye have no need that I write unto you. 
For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh as a thief in the night. 
For when they shall s
344,ng, 
Son of man, speak unto the elders of Israel, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Are ye come to enquire of me? As I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will not be enquired of by you. 
Wilt thou judge them, son of man, wilt thou judge them? cause them to know the abominations of their fathers: 
And say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD;
325, his eyes. 
Then again the Pharisees also asked him how he had received his sight. He said unto them, He put clay upon mine eyes, and I washed, and do see. 
Therefore said some of the Pharisees, This man is not of God, because he keepeth not the sabbath day. Others said, How can a man that is a sinner do such miracles? And 
356,LORD. 
So David stayed his servants with these words, and suffered them not to rise against Saul. But Saul rose up out of the cave, and went on his way. 
David also arose afterward, and went out of the cave, and cried after Saul, saying, My lord the king. And when Saul looked behind him, David stooped with his face to the earth, and bowed himself. 
And D
319,el: 
For I will shew him how great things he must suffer for my name's sake. 
And Ananias went his way, and entered into the house; and putting his hands on him said, Brother Saul, the Lord, even Jesus, that appeared unto thee in the way as thou camest, hath sent me, that thou mightest receive thy sight, and be filled
310, Hermon, and in Salcah, and in all Bashan, unto the border of the Geshurites and the Maachathites, and half Gilead, the border of Sihon king of Heshbon. 
Them did Moses the servant of the LORD and the children of Israel smite: and Moses the servant of the LORD gave it for a possession unto the Reubenites, and
298,he magicians of Egypt, they also did in like manner with their enchantments. 
For they cast down every man his rod, and they became serpents: but Aaron's rod swallowed up their rods. 
And he hardened Pharaoh's heart, that he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had said. 
And the LORD said unto Mo
274,ve unto the priest the first of your dough, that he may cause the blessing to rest in thine house. 
The priests shall not eat of any thing that is dead of itself, or torn, whether it be fowl or beast. 
Moreover, when ye shall divide by lot the land for inheritance, ye shall
348,g should be given her to eat. 
And he went out from thence, and came into his own country; and his disciples follow him. 
And when the sabbath day was come, he began to teach in the synagogue: and many hearing him were astonished, saying, From whence hath this man these things? and what wisdom is this which is given unto him, that even such might
351,lew; and we will destroy the heir also: and so they shall quench my coal which is left, and shall not leave to my husband neither name nor remainder upon the earth. 
And the king said unto the woman, Go to thine house, and I will give charge concerning thee. 
And the woman of Tekoah said unto the king, My lord, O king, the iniquity be on me, and on 
265,n thine ears, The place is too strait for me: give place to me that I may dwell. 
Then shalt thou say in thine heart, Who hath begotten me these, seeing I have lost my children, and am desolate, a captive, and removing to and fro? and who hath brought up these? Beh
305,five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Elishama the son of Ammihud. 
On the eighth day offered Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur, prince of the children of Manasseh: 
His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl o
283, thereof shall not be healed; they shall be given to salt. 
And by the river upon the bank thereof, on this side and on that side, shall grow all trees for meat, whose leaf shall not fade, neither shall the fruit thereof be consumed: it shall bring forth new fruit according to his m
256,e land of Israel. 
But when he heard that Archelaus did reign in Judaea in the room of his father Herod, he was afraid to go thither: notwithstanding, being warned of God in a dream, he turned aside into the parts of Galilee: 
And he came and dwelt in a ci
275,f. And they dwelt from Beersheba unto the valley of Hinnom. 
The children also of Benjamin from Geba dwelt at Michmash, and Aija, and Bethel, and in their villages. 
And at Anathoth, Nob, Ananiah, 
Hazor, Ramah, Gittaim, 
Hadid, Zeboim, Neballat, 
Lod, and Ono, the valley of
337,e chief priests; and when they were put to death, I gave my voice against them. 
And I punished them oft in every synagogue, and compelled them to blaspheme; and being exceedingly mad against them, I persecuted them even unto strange cities. 
Whereupon as I went to Damascus with authority and commission from the chief priests, 
At midd
315, Helon shall be captain of the children of Zebulun. 
And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were fifty and seven thousand and four hundred. 
All that were numbered in the camp of Judah were an hundred thousand and fourscore thousand and six thousand and four hundred, throughout their armies. These sha
275, tablets, all jewels of gold: and every man that offered offered an offering of gold unto the LORD. 
And every man, with whom was found blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen, and goats' hair, and red skins of rams, and badgers' skins, brought them. 
Every one that di
270, Zimri reign seven days in Tirzah. And the people were encamped against Gibbethon, which belonged to the Philistines. 
And the people that were encamped heard say, Zimri hath conspired, and hath also slain the king: wherefore all Israel made Omri, the captain of the hos
304,ch as they can carry, and put every man's money in his sack's mouth. 
And put my cup, the silver cup, in the sack's mouth of the youngest, and his corn money. And he did according to the word that Joseph had spoken. 
As soon as the morning was light, the men were sent away, they and their asses. 
And wh
278,s upon Judah and Jerusalem, and he hath delivered them to trouble, to astonishment, and to hissing, as ye see with your eyes. 
For, lo, our fathers have fallen by the sword, and our sons and our daughters and our wives are in captivity for this. 
Now it is in mine heart to make
319,r I will endeavour that ye may be able after my decease to have these things always in remembrance. 
For we have not followed cunningly devised fables, when we made known unto you the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but were eyewitnesses of his majesty. 
For he received from God the Father honour and glory,
298, born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord. 
And this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger. 
And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, and saying, 
Glory to God in th
289, he bade me, and he put all these words in the mouth of thine handmaid: 
To fetch about this form of speech hath thy servant Joab done this thing: and my lord is wise, according to the wisdom of an angel of God, to know all things that are in the earth. 
And the king said unto Joab, Behol
353,is leaves, and scatter his fruit: let the beasts get away from under it, and the fowls from his branches: 
Nevertheless leave the stump of his roots in the earth, even with a band of iron and brass, in the tender grass of the field; and let it be wet with the dew of heaven, and let his portion be with the beasts in the grass of the earth: 
Let his hea
315,And he put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will: be thou clean. And immediately the leprosy departed from him. 
And he charged him to tell no man: but go, and shew thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing, according as Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them. 
But so much the more went ther
245, sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Arise, and take up thy bed, and walk? 
But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins, (he saith to the sick of the palsy,) 
I say unto thee, Arise, and take up thy bed, and go thy
268,n inheritance. 
Thou shalt not see thy brother's ox or his sheep go astray, and hide thyself from them: thou shalt in any case bring them again unto thy brother. 
And if thy brother be not nigh unto thee, or if thou know him not, then thou shalt bring it unto thine ow
275,ven, the shepherds said one to another, Let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and see this thing which is come to pass, which the Lord hath made known unto us. 
And they came with haste, and found Mary, and Joseph, and the babe lying in a manger. 
And when they had seen it, the
286, but to the righteous good shall be repayed. 
A good man leaveth an inheritance to his children's children: and the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just. 
Much food is in the tillage of the poor: but there is that is destroyed for want of judgment. 
He that spareth his rod hate
317, any more, saith the Lord GOD. 
Neither will I cause men to hear in thee the shame of the heathen any more, neither shalt thou bear the reproach of the people any more, neither shalt thou cause thy nations to fall any more, saith the Lord GOD. 
Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, when th
332,stance was great, so that they could not dwell together. 
And there was a strife between the herdmen of Abram's cattle and the herdmen of Lot's cattle: and the Canaanite and the Perizzite dwelled then in the land. 
And Abram said unto Lot, Let there be no strife, I pray thee, between me and thee, and between my herdmen and thy her
284,te the land of Assyria with the sword, and the land of Nimrod in the entrances thereof: thus shall he deliver us from the Assyrian, when he cometh into our land, and when he treadeth within our borders. 
And the remnant of Jacob shall be in the midst of many people as a dew from the 
252,es fast not? 
And Jesus said unto them, Can the children of the bridechamber fast, while the bridegroom is with them? as long as they have the bridegroom with them, they cannot fast. 
But the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken away from
308,, until he find it? 
And when he hath found it, he layeth it on his shoulders, rejoicing. 
And when he cometh home, he calleth together his friends and neighbours, saying unto them, Rejoice with me; for I have found my sheep which was lost. 
I say unto you, that likewise joy shall be in heaven over one sinn
303,e the righteous and the wicked. 
Seeing then that I will cut off from thee the righteous and the wicked, therefore shall my sword go forth out of his sheath against all flesh from the south to the north: 
That all flesh may know that I the LORD have drawn forth my sword out of his sheath: it shall not 
271,ide me; he shall set me up upon a rock. 
And now shall mine head be lifted up above mine enemies round about me: therefore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of joy; I will sing, yea, I will sing praises unto the LORD. 
Hear, O LORD, when I cry with my voice: have
263,I shall lay my vengeance upon them. 
And it came to pass in the eleventh year, in the first day of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, because that Tyrus hath said against Jerusalem, Aha, she is broken that was the gates of the
346,sians. 
Then commanded Belshazzar, and they clothed Daniel with scarlet, and put a chain of gold about his neck, and made a proclamation concerning him, that he should be the third ruler in the kingdom. 
In that night was Belshazzar the king of the Chaldeans slain. 
And Darius the Median took the kingdom, being about threescore and two years ol
284,e written against Babylon. 
And Jeremiah said to Seraiah, When thou comest to Babylon, and shalt see, and shalt read all these words; 
Then shalt thou say, O LORD, thou hast spoken against this place, to cut it off, that none shall remain in it, neither man nor beast, but that it sha
294,the fire had no power, nor was an hair of their head singed, neither were their coats changed, nor the smell of fire had passed on them. 
Then Nebuchadnezzar spake, and said, Blessed be the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, who hath sent his angel, and delivered his servants that trusted
267, comest into thy kingdom. 
And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in paradise. 
And it was about the sixth hour, and there was a darkness over all the earth until the ninth hour. 
And the sun was darkened, and the veil of the te
321,s, and worship them; 
And then the LORD's wrath be kindled against you, and he shut up the heaven, that there be no rain, and that the land yield not her fruit; and lest ye perish quickly from off the good land which the LORD giveth you. 
Therefore shall ye lay up these my words in your heart and in your soul, and bind 
289,light to him and to his sons for ever. 
In his days the Edomites revolted from under the dominion of Judah, and made themselves a king. 
Then Jehoram went forth with his princes, and all his chariots with him: and he rose up by night, and smote the Edomites which compassed him in, and the
340, the weight of the nails was fifty shekels of gold. And he overlaid the upper chambers with gold. 
And in the most holy house he made two cherubims of image work, and overlaid them with gold. 
And the wings of the cherubims were twenty cubits long: one wing of the one cherub was five cubits, reaching to the wall of the house: and the othe
278, them be overthrown before thee; deal thus with them in the time of thine anger. 
Thus saith the LORD, Go and get a potter's earthen bottle, and take of the ancients of the people, and of the ancients of the priests; 
And go forth unto the valley of the son of Hinnom, which is 
299,take away: 
And the priest shall burn them upon the altar for an offering made by fire unto the LORD: it is a trespass offering. 
Every male among the priests shall eat thereof: it shall be eaten in the holy place: it is most holy. 
As the sin offering is, so is the trespass offering: there is one 
269,
Now the sons of Eli were sons of Belial; they knew not the LORD. 
And the priest's custom with the people was, that, when any man offered sacrifice, the priest's servant came, while the flesh was in seething, with a fleshhook of three teeth in his hand; 
And he struck
287, take away all the fat thereof, as the fat of the lamb is taken away from the sacrifice of the peace offerings; and the priest shall burn them upon the altar, according to the offerings made by fire unto the LORD: and the priest shall make an atonement for his sin that he hath committed
359, them princes to look to, after the manner of the Babylonians of Chaldea, the land of their nativity: 
And as soon as she saw them with her eyes, she doted upon them, and sent messengers unto them into Chaldea. 
And the Babylonians came to her into the bed of love, and they defiled her with their whoredom, and she was polluted with them, and her mind was al
329, and that the kingdom of Israel shall be established in thine hand. 
Swear now therefore unto me by the LORD, that thou wilt not cut off my seed after me, and that thou wilt not destroy my name out of my father's house. 
And David sware unto Saul. And Saul went home; but David and his men gat them up unto the hold. 
And Samuel 
281,outh. 
Surely the churning of milk bringeth forth butter, and the wringing of the nose bringeth forth blood: so the forcing of wrath bringeth forth strife. 
The words of king Lemuel, the prophecy that his mother taught him. 
What, my son? and what, the son of my womb? and what, th
263,day, as the king bade, saying, Come again to me on the third day. 
And the king answered them roughly; and king Rehoboam forsook the counsel of the old men, 
And answered them after the advice of the young men, saying, My father made your yoke heavy, but I will a
359,n the waters beneath the earth: 
And lest thou lift up thine eyes unto heaven, and when thou seest the sun, and the moon, and the stars, even all the host of heaven, shouldest be driven to worship them, and serve them, which the LORD thy God hath divided unto all nations under the whole heaven. 
But the LORD hath taken you, and brought you forth out of the 
350,wn to the king of Israel. 
And the king of Israel said unto his servants, Know ye that Ramoth in Gilead is ours, and we be still, and take it not out of the hand of the king of Syria? 
And he said unto Jehoshaphat, Wilt thou go with me to battle to Ramothgilead? And Jehoshaphat said to the king of Israel, I am as thou art, my people as thy people, 
258,id unto him, Do all that is in thine heart: turn thee; behold, I am with thee according to thy heart. 
Then said Jonathan, Behold, we will pass over unto these men, and we will discover ourselves unto them. 
If they say thus unto us, Tarry until we come to y
344,Elzaphan, and Zithri. 
And Aaron took him Elisheba, daughter of Amminadab, sister of Naashon, to wife; and she bare him Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar. 
And the sons of Korah; Assir, and Elkanah, and Abiasaph: these are the families of the Korhites. 
And Eleazar Aaron's son took him one of the daughters of Putiel to wife; and she bare
252, such like: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. 
But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, 
Meekne
281,n cometh also contempt, and with ignominy reproach. 
The words of a man's mouth are as deep waters, and the wellspring of wisdom as a flowing brook. 
It is not good to accept the person of the wicked, to overthrow the righteous in judgment. 
A fool's lips enter into contention, an
240,e tasted of the heavenly gift, and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost, 
And have tasted the good word of God, and the powers of the world to come, 
If they shall fall away, to renew them again unto repentance; seeing they crucify to them
248,ht to put him to death: but when Urijah heard it, he was afraid, and fled, and went into Egypt; 
And Jehoiakim the king sent men into Egypt, namely, Elnathan the son of Achbor, and certain men with him into Egypt. 
And they fetched forth Urijah out
289,ng great, toward the south, and toward the east, and toward the pleasant land. 
And it waxed great, even to the host of heaven; and it cast down some of the host and of the stars to the ground, and stamped upon them. 
Yea, he magnified himself even to the prince of the host, and by him th
319,eachers, ye have need that one teach you again which be the first principles of the oracles of God; and are become such as have need of milk, and not of strong meat. 
For every one that useth milk is unskilful in the word of righteousness: for he is a babe. 
But strong meat belongeth to them that are of full age, even
352, his good promise, which he promised by the hand of Moses his servant. 
The LORD our God be with us, as he was with our fathers: let him not leave us, nor forsake us: 
That he may incline our hearts unto him, to walk in all his ways, and to keep his commandments, and his statutes, and his judgments, which he commanded our fathers. 
And let these my w
300, be search made in the king's treasure house, which is there at Babylon, whether it be so, that a decree was made of Cyrus the king to build this house of God at Jerusalem, and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter. 
Then Darius the king made a decree, and search was made in th
301,g, 
Is not the LORD your God with you? and hath he not given you rest on every side? for he hath given the inhabitants of the land into mine hand; and the land is subdued before the LORD, and before his people. 
Now set your heart and your soul to seek the LORD your God; arise therefore, and build ye
322,e LORD is at hand, and as a destruction from the Almighty shall it come. 
Is not the meat cut off before our eyes, yea, joy and gladness from the house of our God? 
The seed is rotten under their clods, the garners are laid desolate, the barns are broken down; for the corn is withered. 
How do the beasts groan! the herds
299,t thee round about, and will lay siege against thee with a mount, and I will raise forts against thee. 
And thou shalt be brought down, and shalt speak out of the ground, and thy speech shall be low out of the dust, and thy voice shall be, as of one that hath a familiar spirit, out of the ground, a
348, expelled them out of their coasts. 
But they shook off the dust of their feet against them, and came unto Iconium. 
And the disciples were filled with joy, and with the Holy Ghost. 
And it came to pass in Iconium, that they went both together into the synagogue of the Jews, and so spake, that a great multitude both of the Jews and also of the Gr
296, and saw my works forty years. 
Wherefore I was grieved with that generation, and said, They do alway err in their heart; and they have not known my ways. 
So I sware in my wrath, They shall not enter into my rest.) 
Take heed, brethren, lest there be in any of you an evil heart of unbelief, in 
250,ho seemed to be pillars, perceived the grace that was given unto me, they gave to me and Barnabas the right hands of fellowship; that we should go unto the heathen, and they unto the circumcision. 
Only they would that we should remember the poor; th
259,honey for sweetness. 
And he said unto me, Son of man, go, get thee unto the house of Israel, and speak with my words unto them. 
For thou art not sent to a people of a strange speech and of an hard language, but to the house of Israel; 
Not to many people of
331, unto me, My God, we know thee. 
Israel hath cast off the thing that is good: the enemy shall pursue him. 
They have set up kings, but not by me: they have made princes, and I knew it not: of their silver and their gold have they made them idols, that they may be cut off. 
Thy calf, O Samaria, hath cast thee off; mine anger is ki
359,ity, and continue there a year, and buy and sell, and get gain: 
Whereas ye know not what shall be on the morrow. For what is your life? It is even a vapour, that appeareth for a little time, and then vanisheth away. 
For that ye ought to say, If the Lord will, we shall live, and do this, or that. 
But now ye rejoice in your boastings: all such rejoicing is
274,thlehem, that was by the gate, and took it, and brought it to David: nevertheless he would not drink thereof, but poured it out unto the LORD. 
And he said, Be it far from me, O LORD, that I should do this: is not this the blood of the men that went in jeopardy of their liv
334,m which are my flesh, and might save some of them. 
For if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall the receiving of them be, but life from the dead? 
For if the firstfruit be holy, the lump is also holy: and if the root be holy, so are the branches. 
And if some of the branches be broken off, and thou, b
339, and thee, and see, and plead my cause, and deliver me out of thine hand. 
And it came to pass, when David had made an end of speaking these words unto Saul, that Saul said, Is this thy voice, my son David? And Saul lifted up his voice, and wept. 
And he said to David, Thou art more righteous than I: for thou hast rewarded me good, where
291,daughters, are many: therefore we take up corn for them, that we may eat, and live. 
Some also there were that said, We have mortgaged our lands, vineyards, and houses, that we might buy corn, because of the dearth. 
There were also that said, We have borrowed money for the king's tribute, 
250,u answer them, Like as ye have forsaken me, and served strange gods in your land, so shall ye serve strangers in a land that is not your's. 
Declare this in the house of Jacob, and publish it in Judah, saying, 
Hear now this, O foolish people, and wi
333,is sheath? I will judge thee in the place where thou wast created, in the land of thy nativity. 
And I will pour out mine indignation upon thee, I will blow against thee in the fire of my wrath, and deliver thee into the hand of brutish men, and skilful to destroy. 
Thou shalt be for fuel to the fire; thy blood shall be in the mids
303,ble unto thy land: thou hast brought back the captivity of Jacob. 
Thou hast forgiven the iniquity of thy people, thou hast covered all their sin. Selah. 
Thou hast taken away all thy wrath: thou hast turned thyself from the fierceness of thine anger. 
Turn us, O God of our salvation, and cause thine a
279,ot as other men are, extortioners, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican. 
I fast twice in the week, I give tithes of all that I possess. 
And the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up so much as his eyes unto heaven, but smote upon his breast, saying, God be mer
286,ubits broad on the other side, which was the breadth of the tabernacle. 
And the breadth of the door was ten cubits; and the sides of the door were five cubits on the one side, and five cubits on the other side: and he measured the length thereof, forty cubits: and the breadth, twenty 
312, atonement for him. 
And he shall kill the bullock before the LORD: and the priests, Aaron's sons, shall bring the blood, and sprinkle the blood round about upon the altar that is by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And he shall flay the burnt offering, and cut it into his pieces. 
And the sons 
275,th any thing near unto the tabernacle of the LORD shall die: shall we be consumed with dying? 
And the LORD said unto Aaron, Thou and thy sons and thy father's house with thee shall bear the iniquity of the sanctuary: and thou and thy sons with thee shall bear the iniquity o
250,e, and they shall say, What man is there that is fearful and fainthearted? let him go and return unto his house, lest his brethren's heart faint as well as his heart. 
And it shall be, when the officers have made an end of speaking unto the people th
352, of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, prophesy against the prophets of Israel that prophesy, and say thou unto them that prophesy out of their own hearts, Hear ye the word of the LORD; 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe unto the foolish prophets, that follow their own spirit, and have seen nothing! 
O Israel, thy prophets are like the foxes in t
341,f his hire. Go not from house to house. 
And into whatsoever city ye enter, and they receive you, eat such things as are set before you: 
And heal the sick that are therein, and say unto them, The kingdom of God is come nigh unto you. 
But into whatsoever city ye enter, and they receive you not, go your ways out into the streets of the sam
273,But I say unto you, that it shall be more tolerable in that day for Sodom, than for that city. 
Woe unto thee, Chorazin! woe unto thee, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works had been done in Tyre and Sidon, which have been done in you, they had a great while ago repented, sit
274,ee, and prosper thy way; and thou shalt take a wife for my son of my kindred, and of my father's house: 
Then shalt thou be clear from this my oath, when thou comest to my kindred; and if they give not thee one, thou shalt be clear from my oath. 
And I came this day unto th
279,e a covenant with me by sacrifice. 
And the heavens shall declare his righteousness: for God is judge himself. Selah. 
Hear, O my people, and I will speak; O Israel, and I will testify against thee: I am God, even thy God. 
I will not reprove thee for thy sacrifices or thy burnt
291,mouth. 
Once have I spoken; but I will not answer: yea, twice; but I will proceed no further. 
Then answered the LORD unto Job out of the whirlwind, and said, 
Gird up thy loins now like a man: I will demand of thee, and declare thou unto me. 
Wilt thou also disannul my judgment? wilt thou 
300,tion he made known unto me the mystery; (as I wrote afore in few words, 
Whereby, when ye read, ye may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ) 
Which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit; 
That the Ge
346,ith a bowl upon the top of it, and his seven lamps thereon, and seven pipes to the seven lamps, which are upon the top thereof: 
And two olive trees by it, one upon the right side of the bowl, and the other upon the left side thereof. 
So I answered and spake to the angel that talked with me, saying, What are these, my lord? 
Then the angel tha
295,re for man, nor any hire for beast; neither was there any peace to him that went out or came in because of the affliction: for I set all men every one against his neighbour. 
But now I will not be unto the residue of this people as in the former days, saith the LORD of hosts. 
For the seed shal
352,m the utter court. 
The chambers were in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east, over against the separate place, and over against the building. 
And the way before them was like the appearance of the chambers which were toward the north, as long as they, and as broad as they: and all their goings out were both according to their fash
293,enty and two cities with their villages. 
This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Asher according to their families, these cities with their villages. 
The sixth lot came out to the children of Naphtali, even for the children of Naphtali according to their families. 
And their
324, other gods, of the gods of the people that were round about them, and bowed themselves unto them, and provoked the LORD to anger. 
And they forsook the LORD, and served Baal and Ashtaroth. 
And the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel, and he delivered them into the hands of spoilers that spoiled them, and he sold the
248,wife, even as Christ is the head of the church: and he is the saviour of the body. 
Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in every thing. 
Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the 
252,rath: for thou hast lifted me up, and cast me down. 
My days are like a shadow that declineth; and I am withered like grass. 
But thou, O LORD, shall endure for ever; and thy remembrance unto all generations. 
Thou shalt arise, and have mercy upon Zion
313,r heart, The LORD will not do good, neither will he do evil. 
Therefore their goods shall become a booty, and their houses a desolation: they shall also build houses, but not inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, but not drink the wine thereof. 
The great day of the LORD is near, it is near, and hasteth 
270,understand with their heart, and convert, and be healed. 
Then said I, Lord, how long? And he answered, Until the cities be wasted without inhabitant, and the houses without man, and the land be utterly desolate, 
And the LORD have removed men far away, and there be a g
263,the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe. 
For the Jews require a sign, and the Greeks seek after wisdom: 
But we preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a stumblingblock, and unto
327, 
Take counsel together, and it shall come to nought; speak the word, and it shall not stand: for God is with us. 
For the LORD spake thus to me with a strong hand, and instructed me that I should not walk in the way of this people, saying, 
Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say, A confederacy; 
259,h are not seen: for the things which are seen are temporal; but the things which are not seen are eternal. 
For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of God, an house not made with hands, eternal in the heaven
275,rrison of the Philistines: and the Philistines said, Behold, the Hebrews come forth out of the holes where they had hid themselves. 
And the men of the garrison answered Jonathan and his armourbearer, and said, Come up to us, and we will shew you a thing. And Jonathan said u
248,uel, Samuel. Then Samuel answered, Speak; for thy servant heareth. 
And the LORD said to Samuel, Behold, I will do a thing in Israel, at which both the ears of every one that heareth it shall tingle. 
In that day I will perform against Eli all thin
348,en. 
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timothy our brother, unto the church of God which is at Corinth, with all the saints which are in all Achaia: 
Grace be to you and peace from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ. 
Blessed be God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies, and the God of
339,f my father he liked me to make me king over all Israel: 
And of all my sons, (for the LORD hath given me many sons,) he hath chosen Solomon my son to sit upon the throne of the kingdom of the LORD over Israel. 
And he said unto me, Solomon thy son, he shall build my house and my courts: for I have chosen him to be my son, and I will be 
351,f Babylon, there we sat down, yea, we wept, when we remembered Zion. 
We hanged our harps upon the willows in the midst thereof. 
For there they that carried us away captive required of us a song; and they that wasted us required of us mirth, saying, Sing us one of the songs of Zion. 
How shall we sing the LORD's song in a strange land? 
If I forget
263, the people because of him. 
And some of them would have taken him; but no man laid hands on him. 
Then came the officers to the chief priests and Pharisees; and they said unto them, Why have ye not brought him? 
The officers answered, Never man spake like this m
301,nder the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest. 
And Moses and Aaron and the chief of the congregation numbered the sons of the Kohathites after their families, and after the house of their fathers, 
From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that entereth into the se
253,n the entrances thereof: thus shall he deliver us from the Assyrian, when he cometh into our land, and when he treadeth within our borders. 
And the remnant of Jacob shall be in the midst of many people as a dew from the LORD, as the showers upon the gr
295,he first day. 
And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters. 
And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so. 
And God called the f
331,ame JEHOVAH was I not known to them. 
And I have also established my covenant with them, to give them the land of Canaan, the land of their pilgrimage, wherein they were strangers. 
And I have also heard the groaning of the children of Israel, whom the Egyptians keep in bondage; and I have remembered my covenant. 
Wherefore say u
336, beside the shepherds' tents. 
I have compared thee, O my love, to a company of horses in Pharaoh's chariots. 
Thy cheeks are comely with rows of jewels, thy neck with chains of gold. 
We will make thee borders of gold with studs of silver. 
While the king sitteth at his table, my spikenard sendeth forth the smell thereof. 
A bundle o
301,ecause God hath from the beginning chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the Spirit and belief of the truth: 
Whereunto he called you by our gospel, to the obtaining of the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Therefore, brethren, stand fast, and hold the traditions which ye have been taught,
258,resurrection is past already; and overthrow the faith of some. 
Nevertheless the foundation of God standeth sure, having this seal, The Lord knoweth them that are his. And, let every one that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity. 
But in a great ho
255,he children of the east: for there fell an hundred and twenty thousand men that drew sword. 
And Gideon went up by the way of them that dwelt in tents on the east of Nobah and Jogbehah, and smote the host; for the host was secure. 
And when Zebah and Zalm
292,d had twelve gates, and at the gates twelve angels, and names written thereon, which are the names of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel: 
On the east three gates; on the north three gates; on the south three gates; and on the west three gates. 
And the wall of the city had twelve f
347, Moladah, 
And Hazarshual, and Balah, and Azem, 
And Eltolad, and Bethul, and Hormah, 
And Ziklag, and Bethmarcaboth, and Hazarsusah, 
And Bethlebaoth, and Sharuhen; thirteen cities and their villages: 
Ain, Remmon, and Ether, and Ashan; four cities and their villages: 
And all the villages that were round about these cities to Baalathbeer, Rama
274,ntain good works. These things are good and profitable unto men. 
But avoid foolish questions, and genealogies, and contentions, and strivings about the law; for they are unprofitable and vain. 
A man that is an heretick after the first and second admonition reject; 
Knowin
323,all the strangers that were in the land of Israel, after the numbering wherewith David his father had numbered them; and they were found an hundred and fifty thousand and three thousand and six hundred. 
And he set threescore and ten thousand of them to be bearers of burdens, and fourscore thousand to be hewers in the mou
275,e exceedingly, and are glad, when they can find the grave? 
Why is light given to a man whose way is hid, and whom God hath hedged in? 
For my sighing cometh before I eat, and my roarings are poured out like the waters. 
For the thing which I greatly feared is come upon me, 
327,my lord, give her the living child, and in no wise slay it. But the other said, Let it be neither mine nor thine, but divide it. 
Then the king answered and said, Give her the living child, and in no wise slay it: she is the mother thereof. 
And all Israel heard of the judgment which the king had judged; and they feared the k
244, I will make thee a terror to thyself, and to all thy friends: and they shall fall by the sword of their enemies, and thine eyes shall behold it: and I will give all Judah into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall carry them captive in
248,way. 
There is no wisdom nor understanding nor counsel against the LORD. 
The horse is prepared against the day of battle: but safety is of the LORD. 
A GOOD name is rather to be chosen than great riches, and loving favour rather than silver and go
306,to lie down at the end of the heap of corn: and she came softly, and uncovered his feet, and laid her down. 
And it came to pass at midnight, that the man was afraid, and turned himself: and, behold, a woman lay at his feet. 
And he said, Who art thou? And she answered, I am Ruth thine handmaid: spread th
272,. 
Whatsoever parteth the hoof, and is clovenfooted, and cheweth the cud, among the beasts, that shall ye eat. 
Nevertheless these shall ye not eat of them that chew the cud, or of them that divide the hoof: as the camel, because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the h
282,t turneth after such as have familiar spirits, and after wizards, to go a whoring after them, I will even set my face against that soul, and will cut him off from among his people. 
Sanctify yourselves therefore, and be ye holy: for I am the LORD your God. 
And ye shall keep my sta
249, for a sacrifice of peace offerings unto the LORD, with the basket of unleavened bread: the priest shall offer also his meat offering, and his drink offering. 
And the Nazarite shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the tabernacle of 
317,that serve the city. 
And they that serve the city shall serve it out of all the tribes of Israel. 
All the oblation shall be five and twenty thousand by five and twenty thousand: ye shall offer the holy oblation foursquare, with the possession of the city. 
And the residue shall be for the prince, on the one side a
293,e gold. 
Therefore I esteem all thy precepts concerning all things to be right; and I hate every false way. 
Thy testimonies are wonderful: therefore doth my soul keep them. 
The entrance of thy words giveth light; it giveth understanding unto the simple. 
I opened my mouth, and panted: for I
306, was like the fiery flame, and his wheels as burning fire. 
A fiery stream issued and came forth from before him: thousand thousands ministered unto him, and ten thousand times ten thousand stood before him: the judgment was set, and the books were opened. 
I beheld then because of the voice of the great 
352, powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. 
Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand. 
Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness; 
And your 
284,thy bosom, and gave thee the house of Israel and of Judah; and if that had been too little, I would moreover have given unto thee such and such things. 
Wherefore hast thou despised the commandment of the LORD, to do evil in his sight? thou hast killed Uriah the Hittite with the swor
355, of Jeduthun and Hosah to be porters: 
And Zadok the priest, and his brethren the priests, before the tabernacle of the LORD in the high place that was at Gibeon, 
To offer burnt offerings unto the LORD upon the altar of the burnt offering continually morning and evening, and to do according to all that is written in the law of the LORD, which he comman
273,he sons of my people give I it thee: bury thy dead. 
And Abraham bowed down himself before the people of the land. 
And he spake unto Ephron in the audience of the people of the land, saying, But if thou wilt give it, I pray thee, hear me: I will give thee money for the fi
281,
Hatred stirreth up strifes: but love covereth all sins. 
In the lips of him that hath understanding wisdom is found: but a rod is for the back of him that is void of understanding. 
Wise men lay up knowledge: but the mouth of the foolish is near destruction. 
The rich man's wealt
320,gs on the sabbath day. 
But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work. 
Therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him, because he not only had broken the sabbath, but said also that God was his Father, making himself equal with God. 
Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto 
245,ly destroy those wicked men, and will let out his vineyard unto other husbandmen, which shall render him the fruits in their seasons. 
Jesus saith unto them, Did ye never read in the scriptures, The stone which the builders rejected, the same is
357,ts the sons of Aaron to offer them on the altar of the LORD. 
So they killed the bullocks, and the priests received the blood, and sprinkled it on the altar: likewise, when they had killed the rams, they sprinkled the blood upon the altar: they killed also the lambs, and they sprinkled the blood upon the altar. 
And they brought forth the he goats for the
241,heritage of the servants of the LORD, and their righteousness is of me, saith the LORD. 
Ho, every one that thirsteth, come ye to the waters, and he that hath no money; come ye, buy, and eat; yea, come, buy wine and milk without money and wi
274,salem? 
Therefore I will make Samaria as an heap of the field, and as plantings of a vineyard: and I will pour down the stones thereof into the valley, and I will discover the foundations thereof. 
And all the graven images thereof shall be beaten to pieces, and all the hir
335,me to Nabal; and, behold, he held a feast in his house, like the feast of a king; and Nabal's heart was merry within him, for he was very drunken: wherefore she told him nothing, less or more, until the morning light. 
But it came to pass in the morning, when the wine was gone out of Nabal, and his wife had told him these things, tha
338,, and burst the bonds. 
Wherefore a lion out of the forest shall slay them, and a wolf of the evenings shall spoil them, a leopard shall watch over their cities: every one that goeth out thence shall be torn in pieces: because their transgressions are many, and their backslidings are increased. 
How shall I pardon thee for this? thy chi
275,dgment and knowledge: for I have believed thy commandments. 
Before I was afflicted I went astray: but now have I kept thy word. 
Thou art good, and doest good; teach me thy statutes. 
The proud have forged a lie against me: but I will keep thy precepts with my whole heart. 
325,l, abroad. 
And as they were going down to the end of the city, Samuel said to Saul, Bid the servant pass on before us, (and he passed on), but stand thou still a while, that I may shew thee the word of God. 
Then Samuel took a vial of oil, and poured it upon his head, and kissed him, and said, Is it not because the LORD ha
331,dred and twenty: 
Of the sons of Gershom; Joel the chief and his brethren an hundred and thirty: 
Of the sons of Elizaphan; Shemaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred: 
Of the sons of Hebron; Eliel the chief, and his brethren fourscore: 
Of the sons of Uzziel; Amminadab the chief, and his brethren an hundred and twelve. 
An
307,mine enemies, and, behold, thou hast blessed them altogether. 
And he answered and said, Must I not take heed to speak that which the LORD hath put in my mouth? 
And Balak said unto him, Come, I pray thee, with me unto another place, from whence thou mayest see them: thou shalt see but the utmost part of t
298, mercy seat. 
And make one cherub on the one end, and the other cherub on the other end: even of the mercy seat shall ye make the cherubims on the two ends thereof. 
And the cherubims shall stretch forth their wings on high, covering the mercy seat with their wings, and their faces shall look one 
240,ing it, then ye shall remove from your place, and go after it. 
Yet there shall be a space between you and it, about two thousand cubits by measure: come not near unto it, that ye may know the way by which ye must go: for ye have not passed
249,y of Job, when he prayed for his friends: also the LORD gave Job twice as much as he had before. 
Then came there unto him all his brethren, and all his sisters, and all they that had been of his acquaintance before, and did eat bread with him in hi
342,n in the days of my vanity: there is a just man that perisheth in his righteousness, and there is a wicked man that prolongeth his life in his wickedness. 
Be not righteous over much; neither make thyself over wise: why shouldest thou destroy thyself ? 
Be not over much wicked, neither be thou foolish: why shouldest thou die before thy time
284,h, and in the morning ye shall be filled with bread; and ye shall know that I am the LORD your God. 
And it came to pass, that at even the quails came up, and covered the camp: and in the morning the dew lay round about the host. 
And when the dew that lay was gone up, behold, upon t
328,nto joy, sing together, ye waste places of Jerusalem: for the LORD hath comforted his people, he hath redeemed Jerusalem. 
The LORD hath made bare his holy arm in the eyes of all the nations; and all the ends of the earth shall see the salvation of our God. 
Depart ye, depart ye, go ye out from thence, touch no unclean thing; 
326, to thy words. 
Then Jephthah went with the elders of Gilead, and the people made him head and captain over them: and Jephthah uttered all his words before the LORD in Mizpeh. 
And Jephthah sent messengers unto the king of the children of Ammon, saying, What hast thou to do with me, that thou art come against me to fight in 
302, beyond their power they were willing of themselves; 
Praying us with much intreaty that we would receive the gift, and take upon us the fellowship of the ministering to the saints. 
And this they did, not as we hoped, but first gave their own selves to the Lord, and unto us by the will of God. 
Insom
329,w them not among their brethren. 
Now the pit wherein Ishmael had cast all the dead bodies of the men, whom he had slain because of Gedaliah, was it which Asa the king had made for fear of Baasha king of Israel: and Ishmael the son of Nethaniah filled it with them that were slain. 
Then Ishmael carried away captive all the resi
271,ise their children, neither to walk after the customs. 
What is it therefore? the multitude must needs come together: for they will hear that thou art come. 
Do therefore this that we say to thee: We have four men which have a vow on them; 
Them take, and purify thyself 
322,of him that hath an evil eye, neither desire thou his dainty meats: 
For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he: Eat and drink, saith he to thee; but his heart is not with thee. 
The morsel which thou hast eaten shalt thou vomit up, and lose thy sweet words. 
Speak not in the ears of a fool: for he will despise the wisdom
348,all be the vision. 
Now as he was speaking with me, I was in a deep sleep on my face toward the ground: but he touched me, and set me upright. 
And he said, Behold, I will make thee know what shall be in the last end of the indignation: for at the time appointed the end shall be. 
The ram which thou sawest having two horns are the kings of Media 
334,yard, be defiled. 
Thou shalt not plow with an ox and an ass together. 
Thou shalt not wear a garment of divers sorts, as of woollen and linen together. 
Thou shalt make thee fringes upon the four quarters of thy vesture, wherewith thou coverest thyself. 
If any man take a wife, and go in unto her, and hate her, 
And give occasions 
356,seed: and as he sowed, some fell by the way side; and it was trodden down, and the fowls of the air devoured it. 
And some fell upon a rock; and as soon as it was sprung up, it withered away, because it lacked moisture. 
And some fell among thorns; and the thorns sprang up with it, and choked it. 
And other fell on good ground, and sprang up, and bare fr
284,d my servant's sake, and for Jerusalem's sake which I have chosen. 
And the LORD stirred up an adversary unto Solomon, Hadad the Edomite: he was of the king's seed in Edom. 
For it came to pass, when David was in Edom, and Joab the captain of the host was gone up to bury the slain, a
297,p; thou hast enlarged thy bed, and made thee a covenant with them; thou lovedst their bed where thou sawest it. 
And thou wentest to the king with ointment, and didst increase thy perfumes, and didst send thy messengers far off, and didst debase thyself even unto hell. 
Thou art wearied in the gr
354,e your face, so shall ye perish; because ye would not be obedient unto the voice of the LORD your God. 
Hear, O Israel: Thou art to pass over Jordan this day, to go in to possess nations greater and mightier than thyself, cities great and fenced up to heaven, 
A people great and tall, the children of the Anakims, whom thou knowest, and of whom thou has
336,ay, saying, Surely the land whereon thy feet have trodden shall be thine inheritance, and thy children's for ever, because thou hast wholly followed the LORD my God. 
And now, behold, the LORD hath kept me alive, as he said, these forty and five years, even since the LORD spake this word unto Moses, while the children of Israel wander
241, and old. 
And it came to pass, that when Jesus had finished these parables, he departed thence. 
And when he was come into his own country, he taught them in their synagogue, insomuch that they were astonished, and said, Whence hath this ma
324, Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety and five years: and he died. 
And Jared lived an hundred sixty and two years, and he begat Enoch: 
And Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years, and begat sons and daughters: 
And all the days of Jared were nine hundred sixty and two years: and he died. 
And Enoch lived six
288,e that rebuketh a wicked man getteth himself a blot. 
Reprove not a scorner, lest he hate thee: rebuke a wise man, and he will love thee. 
Give instruction to a wise man, and he will be yet wiser: teach a just man, and he will increase in learning. 
The fear of the LORD is the beginning 
334,ad. 
Those that remain of him shall be buried in death: and his widows shall not weep. 
Though he heap up silver as the dust, and prepare raiment as the clay; 
He may prepare it, but the just shall put it on, and the innocent shall divide the silver. 
He buildeth his house as a moth, and as a booth that the keeper maketh. 
The rich 
348,d rivers in the desert. 
The beast of the field shall honour me, the dragons and the owls: because I give waters in the wilderness, and rivers in the desert, to give drink to my people, my chosen. 
This people have I formed for myself; they shall shew forth my praise. 
But thou hast not called upon me, O Jacob; but thou hast been weary of me, O I
342,mim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim, 
And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (of whom came the Philistines,) and Caphthorim. 
And Canaan begat Zidon his firstborn, and Heth, 
The Jebusite also, and the Amorite, and the Girgashite, 
And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite, 
And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite. 
The sons of Shem; E
281,he king unto the banquet. And the thing pleased Haman; and he caused the gallows to be made. 
On that night could not the king sleep, and he commanded to bring the book of records of the chronicles; and they were read before the king. 
And it was found written, that Mordecai had t
351,him not, he examined the keepers, and commanded that they should be put to death. And he went down from Judaea to Caesarea, and there abode. 
And Herod was highly displeased with them of Tyre and Sidon: but they came with one accord to him, and, having made Blastus the king's chamberlain their friend, desired peace; because their country was nourish
323, a thousand years in thy sight are but as yesterday when it is past, and as a watch in the night. 
Thou carriest them away as with a flood; they are as a sleep: in the morning they are like grass which groweth up. 
In the morning it flourisheth, and groweth up; in the evening it is cut down, and withereth. 
For we are con
301, 
And Jesse begat David the king; and David the king begat Solomon of her that had been the wife of Urias; 
And Solomon begat Roboam; and Roboam begat Abia; and Abia begat Asa; 
And Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Ozias; 
And Ozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz;
353,nd spices, horses, and mules, a rate year by year. 
And Solomon gathered together chariots and horsemen: and he had a thousand and four hundred chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen, whom he bestowed in the cities for chariots, and with the king at Jerusalem. 
And the king made silver to be in Jerusalem as stones, and cedars made he to be as the syco
270,e will come no more unto thee? 
Can a maid forget her ornaments, or a bride her attire? yet my people have forgotten me days without number. 
Why trimmest thou thy way to seek love? therefore hast thou also taught the wicked ones thy ways. 
Also in thy skirts is found t
268,shall be in the fire. 
In thy filthiness is lewdness: because I have purged thee, and thou wast not purged, thou shalt not be purged from thy filthiness any more, till I have caused my fury to rest upon thee. 
I the LORD have spoken it: it shall come to pass, and I wi
289, and dwellest in their cities, and in their houses; 
Thou shalt separate three cities for thee in the midst of thy land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee to possess it. 
Thou shalt prepare thee a way, and divide the coasts of thy land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee to inherit, into
295,shall be thirty shekels. 
And if it be from five years old even unto twenty years old, then thy estimation shall be of the male twenty shekels, and for the female ten shekels. 
And if it be from a month old even unto five years old, then thy estimation shall be of the male five shekels of silve
295,das saith unto him, not Iscariot, Lord, how is it that thou wilt manifest thyself unto us, and not unto the world? 
Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him. 
He that loveth me 
252,folly: but the prudent are crowned with knowledge. 
The evil bow before the good; and the wicked at the gates of the righteous. 
The poor is hated even of his own neighbour: but the rich hath many friends. 
He that despiseth his neighbour sinneth: but 
252,dmen for ever: but over your brethren the children of Israel, ye shall not rule one over another with rigour. 
And if a sojourner or stranger wax rich by thee, and thy brother that dwelleth by him wax poor, and sell himself unto the stranger or sojourn
281,ye love the uppermost seats in the synagogues, and greetings in the markets. 
Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are as graves which appear not, and the men that walk over them are not aware of them. 
Then answered one of the lawyers, and said unto him, Master
315, us a place of broad rivers and streams; wherein shall go no galley with oars, neither shall gallant ship pass thereby. 
For the LORD is our judge, the LORD is our lawgiver, the LORD is our king; he will save us. 
Thy tacklings are loosed; they could not well strengthen their mast, they could not spread the sail: 
323,d. 
And they cried aloud, and cut themselves after their manner with knives and lancets, till the blood gushed out upon them. 
And it came to pass, when midday was past, and they prophesied until the time of the offering of the evening sacrifice, that there was neither voice, nor any to answer, nor any that regarded. 
And
286,e day of his preparation, and the fir trees shall be terribly shaken. 
The chariots shall rage in the streets, they shall justle one against another in the broad ways: they shall seem like torches, they shall run like the lightnings. 
He shall recount his worthies: they shall stumble i
249, his life. 
And not only so, but we also joy in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom we have now received the atonement. 
Wherefore, as by one man sin entered into the world, and death by sin; and so death passed upon all men, for that all hav
308,earth are out of course. 
I have said, Ye are gods; and all of you are children of the most High. 
But ye shall die like men, and fall like one of the princes. 
Arise, O God, judge the earth: for thou shalt inherit all nations. 
Keep not thou silence, O God: hold not thy peace, and be not still, O God. 
For
286, having not seen, ye love; in whom, though now ye see him not, yet believing, ye rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory: 
Receiving the end of your faith, even the salvation of your souls. 
Of which salvation the prophets have enquired and searched diligently, who prophesied of
298,ence; let thine eyes behold the things that are equal. 
Thou hast proved mine heart; thou hast visited me in the night; thou hast tried me, and shalt find nothing; I am purposed that my mouth shall not transgress. 
Concerning the works of men, by the word of thy lips I have kept me from the paths 
246,s. 
And I will make thy windows of agates, and thy gates of carbuncles, and all thy borders of pleasant stones. 
And all thy children shall be taught of the LORD; and great shall be the peace of thy children. 
In righteousness shalt thou be estab
255,tar, and of the anointing oil, and sprinkle it upon Aaron, and upon his garments, and upon his sons, and upon the garments of his sons with him: and he shall be hallowed, and his garments, and his sons, and his sons' garments with him. 
Also thou shalt ta
357,he smelled the smell of his raiment, and blessed him, and said, See, the smell of my son is as the smell of a field which the LORD hath blessed: 
Therefore God give thee of the dew of heaven, and the fatness of the earth, and plenty of corn and wine: 
Let people serve thee, and nations bow down to thee: be lord over thy brethren, and let thy mother's sons
358, and in the shadow of death, being bound in affliction and iron; 
Because they rebelled against the words of God, and contemned the counsel of the most High: 
Therefore he brought down their heart with labour; they fell down, and there was none to help. 
Then they cried unto the LORD in their trouble, and he saved them out of their distresses. 
He brought 
271,s with the corn, and departed thence. 
And as one of them opened his sack to give his ass provender in the inn, he espied his money; for, behold, it was in his sack's mouth. 
And he said unto his brethren, My money is restored; and, lo, it is even in my sack: and their h
289,ons of Merari, his brethren and their sons, twenty; 
Also of the Nethinims, whom David and the princes had appointed for the service of the Levites, two hundred and twenty Nethinims: all of them were expressed by name. 
Then I proclaimed a fast there, at the river of Ahava, that we might 
251,re is the flock that was given thee, thy beautiful flock? 
What wilt thou say when he shall punish thee? for thou hast taught them to be captains, and as chief over thee: shall not sorrows take thee, as a woman in travail? 
And if thou say in thine he
254,s are holy, whereunto the ark of the LORD hath come. 
Then Solomon offered burnt offerings unto the LORD on the altar of the LORD, which he had built before the porch, 
Even after a certain rate every day, offering according to the commandment of Moses, 
348,an all the dwellings of Jacob. 
Glorious things are spoken of thee, O city of God. Selah. 
I will make mention of Rahab and Babylon to them that know me: behold Philistia, and Tyre, with Ethiopia; this man was born there. 
And of Zion it shall be said, This and that man was born in her: and the highest himself shall establish her. 
The LORD shall
353,knoweth her appointed times; and the turtle and the crane and the swallow observe the time of their coming; but my people know not the judgment of the LORD. 
How do ye say, We are wise, and the law of the LORD is with us? Lo, certainly in vain made he it; the pen of the scribes is in vain. 
The wise men are ashamed, they are dismayed and taken: lo, th
326,magistrate in the land, that might put them to shame in any thing; and they were far from the Zidonians, and had no business with any man. 
And they came unto their brethren to Zorah and Eshtaol: and their brethren said unto them, What say ye? 
And they said, Arise, that we may go up against them: for we have seen the land, 
255,t their families were thirteen cities. 
And unto the sons of Kohath, which were left of the family of that tribe, were cities given out of the half tribe, namely, out of the half tribe of Manasseh, by lot, ten cities. 
And to the sons of Gershom throughou
346, be come peaceably unto me to help me, mine heart shall be knit unto you: but if ye be come to betray me to mine enemies, seeing there is no wrong in mine hands, the God of our fathers look thereon, and rebuke it. 
Then the spirit came upon Amasai, who was chief of the captains, and he said, Thine are we, David, and on thy side, thou son of Jes
248,being clothed we shall not be found naked. 
For we that are in this tabernacle do groan, being burdened: not for that we would be unclothed, but clothed upon, that mortality might be swallowed up of life. 
Now he that hath wrought us for the selfsa
273,d it ceaseth for ever:) 
That he should still live for ever, and not see corruption. 
For he seeth that wise men die, likewise the fool and the brutish person perish, and leave their wealth to others. 
Their inward thought is, that their houses shall continue for ever, and
250,e amiss, and have dealt wickedly; 
If they return to thee with all their heart and with all their soul in the land of their captivity, whither they have carried them captives, and pray toward their land, which thou gavest unto their fathers, and towa
337, her the upper springs and the nether springs. 
And the children of the Kenite, Moses' father in law, went up out of the city of palm trees with the children of Judah into the wilderness of Judah, which lieth in the south of Arad; and they went and dwelt among the people. 
And Judah went with Simeon his brother, and they slew the Canaa
256, 
And he shall stir up his power and his courage against the king of the south with a great army; and the king of the south shall be stirred up to battle with a very great and mighty army; but he shall not stand: for they shall forecast devices against him
241,and shall tread it down, and break it in pieces. 
And the ten horns out of this kingdom are ten kings that shall arise: and another shall rise after them; and he shall be diverse from the first, and he shall subdue three kings. 
And he shall
326,keep it in his appointed season: according to all the rites of it, and according to all the ceremonies thereof, shall ye keep it. 
And Moses spake unto the children of Israel, that they should keep the passover. 
And they kept the passover on the fourteenth day of the first month at even in the wilderness of Sinai: according
247,LORD shall arise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee. 
And the Gentiles shall come to thy light, and kings to the brightness of thy rising. 
Lift up thine eyes round about, and see: all they gather themselves together, they come to th
315,d the king spake and said to Daniel, O Daniel, servant of the living God, is thy God, whom thou servest continually, able to deliver thee from the lions? 
Then said Daniel unto the king, O king, live for ever. 
My God hath sent his angel, and hath shut the lions' mouths, that they have not hurt me: forasmuch as be
346,ne hand shall find out all thine enemies: thy right hand shall find out those that hate thee. 
Thou shalt make them as a fiery oven in the time of thine anger: the LORD shall swallow them up in his wrath, and the fire shall devour them. 
Their fruit shalt thou destroy from the earth, and their seed from among the children of men. 
For they inte
252,h conceived, and bare a son, and she called his name Reuben: for she said, Surely the LORD hath looked upon my affliction; now therefore my husband will love me. 
And she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Because the LORD hath heard I was hate
329, yourselves apart into a desert place, and rest a while: for there were many coming and going, and they had no leisure so much as to eat. 
And they departed into a desert place by ship privately. 
And the people saw them departing, and many knew him, and ran afoot thither out of all cities, and outwent them, and came together u
255,e unrighteousness with God? God forbid. 
For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion. 
So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that shewet
314,yes, O God; for thou hast also spoken of thy servant's house for a great while to come, and hast regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree, O LORD God. 
What can David speak more to thee for the honour of thy servant? for thou knowest thy servant. 
O LORD, for thy servant's sake, and according t
332,brought us good tidings of your faith and charity, and that ye have good remembrance of us always, desiring greatly to see us, as we also to see you: 
Therefore, brethren, we were comforted over you in all our affliction and distress by your faith: 
For now we live, if ye stand fast in the Lord. 
For what thanks can we render to G
294, ye shall keep my statutes, and do them: I am the LORD which sanctify you. 
For every one that curseth his father or his mother shall be surely put to death: he hath cursed his father or his mother; his blood shall be upon him. 
And the man that committeth adultery with another man's wife, eve
272,d the beams thereof, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof. 
And next unto them repaired Meremoth the son of Urijah, the son of Koz. And next unto them repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah, the son of Meshezabeel. And next unto them repa
348,l become a people, and he also shall be great: but truly his younger brother shall be greater than he, and his seed shall become a multitude of nations. 
And he blessed them that day, saying, In thee shall Israel bless, saying, God make thee as Ephraim and as Manasseh: and he set Ephraim before Manasseh. 
And Israel said unto Joseph, Behold, I di
309, their own eyes: for they perceived that this work was wrought of our God. 
Moreover in those days the nobles of Judah sent many letters unto Tobiah, and the letters of Tobiah came unto them. 
For there were many in Judah sworn unto him, because he was the son in law of Shechaniah the son of Arah; and his so
308,rings and incense in their hand, to bring them to the house of the LORD. 
And Ishmael the son of Nethaniah went forth from Mizpah to meet them, weeping all along as he went: and it came to pass, as he met them, he said unto them, Come to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam. 
And it was so, when they came into the mi
359,ence of the people. 
For the multitude of the people followed after, crying, Away with him. 
And as Paul was to be led into the castle, he said unto the chief captain, May I speak unto thee? Who said, Canst thou speak Greek? 
Art not thou that Egyptian, which before these days madest an uproar, and leddest out into the wilderness four thousand men that were
248,th the LORD; and be strong, O Joshua, son of Josedech, the high priest; and be strong, all ye people of the land, saith the LORD, and work: for I am with you, saith the LORD of hosts: 
According to the word that I covenanted with you when ye came o
341,'s chamberlain their friend, desired peace; because their country was nourished by the king's country. 
And upon a set day Herod, arrayed in royal apparel, sat upon his throne, and made an oration unto them. 
And the people gave a shout, saying, It is the voice of a god, and not of a man. 
And immediately the angel of the Lord smote him, b
279, even as it is with you: 
And that we may be delivered from unreasonable and wicked men: for all men have not faith. 
But the Lord is faithful, who shall stablish you, and keep you from evil. 
And we have confidence in the Lord touching you, that ye both do and will do the thing
305,her of Solomon, saying, Hast thou not heard that Adonijah the son of Haggith doth reign, and David our lord knoweth it not? 
Now therefore come, let me, I pray thee, give thee counsel, that thou mayest save thine own life, and the life of thy son Solomon. 
Go and get thee in unto king David, and say unto
296,ift up my head. I am full of confusion; therefore see thou mine affliction; 
For it increaseth. Thou huntest me as a fierce lion: and again thou shewest thyself marvellous upon me. 
Thou renewest thy witnesses against me, and increasest thine indignation upon me; changes and war are against me. 
298,de an end of covering the sanctuary, and all the vessels of the sanctuary, as the camp is to set forward; after that, the sons of Kohath shall come to bear it: but they shall not touch any holy thing, lest they die. These things are the burden of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the congreg
353, in thy praise. 
Blessed be the LORD God of Israel for ever and ever. And all the people said, Amen, and praised the LORD. 
So he left there before the ark of the covenant of the LORD Asaph and his brethren, to minister before the ark continually, as every day's work required: 
And Obededom with their brethren, threescore and eight; Obededom also the 
260,e: and ye shall know that I am the LORD. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; An evil, an only evil, behold, is come. 
An end is come, the end is come: it watcheth for thee; behold, it is come. 
The morning is come unto thee, O thou that dwellest in the land: the time is
253,rced his sister Tamar. 
Now therefore let not my lord the king take the thing to his heart, to think that all the king's sons are dead: for Amnon only is dead. 
But Absalom fled. And the young man that kept the watch lifted up his eyes, and looked, and,
337, shall serve thee. 
And if it will make no peace with thee, but will make war against thee, then thou shalt besiege it: 
And when the LORD thy God hath delivered it into thine hands, thou shalt smite every male thereof with the edge of the sword: 
But the women, and the little ones, and the cattle, and all that is in the city, even all
242,son born to Naomi; and they called his name Obed: he is the father of Jesse, the father of David. 
Now these are the generations of Pharez: Pharez begat Hezron, 
And Hezron begat Ram, and Ram begat Amminadab, 
And Amminadab begat Nahshon, and
306,er thee to the officer, and thou be cast into prison. 
Verily I say unto thee, Thou shalt by no means come out thence, till thou hast paid the uttermost farthing. 
Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery: 
But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to 
291,e LORD, and the land shall be subdued before you; then ye shall give them the land of Gilead for a possession: 
But if they will not pass over with you armed, they shall have possessions among you in the land of Canaan. 
And the children of Gad and the children of Reuben answered, saying, A
255, rejoicing? Are not even ye in the presence of our Lord Jesus Christ at his coming? 
For ye are our glory and joy. 
Wherefore when we could no longer forbear, we thought it good to be left at Athens alone; 
And sent Timotheus, our brother, and minister of
249,es of Israel: Joseph shall have two portions. 
And ye shall inherit it, one as well as another: concerning the which I lifted up mine hand to give it unto your fathers: and this land shall fall unto you for inheritance. 
And this shall be the border
339,ieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God. 
And such were some of you: but ye are washed, but ye are sanctified, but ye are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the Spirit of our God. 
All things are lawful unto me, but all things are not expedient: all things are lawf
278,judah, but I am now going to the house of the LORD; and there is no man that receiveth me to house. 
Yet there is both straw and provender for our asses; and there is bread and wine also for me, and for thy handmaid, and for the young man which is with thy servants: there is no
304,, that thou shalt sow the ground withal; and bread of the increase of the earth, and it shall be fat and plenteous: in that day shall thy cattle feed in large pastures. 
The oxen likewise and the young asses that ear the ground shall eat clean provender, which hath been winnowed with the shovel and with
316, servants were with him. 
And the ass saw the angel of the LORD standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his hand: and the ass turned aside out of the way, and went into the field: and Balaam smote the ass, to turn her into the way. 
But the angel of the LORD stood in a path of the vineyards, a wall being on thi
251, angel to shew unto his servants the things which must shortly be done. 
Behold, I come quickly: blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book. 
And I John saw these things, and heard them. And when I had heard and seen, I fell d
356,on the east of Nobah and Jogbehah, and smote the host; for the host was secure. 
And when Zebah and Zalmunna fled, he pursued after them, and took the two kings of Midian, Zebah and Zalmunna, and discomfited all the host. 
And Gideon the son of Joash returned from battle before the sun was up, 
And caught a young man of the men of Succoth, and enquired o
338,ou never barest rule over them; they were not called by thy name. 
Oh that thou wouldest rend the heavens, that thou wouldest come down, that the mountains might flow down at thy presence, 
As when the melting fire burneth, the fire causeth the waters to boil, to make thy name known to thine adversaries, that the nations may tremble at 
293,nd by the sea side, to the land of the Canaanites, and unto Lebanon, unto the great river, the river Euphrates. 
Behold, I have set the land before you: go in and possess the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, to give unto them and to their seed after them
265, with the musical instruments of David the man of God, and Ezra the scribe before them. 
And at the fountain gate, which was over against them, they went up by the stairs of the city of David, at the going up of the wall, above the house of David, even unto the wat
260,hem; and plant gardens, and eat the fruit of them. 
And Zephaniah the priest read this letter in the ears of Jeremiah the prophet. 
Then came the word of the LORD unto Jeremiah, saying, 
Send to all them of the captivity, saying, Thus saith the LORD concerning
284,in Machpelah, which was before Mamre, the field, and the cave which was therein, and all the trees that were in the field, that were in all the borders round about, were made sure 
Unto Abraham for a possession in the presence of the children of Heth, before all that went in at the g
250,of thy mourning shall be ended. 
Thy people also shall be all righteous: they shall inherit the land for ever, the branch of my planting, the work of my hands, that I may be glorified. 
A little one shall become a thousand, and a small one a strong n
313,ore hast thou visited and destroyed them, and made all their memory to perish. 
Thou hast increased the nation, O LORD, thou hast increased the nation: thou art glorified: thou hadst removed it far unto all the ends of the earth. 
LORD, in trouble have they visited thee, they poured out a prayer when thy chasten
274,his name Jezreel; for yet a little while, and I will avenge the blood of Jezreel upon the house of Jehu, and will cause to cease the kingdom of the house of Israel. 
And it shall come to pass at that day, that I will break the bow of Israel, in the valley of Jezreel. 
And s
241, were before me: and as for his statutes, I did not depart from them. 
I was also upright before him, and have kept myself from mine iniquity. 
Therefore the LORD hath recompensed me according to my righteousness; according to my cleanness i
251,n to him with a staff, and plucked the spear out of the Egyptian's hand, and slew him with his own spear. 
These things did Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and had the name among the three mighties. 
Behold, he was honourable among the thirty, but attain
332,he earth by the living creatures, with his four faces. 
The appearance of the wheels and their work was like unto the colour of a beryl: and they four had one likeness: and their appearance and their work was as it were a wheel in the middle of a wheel. 
When they went, they went upon their four sides: and they turned not when the
360,efore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are the children of them which killed the prophets. 
Fill ye up then the measure of your fathers. 
Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape the damnation of hell? 
Wherefore, behold, I send unto you prophets, and wise men, and scribes: and some of them ye shall kill and crucify; and some of them s
245,r: 
Because they met you not with bread and with water in the way, when ye came forth out of Egypt; and because they hired against thee Balaam the son of Beor of Pethor of Mesopotamia, to curse thee. 
Nevertheless the LORD thy God would not hear
314,d clean: and ye shall not make your souls abominable by beast, or by fowl, or by any manner of living thing that creepeth on the ground, which I have separated from you as unclean. 
And ye shall be holy unto me: for I the LORD am holy, and have severed you from other people, that ye should be mine. 
A man also or
358,: my virgins and my young men are fallen by the sword; thou hast slain them in the day of thine anger; thou hast killed, and not pitied. 
Thou hast called as in a solemn day my terrors round about, so that in the day of the LORD's anger none escaped nor remained: those that I have swaddled and brought up hath mine enemy consumed. 
I AM the man that hath se
357,to thy people for an inheritance. 
If there be in the land famine, if there be pestilence, blasting, mildew, locust, or if there be caterpiller; if their enemy besiege them in the land of their cities; whatsoever plague, whatsoever sickness there be; 
What prayer and supplication soever be made by any man, or by all thy people Israel, which shall know eve
359,ir in his greatness, in the length of his branches: for his root was by great waters. 
The cedars in the garden of God could not hide him: the fir trees were not like his boughs, and the chestnut trees were not like his branches; nor any tree in the garden of God was like unto him in his beauty. 
I have made him fair by the multitude of his branches: so tha
243, she provoked her; therefore she wept, and did not eat. 
Then said Elkanah her husband to her, Hannah, why weepest thou? and why eatest thou not? and why is thy heart grieved? am not I better to thee than ten sons? 
So Hannah rose up after the
265, it, and a cubit and a half the height of it: 
And he overlaid it with pure gold within and without, and made a crown of gold to it round about. 
And he cast for it four rings of gold, to be set by the four corners of it; even two rings upon the one side of it, and
296,e him unclean, and shall not shut him up: for he is unclean. 
And if a leprosy break out abroad in the skin, and the leprosy cover all the skin of him that hath the plague from his head even to his foot, wheresoever the priest looketh; 
Then the priest shall consider: and, behold, if the leprosy
347,bernacle of the congregation. 
And when Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the priest, saw it, he rose up from among the congregation, and took a javelin in his hand; 
And he went after the man of Israel into the tent, and thrust both of them through, the man of Israel, and the woman through her belly. So the plague was stayed from t
240,, and there is not a present to bring to the man of God: what have we? 
And the servant answered Saul again, and said, Behold, I have here at hand the fourth part of a shekel of silver: that will I give to the man of God, to tell us our way
340,Remmon, and Ether, and Ashan; four cities and their villages: 
And all the villages that were round about these cities to Baalathbeer, Ramath of the south. This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Simeon according to their families. 
Out of the portion of the children of Judah was the inheritance of the children of Simeon: 
267,ng is heard out of Zion, How are we spoiled! we are greatly confounded, because we have forsaken the land, because our dwellings have cast us out. 
Yet hear the word of the LORD, O ye women, and let your ear receive the word of his mouth, and teach your daughters wai
349,and inherit the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee. 
Thou shalt not plant thee a grove of any trees near unto the altar of the LORD thy God, which thou shalt make thee. 
Neither shalt thou set thee up any image; which the LORD thy God hateth. 
Thou shalt not sacrifice unto the LORD thy God any bullock, or sheep, wherein is blemish, or any evi
351, harp. 
Praise him with the timbrel and dance: praise him with stringed instruments and organs. 
Praise him upon the loud cymbals: praise him upon the high sounding cymbals. 
Let every thing that hath breath praise the LORD. Praise ye the LORD. 
The proverbs of Solomon the son of David, king of Israel; 
To know wisdom and instruction; to perceive th
359,LORD. 
And they pitched one over against the other seven days. And so it was, that in the seventh day the battle was joined: and the children of Israel slew of the Syrians an hundred thousand footmen in one day. 
But the rest fled to Aphek, into the city; and there a wall fell upon twenty and seven thousand of the men that were left. And Benhadad fled, and 
355, tabernacle on this side and on that side, to cover it. 
And thou shalt make a covering for the tent of rams' skins dyed red, and a covering above of badgers' skins. 
And thou shalt make boards for the tabernacle of shittim wood standing up. 
Ten cubits shall be the length of a board, and a cubit and a half shall be the breadth of one board. 
Two tenons
306,er, and from the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of the Father, in truth and love. 
I rejoiced greatly that I found of thy children walking in truth, as we have received a commandment from the Father. 
And now I beseech thee, lady, not as though I wrote a new commandment unto thee, but that which we had from t
291,art of an ephah of fine flour for a meat offering perpetual, half of it in the morning, and half thereof at night. 
In a pan it shall be made with oil; and when it is baken, thou shalt bring it in: and the baken pieces of the meat offering shalt thou offer for a sweet savour unto the LORD. 
319,t, and said unto him, Of a truth women have been kept from us about these three days, since I came out, and the vessels of the young men are holy, and the bread is in a manner common, yea, though it were sanctified this day in the vessel. 
So the priest gave him hallowed bread: for there was no bread there but the she
340,RD, and fasted on that day, and said there, We have sinned against the LORD. And Samuel judged the children of Israel in Mizpeh. 
And when the Philistines heard that the children of Israel were gathered together to Mizpeh, the lords of the Philistines went up against Israel. And when the children of Israel heard it, they were afraid of th
246, whelps. 
In their heat I will make their feasts, and I will make them drunken, that they may rejoice, and sleep a perpetual sleep, and not wake, saith the LORD. 
I will bring them down like lambs to the slaughter, like rams with he goats. 
How i
281,from the land. And he sat down, and taught the people out of the ship. 
Now when he had left speaking, he said unto Simon, Launch out into the deep, and let down your nets for a draught. 
And Simon answering said unto him, Master, we have toiled all the night, and have taken nothi
276,to vessels, but cast the bad away. 
So shall it be at the end of the world: the angels shall come forth, and sever the wicked from among the just, 
And shall cast them into the furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth. 
Jesus saith unto them, Have ye unde
282,e to. 
And the children of Israel heard say, Behold, the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh have built an altar over against the land of Canaan, in the borders of Jordan, at the passage of the children of Israel. 
And when the children of Isra
256,st the hearts of the children of men:) 
That they may fear thee, to walk in thy ways, so long as they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers. 
Moreover concerning the stranger, which is not of thy people Israel, but is come from a far country 
352,t them to Damascus. And he was also delivered into the hand of the king of Israel, who smote him with a great slaughter. 
For Pekah the son of Remaliah slew in Judah an hundred and twenty thousand in one day, which were all valiant men; because they had forsaken the LORD God of their fathers. 
And Zichri, a mighty man of Ephraim, slew Maaseiah the ki
259, unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins. 
Then said they unto him, Who art thou? And Jesus saith unto them, Even the same that I said unto you from the beginning. 
I have many things to say and 
337,to bear my name before the Gentiles, and kings, and the children of Israel: 
For I will shew him how great things he must suffer for my name's sake. 
And Ananias went his way, and entered into the house; and putting his hands on him said, Brother Saul, the Lord, even Jesus, that appeared unto thee in the way as thou camest, hath sent m
359,nd will drive him into a land barren and desolate, with his face toward the east sea, and his hinder part toward the utmost sea, and his stink shall come up, and his ill savour shall come up, because he hath done great things. 
Fear not, O land; be glad and rejoice: for the LORD will do great things. 
Be not afraid, ye beasts of the field: for the pastures 
328,y among them, did they not let the people go, and they departed? 
Now therefore make a new cart, and take two milch kine, on which there hath come no yoke, and tie the kine to the cart, and bring their calves home from them: 
And take the ark of the LORD, and lay it upon the cart; and put the jewels of gold, which ye return hi
258,ady against the third day: come not at your wives. 
And it came to pass on the third day in the morning, that there were thunders and lightnings, and a thick cloud upon the mount, and the voice of the trumpet exceeding loud; so that all the people that was i
270,e days, saith the Lord, I will put my laws into their hearts, and in their minds will I write them; 
And their sins and iniquities will I remember no more. 
Now where remission of these is, there is no more offering for sin. 
Having therefore, brethren, boldness to ente
242,eir wheat harvest in the valley: and they lifted up their eyes, and saw the ark, and rejoiced to see it. 
And the cart came into the field of Joshua, a Bethshemite, and stood there, where there was a great stone: and they clave the wood of th
329,f a man shall cause a field or vineyard to be eaten, and shall put in his beast, and shall feed in another man's field; of the best of his own field, and of the best of his own vineyard, shall he make restitution. 
If fire break out, and catch in thorns, so that the stacks of corn, or the standing corn, or the field, be consume
278,n I come to the outside of the camp, it shall be that, as I do, so shall ye do. 
When I blow with a trumpet, I and all that are with me, then blow ye the trumpets also on every side of all the camp, and say, The sword of the LORD, and of Gideon. 
So Gideon, and the hundred men 
339, that believed were of one heart and of one soul: neither said any of them that ought of the things which he possessed was his own; but they had all things common. 
And with great power gave the apostles witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus: and great grace was upon them all. 
Neither was there any among them that lacked: for as
290,d wondered that there was no intercessor: therefore his arm brought salvation unto him; and his righteousness, it sustained him. 
For he put on righteousness as a breastplate, and an helmet of salvation upon his head; and he put on the garments of vengeance for clothing, and was clad with 
257,l flesh. 
And the bow shall be in the cloud; and I will look upon it, that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is upon the earth. 
And God said unto Noah, This is the token of the covenant, which I
298,westward, four at the causeway, and two at Parbar. 
These are the divisions of the porters among the sons of Kore, and among the sons of Merari. 
And of the Levites, Ahijah was over the treasures of the house of God, and over the treasures of the dedicated things. 
As concerning the sons of Laadan
289,, 
Hath walked in my statutes, and hath kept my judgments, to deal truly; he is just, he shall surely live, saith the Lord GOD. 
If he beget a son that is a robber, a shedder of blood, and that doeth the like to any one of these things, 
And that doeth not any of those duties, but even ha
283,ouch them, when they be dead, shall be unclean until the even. 
And upon whatsoever any of them, when they are dead, doth fall, it shall be unclean; whether it be any vessel of wood, or raiment, or skin, or sack, whatsoever vessel it be, wherein any work is done, it must be put into
341,the God of his fathers, nor the desire of women, nor regard any god: for he shall magnify himself above all. 
But in his estate shall he honour the God of forces: and a god whom his fathers knew not shall he honour with gold, and silver, and with precious stones, and pleasant things. 
Thus shall he do in the most strong holds with a strang
240,thout hope. 
O remember that my life is wind: mine eye shall no more see good. 
The eye of him that hath seen me shall see me no more: thine eyes are upon me, and I am not. 
As the cloud is consumed and vanisheth away: so he that goeth down
310,m out of all the tribes of Israel such as set their hearts to seek the LORD God of Israel came to Jerusalem, to sacrifice unto the LORD God of their fathers. 
So they strengthened the kingdom of Judah, and made Rehoboam the son of Solomon strong, three years: for three years they walked in the way of David an
345,es thereof above. 
And they drew out the staves of the ark, that the ends of the staves were seen from the ark before the oracle; but they were not seen without. And there it is unto this day. 
There was nothing in the ark save the two tables which Moses put therein at Horeb, when the LORD made a covenant with the children of Israel, when they
296,alked with me, saying, Come hither, I will shew thee the bride, the Lamb's wife. 
And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain, and shewed me that great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from God, 
Having the glory of God: and her light was like unto a stone
331,er, and Temeni, and Haahashtari. These were the sons of Naarah. 
And the sons of Helah were, Zereth, and Jezoar, and Ethnan. 
And Coz begat Anub, and Zobebah, and the families of Aharhel the son of Harum. 
And Jabez was more honourable than his brethren: and his mother called his name Jabez, saying, Because I bare him with sorrow
358, the man, until he shall have done eating and drinking. 
And it shall be, when he lieth down, that thou shalt mark the place where he shall lie, and thou shalt go in, and uncover his feet, and lay thee down; and he will tell thee what thou shalt do. 
And she said unto her, All that thou sayest unto me I will do. 
And she went down unto the floor, and did a
349,, lama sabachthani? that is to say, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? 
Some of them that stood there, when they heard that, said, This man calleth for Elias. 
And straightway one of them ran, and took a spunge, and filled it with vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink. 
The rest said, Let be, let us see whether Elias will co
324,osom, and his clothes not be burned? 
Can one go upon hot coals, and his feet not be burned? 
So he that goeth in to his neighbour's wife; whosoever toucheth her shall not be innocent. 
Men do not despise a thief, if he steal to satisfy his soul when he is hungry; 
But if he be found, he shall restore sevenfold; he shall g
273, the king's commandment they made a chest, and set it without at the gate of the house of the LORD. 
And they made a proclamation through Judah and Jerusalem, to bring in to the LORD the collection that Moses the servant of God laid upon Israel in the wilderness. 
And all 
252,h I espoused to me for an hundred foreskins of the Philistines. 
And Ishbosheth sent, and took her from her husband, even from Phaltiel the son of Laish. 
And her husband went with her along weeping behind her to Bahurim. Then said Abner unto him, Go, 
353,cast him out of the vineyard, and killed him. What therefore shall the lord of the vineyard do unto them? 
He shall come and destroy these husbandmen, and shall give the vineyard to others. And when they heard it, they said, God forbid. 
And he beheld them, and said, What is this then that is written, The stone which the builders rejected, the same is
260,nd wine, and oil, and ye shall be satisfied therewith: and I will no more make you a reproach among the heathen: 
But I will remove far off from you the northern army, and will drive him into a land barren and desolate, with his face toward the east sea, and h
359, intent we should not lust after evil things, as they also lusted. 
Neither be ye idolaters, as were some of them; as it is written, The people sat down to eat and drink, and rose up to play. 
Neither let us commit fornication, as some of them committed, and fell in one day three and twenty thousand. 
Neither let us tempt Christ, as some of them also tempte
306, month, even in the month which he had devised of his own heart; and ordained a feast unto the children of Israel: and he offered upon the altar, and burnt incense. 
And, behold, there came a man of God out of Judah by the word of the LORD unto Bethel: and Jeroboam stood by the altar to burn incense. 
And
291,and. 
And Barak said unto her, If thou wilt go with me, then I will go: but if thou wilt not go with me, then I will not go. 
And she said, I will surely go with thee: notwithstanding the journey that thou takest shall not be for thine honour; for the LORD shall sell Sisera into the hand of
254,tle are perplexed, because they have no pasture; yea, the flocks of sheep are made desolate. 
O LORD, to thee will I cry: for the fire hath devoured the pastures of the wilderness, and the flame hath burned all the trees of the field. 
The beasts of the 
273,money. 
And he erected there an altar, and called it EleloheIsrael. 
And Dinah the daughter of Leah, which she bare unto Jacob, went out to see the daughters of the land. 
And when Shechem the son of Hamor the Hivite, prince of the country, saw her, he took her, and lay wi
351,irst ripe: and the other basket had very naughty figs, which could not be eaten, they were so bad. 
Then said the LORD unto me, What seest thou, Jeremiah? And I said, Figs; the good figs, very good; and the evil, very evil, that cannot be eaten, they are so evil. 
Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD, the God of Isra
302,ring: 
One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense: 
One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering: 
One kid of the goats for a sin offering: 
And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offe
291,od in old time, even Terah, the father of Abraham, and the father of Nachor: and they served other gods. 
And I took your father Abraham from the other side of the flood, and led him throughout all the land of Canaan, and multiplied his seed, and gave him Isaac. 
And I gave unto Isaac Jacob
313, the son of Omri reigned over Israel in Samaria twenty and two years. 
And Ahab the son of Omri did evil in the sight of the LORD above all that were before him. 
And it came to pass, as if it had been a light thing for him to walk in the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, that he took to wife Jezebel the daught
245,l die without knowledge. 
But the hypocrites in heart heap up wrath: they cry not when he bindeth them. 
They die in youth, and their life is among the unclean. 
He delivereth the poor in his affliction, and openeth their ears in oppression. 
Ev
254, my loves. 
The mandrakes give a smell, and at our gates are all manner of pleasant fruits, new and old, which I have laid up for thee, O my beloved. 
O that thou wert as my brother, that sucked the breasts of my mother! when I should find thee without, 
269,ebuke. 
A man shall eat good by the fruit of his mouth: but the soul of the transgressors shall eat violence. 
He that keepeth his mouth keepeth his life: but he that openeth wide his lips shall have destruction. 
The soul of the sluggard desireth, and hath nothing: bu
302,d uncover the woman's head, and put the offering of memorial in her hands, which is the jealousy offering: and the priest shall have in his hand the bitter water that causeth the curse: 
And the priest shall charge her by an oath, and say unto the woman, If no man have lain with thee, and if thou hast
343,trength to battle: them that rose up against me hast thou subdued under me. 
Thou hast also given me the necks of mine enemies, that I might destroy them that hate me. 
They looked, but there was none to save; even unto the LORD, but he answered them not. 
Then did I beat them as small as the dust of the earth, I did stamp them as the mire o
341, God coming in to him, and saying unto him, Cornelius. 
And when he looked on him, he was afraid, and said, What is it, Lord? And he said unto him, Thy prayers and thine alms are come up for a memorial before God. 
And now send men to Joppa, and call for one Simon, whose surname is Peter: 
He lodgeth with one Simon a tanner, whose house is
286,D of hosts, the mighty One of Israel, Ah, I will ease me of mine adversaries, and avenge me of mine enemies: 
And I will turn my hand upon thee, and purely purge away thy dross, and take away all thy tin: 
And I will restore thy judges as at the first, and thy counsellors as at the beg
343,ael, and put dust upon their heads. 
And Joshua said, Alas, O LORD God, wherefore hast thou at all brought this people over Jordan, to deliver us into the hand of the Amorites, to destroy us? would to God we had been content, and dwelt on the other side Jordan! 
O LORD, what shall I say, when Israel turneth their backs before their enemies! 
322, line; here a little, and there a little; that they might go, and fall backward, and be broken, and snared, and taken. 
Wherefore hear the word of the LORD, ye scornful men, that rule this people which is in Jerusalem. 
Because ye have said, We have made a covenant with death, and with hell are we at agreement; when the 
308, I did not burden you: nevertheless, being crafty, I caught you with guile. 
Did I make a gain of you by any of them whom I sent unto you? 
I desired Titus, and with him I sent a brother. Did Titus make a gain of you? walked we not in the same spirit? walked we not in the same steps? 
Again, think ye that w
265,ngs unto her. 
Then the same day at evening, being the first day of the week, when the doors were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews, came Jesus and stood in the midst, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you. 
And when he had so said, he s
331,is called Christ? They all say unto him, Let him be crucified. 
And the governor said, Why, what evil hath he done? But they cried out the more, saying, Let him be crucified. 
When Pilate saw that he could prevail nothing, but that rather a tumult was made, he took water, and washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I am in
299,e for glory: drink thou also, and let thy foreskin be uncovered: the cup of the LORD's right hand shall be turned unto thee, and shameful spewing shall be on thy glory. 
For the violence of Lebanon shall cover thee, and the spoil of beasts, which made them afraid, because of men's blood, and for th
242,all give him shall never thirst; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life. 
The woman saith unto him, Sir, give me this water, that I thirst not, neither come hither to draw. 
Jesu
337,the Pharzites: of Zerah, the family of the Zarhites. 
And the sons of Pharez were; of Hezron, the family of the Hezronites: of Hamul, the family of the Hamulites. 
These are the families of Judah according to those that were numbered of them, threescore and sixteen thousand and five hundred. 
Of the sons of Issachar after their familie
279, to inherit eternal life? 
He said unto him, What is written in the law? how readest thou? 
And he answering said, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all thy mind; and thy neighbour as thyself. 
And he 
318,will also save you from all your uncleannesses: and I will call for the corn, and will increase it, and lay no famine upon you. 
And I will multiply the fruit of the tree, and the increase of the field, that ye shall receive no more reproach of famine among the heathen. 
Then shall ye remember your own evil ways, and
252,of a lamb without blemish and without spot: 
Who verily was foreordained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times for you, 
Who by him do believe in God, that raised him up from the dead, and gave him glory; that your fa
313,which I saw, even according to the vision that I saw when I came to destroy the city: and the visions were like the vision that I saw by the river Chebar; and I fell upon my face. 
And the glory of the LORD came into the house by the way of the gate whose prospect is toward the east. 
So the spirit took me up, a
329,saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live. 
And Jesus went with him; and much people followed him, and thronged him. 
And a certain woman, which had an issue of blood twelve years, 
And had suffered many things of many physician
310,profitable unto himself? 
Is it any pleasure to the Almighty, that thou art righteous? or is it gain to him, that thou makest thy ways perfect? 
Will he reprove thee for fear of thee? will he enter with thee into judgment? 
Is not thy wickedness great? and thine iniquities infinite? 
For thou hast taken a ple
330,he obtained kindness of him; and he speedily gave her her things for purification, with such things as belonged to her, and seven maidens, which were meet to be given her, out of the king's house: and he preferred her and her maids unto the best place of the house of the women. 
Esther had not shewed her people nor her kindred: 
350, the inhabitants of the land: for they did not drive them out. 
Neither did Naphtali drive out the inhabitants of Bethshemesh, nor the inhabitants of Bethanath; but he dwelt among the Canaanites, the inhabitants of the land: nevertheless the inhabitants of Bethshemesh and of Bethanath became tributaries unto them. 
And the Amorites forced the child
319,w these things unto James, and to the brethren. And he departed, and went into another place. 
Now as soon as it was day, there was no small stir among the soldiers, what was become of Peter. 
And when Herod had sought for him, and found him not, he examined the keepers, and commanded that they should be put to death.
256,fest; neither any thing hid, that shall not be known and come abroad. 
Take heed therefore how ye hear: for whosoever hath, to him shall be given; and whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken even that which he seemeth to have. 
Then came to him his mot
287,omuch as he also is a son of Abraham. 
For the Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost. 
And as they heard these things, he added and spake a parable, because he was nigh to Jerusalem, and because they thought that the kingdom of God should immediately appear. 
He sai
308,nto Moses in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho, saying, 
Command the children of Israel, that they give unto the Levites of the inheritance of their possession cities to dwell in; and ye shall give also unto the Levites suburbs for the cities round about them. 
And the cities shall they have to dwel
328,r be built. 
Therefore shall the strong people glorify thee, the city of the terrible nations shall fear thee. 
For thou hast been a strength to the poor, a strength to the needy in his distress, a refuge from the storm, a shadow from the heat, when the blast of the terrible ones is as a storm against the wall. 
Thou shalt bri
353,man to his tents, O Israel. 
So every man of Israel went up from after David, and followed Sheba the son of Bichri: but the men of Judah clave unto their king, from Jordan even to Jerusalem. 
And David came to his house at Jerusalem; and the king took the ten women his concubines, whom he had left to keep the house, and put them in ward, and fed them,
268,also unto thee. 
Now therefore hearken unto their voice: howbeit yet protest solemnly unto them, and shew them the manner of the king that shall reign over them. 
And Samuel told all the words of the LORD unto the people that asked of him a king. 
And he said, This wi
316,dicea. 
And I turned to see the voice that spake with me. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks; 
And in the midst of the seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with a golden girdle. 
His head and his hairs were white like wool, 
282,d, yea, are mighty in power? 
Their seed is established in their sight with them, and their offspring before their eyes. 
Their houses are safe from fear, neither is the rod of God upon them. 
Their bull gendereth, and faileth not; their cow calveth, and casteth not her calf. 
They
301, tarry with them: and he abode there two days. 
And many more believed because of his own word; 
And said unto the woman, Now we believe, not because of thy saying: for we have heard him ourselves, and know that this is indeed the Christ, the Saviour of the world. 
Now after two days he departed then
322,t the army of the Chaldeans pursued after the king, and overtook Zedekiah in the plains of Jericho; and all his army was scattered from him. 
Then they took the king, and carried him up unto the king of Babylon to Riblah in the land of Hamath; where he gave judgment upon him. 
And the king of Babylon slew the sons of Zed
311, of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fulness of the Gentiles be come in. 
And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shall come out of Sion the Deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob: 
For this is my
341,mon king. 
And the king hath sent with him Zadok the priest, and Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and the Cherethites, and the Pelethites, and they have caused him to ride upon the king's mule: 
And Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet have anointed him king in Gihon: and they are come up from thence rejoicing, so th
301,s? 
Then Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, said unto them, Ye rulers of the people, and elders of Israel, 
If we this day be examined of the good deed done to the impotent man, by what means he is made whole; 
Be it known unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Chris
318,t, and Ahimelech the son of Abiathar, and before the chief of the fathers of the priests and Levites: one principal household being taken for Eleazar, and one taken for Ithamar. 
Now the first lot came forth to Jehoiarib, the second to Jedaiah, 
The third to Harim, the fourth to Seorim, 
The fifth to Malchijah, the s
292,, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur. 
On the ninth day Abidan the son of Gideoni, prince of the children of Benjamin, offered: 
His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thi
241,Zedekiah the son of Hananiah, and all the princes. 
Then Michaiah declared unto them all the words that he had heard, when Baruch read the book in the ears of the people. 
Therefore all the princes sent Jehudi the son of Nethaniah, the son o
244,secretly brought to me, and mine ear received a little thereof. 
In thoughts from the visions of the night, when deep sleep falleth on men, 
Fear came upon me, and trembling, which made all my bones to shake. 
Then a spirit passed before my fac
260,e now therefore, and let us slay him, and cast him into some pit, and we will say, Some evil beast hath devoured him: and we shall see what will become of his dreams. 
And Reuben heard it, and he delivered him out of their hands; and said, Let us not kill him.
278,at was put therein. 
Then said Jesus, Let her alone: against the day of my burying hath she kept this. 
For the poor always ye have with you; but me ye have not always. 
Much people of the Jews therefore knew that he was there: and they came not for Jesus' sake only, but that t
350,d the men that were with him, (now Saul abode in Gibeah under a tree in Ramah, having his spear in his hand, and all his servants were standing about him;) 
Then Saul said unto his servants that stood about him, Hear now, ye Benjamites; will the son of Jesse give every one of you fields and vineyards, and make you all captains of thousands, and cap
348,; for it is God's throne: 
Nor by the earth; for it is his footstool: neither by Jerusalem; for it is the city of the great King. 
Neither shalt thou swear by thy head, because thou canst not make one hair white or black. 
But let your communication be, Yea, yea; Nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil. 
Ye have heard that it h
300, king Solomon's officers, even two hundred and fifty, that bare rule over the people. 
And Solomon brought up the daughter of Pharaoh out of the city of David unto the house that he had built for her: for he said, My wife shall not dwell in the house of David king of Israel, because the places are h
265, enquire of the LORD: but I hate him; for he never prophesied good unto me, but always evil: the same is Micaiah the son of Imla. And Jehoshaphat said, Let not the king say so. 
And the king of Israel called for one of his officers, and said, Fetch quickly Micaiah 
279, it; for it is a cursed thing. 
All the commandments which I command thee this day shall ye observe to do, that ye may live, and multiply, and go in and possess the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers. 
And thou shalt remember all the way which the LORD thy God led thee 
308,Babylon's princes, and those women shall say, Thy friends have set thee on, and have prevailed against thee: thy feet are sunk in the mire, and they are turned away back. 
So they shall bring out all thy wives and thy children to the Chaldeans: and thou shalt not escape out of their hand, but shalt be taken
251,yet hath he seen no good: do not all go to one place? 
All the labour of man is for his mouth, and yet the appetite is not filled. 
For what hath the wise more than the fool? what hath the poor, that knoweth to walk before the living? 
Better is the s
353, in at the fish gate, and compassed about Ophel, and raised it up a very great height, and put captains of war in all the fenced cities of Judah. 
And he took away the strange gods, and the idol out of the house of the LORD, and all the altars that he had built in the mount of the house of the LORD, and in Jerusalem, and cast them out of the city. 
An
340,nto you the testimony of God. 
For I determined not to know any thing among you, save Jesus Christ, and him crucified. 
And I was with you in weakness, and in fear, and in much trembling. 
And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power: 
That your faith should no
242,ut being ensamples to the flock. 
And when the chief Shepherd shall appear, ye shall receive a crown of glory that fadeth not away. 
Likewise, ye younger, submit yourselves unto the elder. Yea, all of you be subject one to another, and be clo
254, Dan shall be on the north side by their armies: and the captain of the children of Dan shall be Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai. 
And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were threescore and two thousand and seven hundred. 
And those that enca
275,to you. 
For I long to see you, that I may impart unto you some spiritual gift, to the end ye may be established; 
That is, that I may be comforted together with you by the mutual faith both of you and me. 
Now I would not have you ignorant, brethren, that oftentimes I purpo
273, hungerbitten, and destruction shall be ready at his side. 
It shall devour the strength of his skin: even the firstborn of death shall devour his strength. 
His confidence shall be rooted out of his tabernacle, and it shall bring him to the king of terrors. 
It shall dwel
245,, and gold in abundance, and precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed with him of all that was in her heart. 
And Solomon told her all her questions: and there was nothing hid from Solomon which he told her not. 
And when 
292,emorial thereof, and burn it on the altar, according to the offerings made by fire unto the LORD: it is a sin offering. 
And the priest shall make an atonement for him as touching his sin that he hath sinned in one of these, and it shall be forgiven him: and the remnant shall be the priest's
342, the crown thereof, by the two corners of it, upon the two sides thereof, to be places for the staves to bear it withal. 
And he made the staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold. 
And he made the holy anointing oil, and the pure incense of sweet spices, according to the work of the apothecary. 
And he made the altar of burnt off
255,ng to the house of their fathers, and the tribe of the children of Gad according to the house of their fathers, have received their inheritance; and half the tribe of Manasseh have received their inheritance: 
The two tribes and the half tribe have receiv
240,d thy men. 
And David said to Achish, Surely thou shalt know what thy servant can do. And Achish said to David, Therefore will I make thee keeper of mine head for ever. 
Now Samuel was dead, and all Israel had lamented him, and buried him i
303,and Zadok begat Shallum, 
And Shallum begat Hilkiah, and Hilkiah begat Azariah, 
And Azariah begat Seraiah, and Seraiah begat Jehozadak, 
And Jehozadak went into captivity, when the LORD carried away Judah and Jerusalem by the hand of Nebuchadnezzar. 
The sons of Levi; Gershom, Kohath, and Merari. 
And
359,ntain of the LORD of hosts the holy mountain. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; There shall yet old men and old women dwell in the streets of Jerusalem, and every man with his staff in his hand for very age. 
And the streets of the city shall be full of boys and girls playing in the streets thereof. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; If it be marvellous in the eye
353,him vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and vessels of brass: 
Which also king David did dedicate unto the LORD, with the silver and gold that he had dedicated of all nations which he subdued; 
Of Syria, and of Moab, and of the children of Ammon, and of the Philistines, and of Amalek, and of the spoil of Hadadezer, son of Rehob, king of Zobah. 
An
284,it upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot: 
And the priest shall take some of the log of oil, and pour it into the palm of his own left hand: 
And the priest shall dip his right finge
265,grace that was given unto me, they gave to me and Barnabas the right hands of fellowship; that we should go unto the heathen, and they unto the circumcision. 
Only they would that we should remember the poor; the same which I also was forward to do. 
But when Peter
296,ver it unto him by that the sun goeth down: 
For that is his covering only, it is his raiment for his skin: wherein shall he sleep? and it shall come to pass, when he crieth unto me, that I will hear; for I am gracious. 
Thou shalt not revile the gods, nor curse the ruler of thy people. 
Thou sh
240,y: but he that hardeneth his heart shall fall into mischief. 
As a roaring lion, and a ranging bear; so is a wicked ruler over the poor people. 
The prince that wanteth understanding is also a great oppressor: but he that hateth covetousnes
243, word of God. 
And when Peter was come up to Jerusalem, they that were of the circumcision contended with him, 
Saying, Thou wentest in to men uncircumcised, and didst eat with them. 
But Peter rehearsed the matter from the beginning, and expo
262,reacher was king over Israel in Jerusalem. 
And I gave my heart to seek and search out by wisdom concerning all things that are done under heaven: this sore travail hath God given to the sons of man to be exercised therewith. 
I have seen all the works that are 
301,rom among you, when thou shalt do that which is right in the sight of the LORD. 
When thou goest forth to war against thine enemies, and the LORD thy God hath delivered them into thine hands, and thou hast taken them captive, 
And seest among the captives a beautiful woman, and hast a desire unto her
258, the king, and said, And who is so faithful among all thy servants as David, which is the king's son in law, and goeth at thy bidding, and is honourable in thine house? 
Did I then begin to enquire of God for him? be it far from me: let not the king impute a
289,oveth righteousness and judgment: the earth is full of the goodness of the LORD. 
By the word of the LORD were the heavens made; and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth. 
He gathereth the waters of the sea together as an heap: he layeth up the depth in storehouses. 
Let all th
291,e to pledge: for he taketh a man's life to pledge. 
If a man be found stealing any of his brethren of the children of Israel, and maketh merchandise of him, or selleth him; then that thief shall die; and thou shalt put evil away from among you. 
Take heed in the plague of leprosy, that thou
263,e field of his possession, shall be sold or redeemed: every devoted thing is most holy unto the LORD. 
None devoted, which shall be devoted of men, shall be redeemed; but shall surely be put to death. 
And all the tithe of the land, whether of the seed of the lan
360,mself.) 
And Moses and Eleazar the priest took the gold of the captains of thousands and of hundreds, and brought it into the tabernacle of the congregation, for a memorial for the children of Israel before the LORD. 
Now the children of Reuben and the children of Gad had a very great multitude of cattle: and when they saw the land of Jazer, and the land of 
322,a partridge in the mountains. 
Then said Saul, I have sinned: return, my son David: for I will no more do thee harm, because my soul was precious in thine eyes this day: behold, I have played the fool, and have erred exceedingly. 
And David answered and said, Behold the king's spear! and let one of the young men come ove
289,of the scornful. 
But his delight is in the law of the LORD; and in his law doth he meditate day and night. 
And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water, that bringeth forth his fruit in his season; his leaf also shall not wither; and whatsoever he doeth shall prosper. 
The
346,h him twenty and eight males. 
And of the sons of Azgad; Johanan the son of Hakkatan, and with him an hundred and ten males. 
And of the last sons of Adonikam, whose names are these, Eliphelet, Jeiel, and Shemaiah, and with them threescore males. 
Of the sons also of Bigvai; Uthai, and Zabbud, and with them seventy males. 
And I gathered them t
328, for of such is the kingdom of God. 
Verily I say unto you, Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child, he shall not enter therein. 
And he took them up in his arms, put his hands upon them, and blessed them. 
And when he was gone forth into the way, there came one running, and kneeled to him, and asked h
256,Thou hast put all things in subjection under his feet. For in that he put all in subjection under him, he left nothing that is not put under him. But now we see not yet all things put under him. 
But we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than the angel
336,f the sky; but can ye not discern the signs of the times? 
A wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given unto it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. And he left them, and departed. 
And when his disciples were come to the other side, they had forgotten to take bread. 
Then Jesus said unto th
300,nd abuse me. But his armourbearer would not; for he was sore afraid. So Saul took a sword, and fell upon it. 
And when his armourbearer saw that Saul was dead, he fell likewise on the sword, and died. 
So Saul died, and his three sons, and all his house died together. 
And when all the men of Israel
311, yea, let him tread down my life upon the earth, and lay mine honour in the dust. Selah. 
Arise, O LORD, in thine anger, lift up thyself because of the rage of mine enemies: and awake for me to the judgment that thou hast commanded. 
So shall the congregation of the people compass thee about: for their sakes t
293,: but they went out, that they might be made manifest that they were not all of us. 
But ye have an unction from the Holy One, and ye know all things. 
I have not written unto you because ye know not the truth, but because ye know it, and that no lie is of the truth. 
Who is a liar but he tha
283,n. 
And after a while came unto him they that stood by, and said to Peter, Surely thou also art one of them; for thy speech bewrayeth thee. 
Then began he to curse and to swear, saying, I know not the man. And immediately the cock crew. 
And Peter remembered the word of Jesus, which
299,i the Ramathite: over the increase of the vineyards for the wine cellars was Zabdi the Shiphmite: 
And over the olive trees and the sycomore trees that were in the low plains was Baalhanan the Gederite: and over the cellars of oil was Joash: 
And over the herds that fed in Sharon was Shitrai the Sh
241, of clouds and of thick darkness, as the morning spread upon the mountains: a great people and a strong; there hath not been ever the like, neither shall be any more after it, even to the years of many generations. 
A fire devoureth before t
282,certain women, which had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities, Mary called Magdalene, out of whom went seven devils, 
And Joanna the wife of Chuza Herod's steward, and Susanna, and many others, which ministered unto him of their substance. 
And when much people were gathered
289,ingdom of heaven is like unto leaven, which a woman took, and hid in three measures of meal, till the whole was leavened. 
All these things spake Jesus unto the multitude in parables; and without a parable spake he not unto them: 
That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet
299,keth to jealousy. 
And, behold, the glory of the God of Israel was there, according to the vision that I saw in the plain. 
Then said he unto me, Son of man, lift up thine eyes now the way toward the north. So I lifted up mine eyes the way toward the north, and behold northward at the gate of the a
360,sheaves into the floor. 
Arise and thresh, O daughter of Zion: for I will make thine horn iron, and I will make thy hoofs brass: and thou shalt beat in pieces many people: and I will consecrate their gain unto the LORD, and their substance unto the Lord of the whole earth. 
Now gather thyself in troops, O daughter of troops: he hath laid siege against us: th
292,quaintance. 
And when they found him not, they turned back again to Jerusalem, seeking him. 
And it came to pass, that after three days they found him in the temple, sitting in the midst of the doctors, both hearing them, and asking them questions. 
And all that heard him were astonished at 
282,, Naharai the Berothite, the armourbearer of Joab the son of Zeruiah, 
Ira the Ithrite, Gareb the Ithrite, 
Uriah the Hittite, Zabad the son of Ahlai, 
Adina the son of Shiza the Reubenite, a captain of the Reubenites, and thirty with him, 
Hanan the son of Maachah, and Joshaphat t
271,thee, and thou hast not kept my covenant and my statutes, which I have commanded thee, I will surely rend the kingdom from thee, and will give it to thy servant. 
Notwithstanding in thy days I will not do it for David thy father's sake: but I will rend it out of the hand
247,ips. 
Once have I sworn by my holiness that I will not lie unto David. 
His seed shall endure for ever, and his throne as the sun before me. 
It shall be established for ever as the moon, and as a faithful witness in heaven. Selah. 
But thou hast 
305, anointed David king over the house of Judah. And they told David, saying, That the men of Jabeshgilead were they that buried Saul. 
And David sent messengers unto the men of Jabeshgilead, and said unto them, Blessed be ye of the LORD, that ye have shewed this kindness unto your lord, even unto Saul, and
270,or the bars, and overlaid the bars with gold. 
And he made a vail of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: with cherubims made he it of cunning work. 
And he made thereunto four pillars of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold: their hooks were of go
260,are multiplied before thee, and our sins testify against us: for our transgressions are with us; and as for our iniquities, we know them; 
In transgressing and lying against the LORD, and departing away from our God, speaking oppression and revolt, conceiving 
248,e told them according to all these words that the king had commanded. So they left off speaking with him; for the matter was not perceived. 
So Jeremiah abode in the court of the prison until the day that Jerusalem was taken: and he was there when 
345,us Christ, which is blessed for evermore, knoweth that I lie not. 
In Damascus the governor under Aretas the king kept the city of the damascenes with a garrison, desirous to apprehend me: 
And through a window in a basket was I let down by the wall, and escaped his hands. 
It is not expedient for me doubtless to glory. I will come to visions 
338,the firstborn among the children of Israel, and the cattle of the Levites instead of their cattle; and the Levites shall be mine: I am the LORD. 
And for those that are to be redeemed of the two hundred and threescore and thirteen of the firstborn of the children of Israel, which are more than the Levites; 
Thou shalt even take five she
294, lords of the Philistines, and said, Send away the ark of the God of Israel, and let it go again to his own place, that it slay us not, and our people: for there was a deadly destruction throughout all the city; the hand of God was very heavy there. 
And the men that died not were smitten with
303,re in the depths of hell. 
The proverbs of Solomon. A wise son maketh a glad father: but a foolish son is the heaviness of his mother. 
Treasures of wickedness profit nothing: but righteousness delivereth from death. 
The LORD will not suffer the soul of the righteous to famish: but he casteth away the
270,nto those that be of heavy hearts. 
Let him drink, and forget his poverty, and remember his misery no more. 
Open thy mouth for the dumb in the cause of all such as are appointed to destruction. 
Open thy mouth, judge righteously, and plead the cause of the poor and nee
343,, the great and terrible God, that keepeth covenant and mercy for them that love him and observe his commandments: 
Let thine ear now be attentive, and thine eyes open, that thou mayest hear the prayer of thy servant, which I pray before thee now, day and night, for the children of Israel thy servants, and confess the sins of the children of
311,of Nephthalim were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Manasses were sealed twelve thousand. 
Of the tribe of Simeon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Levi were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Issachar were sealed twelve thousand. 
Of the tribe of Zabulon were sealed twelve thousand. Of 
259,nor drink till they have killed him: and now are they ready, looking for a promise from thee. 
So the chief captain then let the young man depart, and charged him, See thou tell no man that thou hast shewed these things to me. 
And he called unto him two cent
300,nto the priest: 
And the priest shall look upon the plague, and shut up it that hath the plague seven days: 
And he shall look on the plague on the seventh day: if the plague be spread in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in a skin, or in any work that is made of skin; the plague i
310,him, Thou hast said. 
And as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and blessed it, and brake it, and gave it to the disciples, and said, Take, eat; this is my body. 
And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and gave it to them, saying, Drink ye all of it; 
For this is my blood of the new testament, which is shed f
343,h the LORD thy God giveth thee, and shalt possess it, and shalt dwell therein, and shalt say, I will set a king over me, like as all the nations that are about me; 
Thou shalt in any wise set him king over thee, whom the LORD thy God shall choose: one from among thy brethren shalt thou set king over thee: thou mayest not set a stranger over 
289,n of man glorified, and God is glorified in him. 
If God be glorified in him, God shall also glorify him in himself, and shall straightway glorify him. 
Little children, yet a little while I am with you. Ye shall seek me: and as I said unto the Jews, Whither I go, ye cannot come; so now I
330,ons, oxen, and cherubims: and upon the ledges there was a base above: and beneath the lions and oxen were certain additions made of thin work. 
And every base had four brasen wheels, and plates of brass: and the four corners thereof had undersetters: under the laver were undersetters molten, at the side of every addition. 
And t
353,ssess it? 
Wilt not thou possess that which Chemosh thy god giveth thee to possess? So whomsoever the LORD our God shall drive out from before us, them will we possess. 
And now art thou any thing better than Balak the son of Zippor, king of Moab? did he ever strive against Israel, or did he ever fight against them, 
While Israel dwelt in Heshbon and 
330,im, Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money. 
Thou hast neither part nor lot in this matter: for thy heart is not right in the sight of God. 
Repent therefore of this thy wickedness, and pray God, if perhaps the thought of thine heart may be forgiven thee. 
For I per
334,e of God was in Shiloh. 
And it came to pass in those days, when there was no king in Israel, that there was a certain Levite sojourning on the side of mount Ephraim, who took to him a concubine out of Bethlehemjudah. 
And his concubine played the whore against him, and went away from him unto her father's house to Bethlehemjudah, a
354,ame together, bone to his bone. 
And when I beheld, lo, the sinews and the flesh came up upon them, and the skin covered them above: but there was no breath in them. 
Then said he unto me, Prophesy unto the wind, prophesy, son of man, and say to the wind, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Come from the four winds, O breath, and breathe upon these slain, that th
300, and appointed a law in Israel, which he commanded our fathers, that they should make them known to their children: 
That the generation to come might know them, even the children which should be born; who should arise and declare them to their children: 
That they might set their hope in God, and n
289, of the devil: whosoever doeth not righteousness is not of God, neither he that loveth not his brother. 
For this is the message that ye heard from the beginning, that we should love one another. 
Not as Cain, who was of that wicked one, and slew his brother. And wherefore slew he him? Be
324, Iddo, and to his brethren the Nethinims, at the place Casiphia, that they should bring unto us ministers for the house of our God. 
And by the good hand of our God upon us they brought us a man of understanding, of the sons of Mahli, the son of Levi, the son of Israel; and Sherebiah, with his sons and his brethren, eighte
264,he sword come, and blow not the trumpet, and the people be not warned; if the sword come, and take any person from among them, he is taken away in his iniquity; but his blood will I require at the watchman's hand. 
So thou, O son of man, I have set thee a watchman
349,them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand. 
My Father, which gave them me, is greater than all; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father's hand. 
I and my Father are one. 
Then the Jews took up stones again to stone him. 
Jesus answered them, Many good works have I shewed you from my F
318,, and, behold, if the plague of leprosy be healed in the leper; 
Then shall the priest command to take for him that is to be cleansed two birds alive and clean, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop: 
And the priest shall command that one of the birds be killed in an earthen vessel over running water: 
As for the l
278,rough, and he died. 
And when the men of Israel saw that Abimelech was dead, they departed every man unto his place. 
Thus God rendered the wickedness of Abimelech, which he did unto his father, in slaying his seventy brethren: 
And all the evil of the men of Shechem did God re
251,l bring thee unto another place; peradventure it will please God that thou mayest curse me them from thence. 
And Balak brought Balaam unto the top of Peor, that looketh toward jeshimon. 
And Balaam said unto Balak, Build me here seven altars, and pre
259,vered a very great host into their hand, because they had forsaken the LORD God of their fathers. So they executed judgment against Joash. 
And when they were departed from him, (for they left him in great diseases,) his own servants conspired against him for
245,urned me over into the hands of the wicked. 
I was at ease, but he hath broken me asunder: he hath also taken me by my neck, and shaken me to pieces, and set me up for his mark. 
His archers compass me round about, he cleaveth my reins asunder, 
311,m like the roaring of the sea: and if one look unto the land, behold darkness and sorrow, and the light is darkened in the heavens thereof. 
In the year that king Uzziah died I saw also the LORD sitting upon a throne, high and lifted up, and his train filled the temple. 
Above it stood the seraphims: each one 
328,d within my walls a place and a name better than of sons and of daughters: I will give them an everlasting name, that shall not be cut off. 
Also the sons of the stranger, that join themselves to the LORD, to serve him, and to love the name of the LORD, to be his servants, every one that keepeth the sabbath from polluting it, 
267,D had brought Israel out of Egypt; 
Then Jethro, Moses' father in law, took Zipporah, Moses' wife, after he had sent her back, 
And her two sons; of which the name of the one was Gershom; for he said, I have been an alien in a strange land: 
And the name of the other
244,d his corn money. And he did according to the word that Joseph had spoken. 
As soon as the morning was light, the men were sent away, they and their asses. 
And when they were gone out of the city, and not yet far off, Joseph said unto his stew
314, was like burning coals of fire, and like the appearance of lamps: it went up and down among the living creatures; and the fire was bright, and out of the fire went forth lightning. 
And the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning. 
Now as I beheld the living creatures, behold 
343,that is bought for money, when thou hast circumcised him, then shall he eat thereof. 
A foreigner and an hired servant shall not eat thereof. 
In one house shall it be eaten; thou shalt not carry forth ought of the flesh abroad out of the house; neither shall ye break a bone thereof. 
All the congregation of Israel shall keep it. 
And when a
346,ays and seven nights, and none spake a word unto him: for they saw that his grief was very great. 
After this opened Job his mouth, and cursed his day. 
And Job spake, and said, 
Let the day perish wherein I was born, and the night in which it was said, There is a man child conceived. 
Let that day be darkness; let not God regard it from above,
286,comforter. 
Wherefore I praised the dead which are already dead more than the living which are yet alive. 
Yea, better is he than both they, which hath not yet been, who hath not seen the evil work that is done under the sun. 
Again, I considered all travail, and every right work, that
323,dy before it was brought thither: so that there was neither hammer nor axe nor any tool of iron heard in the house, while it was in building. 
The door for the middle chamber was in the right side of the house: and they went up with winding stairs into the middle chamber, and out of the middle into the third. 
So he built
286,f he saw ought. 
And he looked up, and said, I see men as trees, walking. 
After that he put his hands again upon his eyes, and made him look up: and he was restored, and saw every man clearly. 
And he sent him away to his house, saying, Neither go into the town, nor tell it to any in 
347,ee also with broidered work, and shod thee with badgers' skin, and I girded thee about with fine linen, and I covered thee with silk. 
I decked thee also with ornaments, and I put bracelets upon thy hands, and a chain on thy neck. 
And I put a jewel on thy forehead, and earrings in thine ears, and a beautiful crown upon thine head. 
Thus wast th
260,le them. 
Then will I make their waters deep, and cause their rivers to run like oil, saith the Lord GOD. 
When I shall make the land of Egypt desolate, and the country shall be destitute of that whereof it was full, when I shall smite all them that dwell ther
293,Jacob and Joseph. Selah. 
The waters saw thee, O God, the waters saw thee; they were afraid: the depths also were troubled. 
The clouds poured out water: the skies sent out a sound: thine arrows also went abroad. 
The voice of thy thunder was in the heaven: the lightnings lightened the world:
283,d with shoulder, and pushed all the diseased with your horns, till ye have scattered them abroad; 
Therefore will I save my flock, and they shall no more be a prey; and I will judge between cattle and cattle. 
And I will set up one shepherd over them, and he shall feed them, even my
295,abes shall rule over them. 
And the people shall be oppressed, every one by another, and every one by his neighbour: the child shall behave himself proudly against the ancient, and the base against the honourable. 
When a man shall take hold of his brother of the house of his father, saying, Th
322,; 
And declared to be the Son of God with power, according to the spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead: 
By whom we have received grace and apostleship, for obedience to the faith among all nations, for his name: 
Among whom are ye also the called of Jesus Christ: 
To all that be in Rome, beloved of God,
294,e ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fulness of the Gentiles be come in. 
And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shall come out of Sion the Deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness 
249, and upon thy vintage. 
And joy and gladness is taken from the plentiful field, and from the land of Moab, and I have caused wine to fail from the winepresses: none shall tread with shouting; their shouting shall be no shouting. 
From the cry of Hes
257,is at hand. 
I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith: 
Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day: and not to me only, but unto all them al
353,l the young men the king's sons; for Amnon only is dead: for by the appointment of Absalom this hath been determined from the day that he forced his sister Tamar. 
Now therefore let not my lord the king take the thing to his heart, to think that all the king's sons are dead: for Amnon only is dead. 
But Absalom fled. And the young man that kept the wa
282,come, and shall eat and be satisfied; that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all the work of thine hand which thou doest. 
At the end of every seven years thou shalt make a release. 
And this is the manner of the release: Every creditor that lendeth ought unto his neighbour shall 
254, thee, and keep the charge of the tabernacle of the congregation, for all the service of the tabernacle: and a stranger shall not come nigh unto you. 
And ye shall keep the charge of the sanctuary, and the charge of the altar: that there be no wrath any 
276,and, behold, we are in Kadesh, a city in the uttermost of thy border: 
Let us pass, I pray thee, through thy country: we will not pass through the fields, or through the vineyards, neither will we drink of the water of the wells: we will go by the king's high way, we will not
279,ore them; the LORD delivered all their enemies into their hand. 
There failed not ought of any good thing which the LORD had spoken unto the house of Israel; all came to pass. 
Then Joshua called the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh, 
And said unto the
250, his bed, and walked upon the roof of the king's house: and from the roof he saw a woman washing herself; and the woman was very beautiful to look upon. 
And David sent and enquired after the woman. And one said, Is not this Bathsheba, the daughter o
251,d when the morning arose, then the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take thy wife, and thy two daughters, which are here; lest thou be consumed in the iniquity of the city. 
And while he lingered, the men laid hold upon his hand, and upon the hand 
270,treet, and did spread them abroad. 
Thou also hast delivered me from the strivings of my people, thou hast kept me to be head of the heathen: a people which I knew not shall serve me. 
Strangers shall submit themselves unto me: as soon as they hear, they shall be obedie
291, Hezron, 
And Hezron begat Ram, and Ram begat Amminadab, 
And Amminadab begat Nahshon, and Nahshon begat Salmon, 
And Salmon begat Boaz, and Boaz begat Obed, 
And Obed begat Jesse, and Jesse begat David. 
Now there was a certain man of Ramathaimzophim, of mount Ephraim, and his name was Elk
334,ehold, all things are become new. 
And all things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation; 
To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation. 
No
337,is hand against God, and strengtheneth himself against the Almighty. 
He runneth upon him, even on his neck, upon the thick bosses of his bucklers: 
Because he covereth his face with his fatness, and maketh collops of fat on his flanks. 
And he dwelleth in desolate cities, and in houses which no man inhabiteth, which are ready to becom
262, thyself in times of trouble? 
The wicked in his pride doth persecute the poor: let them be taken in the devices that they have imagined. 
For the wicked boasteth of his heart's desire, and blesseth the covetous, whom the LORD abhorreth. 
The wicked, through the
336,nd laid him upon his own bed. 
And he cried unto the LORD, and said, O LORD my God, hast thou also brought evil upon the widow with whom I sojourn, by slaying her son? 
And he stretched himself upon the child three times, and cried unto the LORD, and said, O LORD my God, I pray thee, let this child's soul come into him again. 
And the
257,er Kanah; and the goings out thereof were at the sea. This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Ephraim by their families. 
And the separate cities for the children of Ephraim were among the inheritance of the children of Manasseh, all the cit
308,e upon my people of Israel; I will not again pass by them any more. 
And the songs of the temple shall be howlings in that day, saith the Lord GOD: there shall be many dead bodies in every place; they shall cast them forth with silence. 
Hear this, O ye that swallow up the needy, even to make the poor of th
269,e families of Simeon. 
And these are the names of the sons of Levi according to their generations; Gershon, and Kohath, and Merari: and the years of the life of Levi were an hundred thirty and seven years. 
The sons of Gershon; Libni, and Shimi, according to their fami
307,re round about you, nigh unto thee, or far off from thee, from the one end of the earth even unto the other end of the earth; 
Thou shalt not consent unto him, nor hearken unto him; neither shall thine eye pity him, neither shalt thou spare, neither shalt thou conceal him: 
But thou shalt surely kill him; 
274,o Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, in the first month of the second year after they were come out of the land of Egypt, saying, 
Let the children of Israel also keep the passover at his appointed season. 
In the fourteenth day of this month, at even, ye shall keep it in hi
281, water. 
And the LORD said unto Gideon, By the three hundred men that lapped will I save you, and deliver the Midianites into thine hand: and let all the other people go every man unto his place. 
So the people took victuals in their hand, and their trumpets: and he sent all the r
261,he ships in Eziongaber. 
Then Eliezer the son of Dodavah of Mareshah prophesied against Jehoshaphat, saying, Because thou hast joined thyself with Ahaziah, the LORD hath broken thy works. And the ships were broken, that they were not able to go to Tarshish. 
No
281,y of them that were over and above them that were redeemed by the Levites: 
Of the firstborn of the children of Israel took he the money; a thousand three hundred and threescore and five shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary: 
And Moses gave the money of them that were redeem
256,ot spoken of myself; but the Father which sent me, he gave me a commandment, what I should say, and what I should speak. 
And I know that his commandment is life everlasting: whatsoever I speak therefore, even as the Father said unto me, so I speak. 
Now b
329,to his steward, Up, follow after the men; and when thou dost overtake them, say unto them, Wherefore have ye rewarded evil for good? 
Is not this it in which my lord drinketh, and whereby indeed he divineth? ye have done evil in so doing. 
And he overtook them, and he spake unto them these same words. 
And they said unto him, W
354,hem the back, and not the face, in the day of their calamity. 
Then said they, Come and let us devise devices against Jeremiah; for the law shall not perish from the priest, nor counsel from the wise, nor the word from the prophet. Come, and let us smite him with the tongue, and let us not give heed to any of his words. 
Give heed to me, O LORD, and he
311, and two captains. 
And of the children of Benjamin, the kindred of Saul, three thousand: for hitherto the greatest part of them had kept the ward of the house of Saul. 
And of the children of Ephraim twenty thousand and eight hundred, mighty men of valour, famous throughout the house of their fathers. 
And of
264,names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not, and yet is. 
And here is the mind which hath wisdom. The seven heads are seven mountains, on which the woman sitteth. 
And there are seven
297,osen you to stand before him, to serve him, and that ye should minister unto him, and burn incense. 
Then the Levites arose, Mahath the son of Amasai, and Joel the son of Azariah, of the sons of the Kohathites: and of the sons of Merari, Kish the son of Abdi, and Azariah the son of Jehalelel: and
286, 
A scorner loveth not one that reproveth him: neither will he go unto the wise. 
A merry heart maketh a cheerful countenance: but by sorrow of the heart the spirit is broken. 
The heart of him that hath understanding seeketh knowledge: but the mouth of fools feedeth on foolishness. 
A
304,inheritance of the children of Benjamin, by the coasts thereof round about, according to their families. 
Now the cities of the tribe of the children of Benjamin according to their families were Jericho, and Bethhoglah, and the valley of Keziz, 
And Betharabah, and Zemaraim, and Bethel, 
And Avim, and P
318,offerings, and have given them unto Aaron the priest and unto his sons by a statute for ever from among the children of Israel. 
This is the portion of the anointing of Aaron, and of the anointing of his sons, out of the offerings of the LORD made by fire, in the day when he presented them to minister unto the LORD i
311,had neither dressed his feet, nor trimmed his beard, nor washed his clothes, from the day the king departed until the day he came again in peace. 
And it came to pass, when he was come to Jerusalem to meet the king, that the king said unto him, Wherefore wentest not thou with me, Mephibosheth? 
And he answered
311,ling like the dragons, and mourning as the owls. 
For her wound is incurable; for it is come unto Judah; he is come unto the gate of my people, even to Jerusalem. 
Declare ye it not at Gath, weep ye not at all: in the house of Aphrah roll thyself in the dust. 
Pass ye away, thou inhabitant of Saphir, having th
240,e, of the camel, and of the ass, and of all the beasts that shall be in these tents, as this plague. 
And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left of all the nations which came against Jerusalem shall even go up from year to year 
249,e them out from before thee. 
Thou shalt be perfect with the LORD thy God. 
For these nations, which thou shalt possess, hearkened unto observers of times, and unto diviners: but as for thee, the LORD thy God hath not suffered thee so to do. 
The LO
266,And he that doubteth is damned if he eat, because he eateth not of faith: for whatsoever is not of faith is sin. 
We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves. 
Let every one of us please his neighbour for his good t
333, and Beten, and Achshaph, 
And Alammelech, and Amad, and Misheal; and reacheth to Carmel westward, and to Shihorlibnath; 
And turneth toward the sunrising to Bethdagon, and reacheth to Zebulun, and to the valley of Jiphthahel toward the north side of Bethemek, and Neiel, and goeth out to Cabul on the left hand, 
And Hebron, and Reh
243,hel said, God hath judged me, and hath also heard my voice, and hath given me a son: therefore called she his name Dan. 
And Bilhah Rachel's maid conceived again, and bare Jacob a second son. 
And Rachel said, With great wrestlings have I wres
269, in heaven; neither is there respect of persons with him. 
Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might. 
Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. 
For we wrestle not against flesh and bl
306,enient for thee to go, thither go. 
Now while he was not yet gone back, he said, Go back also to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan, whom the king of Babylon hath made governor over the cities of Judah, and dwell with him among the people: or go wheresoever it seemeth convenient unto thee to go
263,is brother's nakedness; they shall be childless. 
Ye shall therefore keep all my statutes, and all my judgments, and do them: that the land, whither I bring you to dwell therein, spue you not out. 
And ye shall not walk in the manners of the nation, which I cast 
291,. 
Into thine hand I commit my spirit: thou hast redeemed me, O LORD God of truth. 
I have hated them that regard lying vanities: but I trust in the LORD. 
I will be glad and rejoice in thy mercy: for thou hast considered my trouble; thou hast known my soul in adversities; 
And hast not shu
335,his due season, the first rain and the latter rain, that thou mayest gather in thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil. 
And I will send grass in thy fields for thy cattle, that thou mayest eat and be full. 
Take heed to yourselves, that your heart be not deceived, and ye turn aside, and serve other gods, and worship them; 
And then th
244,od the Father and in the Lord Jesus Christ: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ. 
We give thanks to God always for you all, making mention of you in our prayers; 
Remembering without ceasing your work of
321,hed for evermore. 
According to all these words, and according to all this vision, so did Nathan speak unto David. 
And David the king came and sat before the LORD, and said, Who am I, O LORD God, and what is mine house, that thou hast brought me hitherto? 
And yet this was a small thing in thine eyes, O God; for thou h
266, which are entered into thine house: for they be come to search out all the country. 
And the woman took the two men, and hid them, and said thus, There came men unto me, but I wist not whence they were: 
And it came to pass about the time of shutting of the gate, w
350,to thine ordinances: for all are thy servants. 
Unless thy law had been my delights, I should then have perished in mine affliction. 
I will never forget thy precepts: for with them thou hast quickened me. 
I am thine, save me: for I have sought thy precepts. 
The wicked have waited for me to destroy me: but I will consider thy testimonies. 
I have
328,ccording to all that is written in the law of the LORD, which he commanded Israel; 
And with them Heman and Jeduthun, and the rest that were chosen, who were expressed by name, to give thanks to the LORD, because his mercy endureth for ever; 
And with them Heman and Jeduthun with trumpets and cymbals for those that should make
264,thine hand it is to make great, and to give strength unto all. 
Now therefore, our God, we thank thee, and praise thy glorious name. 
But who am I, and what is my people, that we should be able to offer so willingly after this sort? for all things come of thee, an
346,ely there fell from his eyes as it had been scales: and he received sight forthwith, and arose, and was baptized. 
And when he had received meat, he was strengthened. Then was Saul certain days with the disciples which were at Damascus. 
And straightway he preached Christ in the synagogues, that he is the Son of God. 
But all that heard him wer
341, and that we must through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of God. 
And when they had ordained them elders in every church, and had prayed with fasting, they commended them to the Lord, on whom they believed. 
And after they had passed throughout Pisidia, they came to Pamphylia. 
And when they had preached the word in Perga, they we
336,ich is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe: for there is no difference: 
For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God; 
Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus: 
Whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his rig
260,tten in the book of the law. 
There was not a word of all that Moses commanded, which Joshua read not before all the congregation of Israel, with the women, and the little ones, and the strangers that were conversant among them. 
And it came to pass, when all 
332,all things after the counsel of his own will: 
That we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ. 
In whom ye also trusted, after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that ye believed, ye were sealed with that holy Spirit of promise, 
Which is the earnest of our 
252,ness. 
And flocks shall lie down in the midst of her, all the beasts of the nations: both the cormorant and the bittern shall lodge in the upper lintels of it; their voice shall sing in the windows; desolation shall be in the thresholds; for he shall u
343,away. 
And Aaron's sons shall burn it on the altar upon the burnt sacrifice, which is upon the wood that is on the fire: it is an offering made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD. 
And if his offering for a sacrifice of peace offering unto the LORD be of the flock; male or female, he shall offer it without blemish. 
If he offer a lamb 
326,of thy servants, and of thy people Israel, that thou teach them the good way wherein they should walk, and give rain upon thy land, which thou hast given to thy people for an inheritance. 
If there be in the land famine, if there be pestilence, blasting, mildew, locust, or if there be caterpiller; if their enemy besiege them
354,h upon the high places of the earth, The LORD, The God of hosts, is his name. 
Hear ye this word which I take up against you, even a lamentation, O house of Israel. 
The virgin of Israel is fallen; she shall no more rise: she is forsaken upon her land; there is none to raise her up. 
For thus saith the Lord GOD; The city that went out by a thousand sha
292,h, and he be to be put to death, and thou hang him on a tree: 
His body shall not remain all night upon the tree, but thou shalt in any wise bury him that day; (for he that is hanged is accursed of God;) that thy land be not defiled, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance. 
Th
262,selves among you that believe: 
As ye know how we exhorted and comforted and charged every one of you, as a father doth his children, 
That ye would walk worthy of God, who hath called you unto his kingdom and glory. 
For this cause also thank we God without cea
246, of Judas Iscariot the son of Simon: for he it was that should betray him, being one of the twelve. 
After these things Jesus walked in Galilee: for he would not walk in Jewry, because the Jews sought to kill him. 
Now the Jew's feast of tabernac
323,mily apart; the family of the house of David apart, and their wives apart; the family of the house of Nathan apart, and their wives apart; 
The family of the house of Levi apart, and their wives apart; the family of Shimei apart, and their wives apart; 
All the families that remain, every family apart, and their wives apa
295,ourished his father, and his brethren, and all his father's household, with bread, according to their families. 
And there was no bread in all the land; for the famine was very sore, so that the land of Egypt and all the land of Canaan fainted by reason of the famine. 
And Joseph gathered up al
326,ram; Shubael: of the sons of Shubael; Jehdeiah. 
Concerning Rehabiah: of the sons of Rehabiah, the first was Isshiah. 
Of the Izharites; Shelomoth: of the sons of Shelomoth; Jahath. 
And the sons of Hebron; Jeriah the first, Amariah the second, Jahaziel the third, Jekameam the fourth. 
Of the sons of Uzziel; Michah: of the s
319,, were departed from Jerusalem;) 
By the hand of Elasah the son of Shaphan, and Gemariah the son of Hilkiah, (whom Zedekiah king of Judah sent unto Babylon to Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon) saying, 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, unto all that are carried away captives, whom I have caused to be carr
264, heart. 
And of Naphtali a thousand captains, and with them with shield and spear thirty and seven thousand. 
And of the Danites expert in war twenty and eight thousand and six hundred. 
And of Asher, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, forty thousand. 
A
294,scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! because ye build the tombs of the prophets, and garnish the sepulchres of the righteous, 
And say, If we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets. 
Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, 
282,kingdom. 
He shall build me an house, and I will stablish his throne for ever. 
I will be his father, and he shall be my son: and I will not take my mercy away from him, as I took it from him that was before thee: 
But I will settle him in mine house and in my kingdom for ever: and
279,mong all people: 
And at this house, which is high, every one that passeth by it shall be astonished, and shall hiss; and they shall say, Why hath the LORD done thus unto this land, and to this house? 
And they shall answer, Because they forsook the LORD their God, who brought f
274,h for a fool: he openeth not his mouth in the gate. 
He that deviseth to do evil shall be called a mischievous person. 
The thought of foolishness is sin: and the scorner is an abomination to men. 
If thou faint in the day of adversity, thy strength is small. 
If thou forbe
322,ine: for Jonadab the son of Rechab our father commanded us, saying, Ye shall drink no wine, neither ye, nor your sons for ever: 
Neither shall ye build house, nor sow seed, nor plant vineyard, nor have any: but all your days ye shall dwell in tents; that ye may live many days in the land where ye be strangers. 
Thus have
268,hen heaven is shut up, and there is no rain, because they have sinned against thee; if they pray toward this place, and confess thy name, and turn from their sin, when thou afflictest them: 
Then hear thou in heaven, and forgive the sin of thy servants, and of thy peo
290,other lords beside thee have had dominion over us: but by thee only will we make mention of thy name. 
They are dead, they shall not live; they are deceased, they shall not rise: therefore hast thou visited and destroyed them, and made all their memory to perish. 
Thou hast increased the n
258,shua the son of Nun called the priests, and said unto them, Take up the ark of the covenant, and let seven priests bear seven trumpets of rams' horns before the ark of the LORD. 
And he said unto the people, Pass on, and compass the city, and let him that is
351,nd put it into the water: 
And the priest shall set the woman before the LORD, and uncover the woman's head, and put the offering of memorial in her hands, which is the jealousy offering: and the priest shall have in his hand the bitter water that causeth the curse: 
And the priest shall charge her by an oath, and say unto the woman, If no man have 
266,aters of Egypt, upon their streams, upon their rivers, and upon their ponds, and upon all their pools of water, that they may become blood; and that there may be blood throughout all the land of Egypt, both in vessels of wood, and in vessels of stone. 
And Moses and
360,e outward court, and, lo, there were chambers, and a pavement made for the court round about: thirty chambers were upon the pavement. 
And the pavement by the side of the gates over against the length of the gates was the lower pavement. 
Then he measured the breadth from the forefront of the lower gate unto the forefront of the inner court without, an hundr
262,shall carry them forth out of the city into an unclean place. 
Moreover he that goeth into the house all the while that it is shut up shall be unclean until the even. 
And he that lieth in the house shall wash his clothes; and he that eateth in the house shall w
340,t a fear in the land of Egypt. 
And I will make Pathros desolate, and will set fire in Zoan, and will execute judgments in No. 
And I will pour my fury upon Sin, the strength of Egypt; and I will cut off the multitude of No. 
And I will set fire in Egypt: Sin shall have great pain, and No shall be rent asunder, and Noph shall have distres
284,man by lying with him. 
But all the women children, that have not known a man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves. 
And do ye abide without the camp seven days: whosoever hath killed any person, and whosoever hath touched any slain, purify both yourselves and your captives o
360,o is this King of glory? The LORD strong and mighty, the LORD mighty in battle. 
Lift up your heads, O ye gates; even lift them up, ye everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in. 
Who is this King of glory? The LORD of hosts, he is the King of glory. Selah. 
Unto thee, O LORD, do I lift up my soul. 
O my God, I trust in thee: let me not be ashame
267, millstone to pledge: for he taketh a man's life to pledge. 
If a man be found stealing any of his brethren of the children of Israel, and maketh merchandise of him, or selleth him; then that thief shall die; and thou shalt put evil away from among you. 
Take heed in
248,hey are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing. 
Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honour to whom honour. 
Owe no man any thing, but to love one anothe
278,unto me, saying, 
Behold, Hanameel the son of Shallum thine uncle shall come unto thee saying, Buy thee my field that is in Anathoth: for the right of redemption is thine to buy it. 
So Hanameel mine uncle's son came to me in the court of the prison according to the word of the
263,e: thou hast seen me, and tried mine heart toward thee: pull them out like sheep for the slaughter, and prepare them for the day of slaughter. 
How long shall the land mourn, and the herbs of every field wither, for the wickedness of them that dwell therein? the 
312,shall put off their garments wherein they ministered, and lay them in the holy chambers, and they shall put on other garments; and they shall not sanctify the people with their garments. 
Neither shall they shave their heads, nor suffer their locks to grow long; they shall only poll their heads. 
Neither shall 
360,ey all hold swords, being expert in war: every man hath his sword upon his thigh because of fear in the night. 
King Solomon made himself a chariot of the wood of Lebanon. 
He made the pillars thereof of silver, the bottom thereof of gold, the covering of it of purple, the midst thereof being paved with love, for the daughters of Jerusalem. 
Go forth, O ye d
334,ight be saved. 
And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie: 
That they all might be damned who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness. 
But we are bound to give thanks alway to God for you, brethren beloved of the Lord, because God hath from the beginning chosen you to
303,e everlasting life. 
For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. 
He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God. 
And th
333,rive you out, and that ye might perish, ye, and the prophets that prophesy unto you. 
Also I spake to the priests and to all this people, saying, Thus saith the LORD; Hearken not to the words of your prophets that prophesy unto you, saying, Behold, the vessels of the LORD's house shall now shortly be brought again from Babylon: for
334, go out to battle against their enemy, whithersoever thou shalt send them, and shall pray unto the LORD toward the city which thou hast chosen, and toward the house that I have built for thy name: 
Then hear thou in heaven their prayer and their supplication, and maintain their cause. 
If they sin against thee, (for there is no man 
321,ass, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, Surely it is the king of Israel. And they turned aside to fight against him: and Jehoshaphat cried out. 
And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots perceived that it was not the king of Israel, that they turned back from pursuing him. 
A
288,hence am I: and I went to Bethlehemjudah, but I am now going to the house of the LORD; and there is no man that receiveth me to house. 
Yet there is both straw and provender for our asses; and there is bread and wine also for me, and for thy handmaid, and for the young man which is with 
328, the LORD would put his spirit upon them! 
And Moses gat him into the camp, he and the elders of Israel. 
And there went forth a wind from the LORD, and brought quails from the sea, and let them fall by the camp, as it were a day's journey on this side, and as it were a day's journey on the other side, round about the camp, an
272,ng said, Whoever saith ought unto thee, bring him to me, and he shall not touch thee any more. 
Then said she, I pray thee, let the king remember the LORD thy God, that thou wouldest not suffer the revengers of blood to destroy any more, lest they destroy my son. And he s
356,heaps, and the mountain of the house as the high places of a forest. 
Did Hezekiah king of Judah and all Judah put him at all to death? did he not fear the LORD, and besought the LORD, and the LORD repented him of the evil which he had pronounced against them? Thus might we procure great evil against our souls. 
And there was also a man that prophesied i
261, nailing it to his cross; 
And having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a shew of them openly, triumphing over them in it. 
Let no man therefore judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of an holyday, or of the new moon, or of the sabbath days: 
W
356, for no god of any nation or kingdom was able to deliver his people out of mine hand, and out of the hand of my fathers: how much less shall your God deliver you out of mine hand? 
And his servants spake yet more against the LORD God, and against his servant Hezekiah. 
He wrote also letters to rail on the LORD God of Israel, and to speak against him, say
272, and the hanging for the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, 
And the hangings of the court, and the curtain for the door of the court, which is by the tabernacle, and by the altar round about, and the cords of it for all the service thereof. 
And of Kohath was th
290,But now they break down the carved work thereof at once with axes and hammers. 
They have cast fire into thy sanctuary, they have defiled by casting down the dwelling place of thy name to the ground. 
They said in their hearts, Let us destroy them together: they have burned up all the syna
287,e have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins: 
Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature: 
For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or pr
343,she which travaileth hath brought forth: then the remnant of his brethren shall return unto the children of Israel. 
And he shall stand and feed in the strength of the LORD, in the majesty of the name of the LORD his God; and they shall abide: for now shall he be great unto the ends of the earth. 
And this man shall be the peace, when the As
251,e an herb: and the hand of the LORD shall be known toward his servants, and his indignation toward his enemies. 
For, behold, the LORD will come with fire, and with his chariots like a whirlwind, to render his anger with fury, and his rebuke with flam
246,born of God. 
In this the children of God are manifest, and the children of the devil: whosoever doeth not righteousness is not of God, neither he that loveth not his brother. 
For this is the message that ye heard from the beginning, that we sho
249, the judge, and delivered them out of the hand of their enemies all the days of the judge: for it repented the LORD because of their groanings by reason of them that oppressed them and vexed them. 
And it came to pass, when the judge was dead, that 
309,answered him, The first of all the commandments is, Hear, O Israel; The Lord our God is one Lord: 
And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength: this is the first commandment. 
And the second is like, namely this, Thou shalt 
248,sness which he hath done shall not be remembered; but his blood will I require at thine hand. 
Nevertheless if thou warn the righteous man, that the righteous sin not, and he doth not sin, he shall surely live, because he is warned; also thou hast 
346,ng? 
For ye are our glory and joy. 
Wherefore when we could no longer forbear, we thought it good to be left at Athens alone; 
And sent Timotheus, our brother, and minister of God, and our fellowlabourer in the gospel of Christ, to establish you, and to comfort you concerning your faith: 
That no man should be moved by these afflictions: for yo
344,, I will not hearken unto them. 
Then shall the cities of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem go, and cry unto the gods unto whom they offer incense: but they shall not save them at all in the time of their trouble. 
For according to the number of thy cities were thy gods, O Judah; and according to the number of the streets of Jerusalem have y
355, present, he sent away the people that bare the present. 
But he himself turned again from the quarries that were by Gilgal, and said, I have a secret errand unto thee, O king: who said, Keep silence. And all that stood by him went out from him. 
And Ehud came unto him; and he was sitting in a summer parlour, which he had for himself alone. And Ehud sai
356,Moses called Oshea the son of Nun Jehoshua. 
And Moses sent them to spy out the land of Canaan, and said unto them, Get you up this way southward, and go up into the mountain: 
And see the land, what it is, and the people that dwelleth therein, whether they be strong or weak, few or many; 
And what the land is that they dwell in, whether it be good or ba
318,nd he said, Put thine hand into thy bosom again. And he put his hand into his bosom again; and plucked it out of his bosom, and, behold, it was turned again as his other flesh. 
And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe thee, neither hearken to the voice of the first sign, that they will believe the voice o
314,. 
And Joseph placed his father and his brethren, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land of Rameses, as Pharaoh had commanded. 
And Joseph nourished his father, and his brethren, and all his father's household, with bread, according to their families. 
And there was 
349,f Asa king of Judah began Elah the son of Baasha to reign over Israel in Tirzah, two years. 
And his servant Zimri, captain of half his chariots, conspired against him, as he was in Tirzah, drinking himself drunk in the house of Arza steward of his house in Tirzah. 
And Zimri went in and smote him, and killed him, in the twenty and seventh year of
319,ehearse the righteous acts of the LORD, even the righteous acts toward the inhabitants of his villages in Israel: then shall the people of the LORD go down to the gates. 
Awake, awake, Deborah: awake, awake, utter a song: arise, Barak, and lead thy captivity captive, thou son of Abinoam. 
Then he made him that remaine
343, and oil, and honey, wherewith I fed thee, thou hast even set it before them for a sweet savour: and thus it was, saith the Lord GOD. 
Moreover thou hast taken thy sons and thy daughters, whom thou hast borne unto me, and these hast thou sacrificed unto them to be devoured. Is this of thy whoredoms a small matter, 
That thou hast slain my ch
310,fer the burnt offerings of the LORD, as it is written in the law of Moses, with rejoicing and with singing, as it was ordained by David. 
And he set the porters at the gates of the house of the LORD, that none which was unclean in any thing should enter in. 
And he took the captains of hundreds, and the noble
323,and of Egypt. 
And the magicians of Egypt did so with their enchantments: and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, neither did he hearken unto them; as the LORD had said. 
And Pharaoh turned and went into his house, neither did he set his heart to this also. 
And all the Egyptians digged round about the river for water to drink;
312,terward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, Behold, thou art made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee. 
The man departed, and told the Jews that it was Jesus, which had made him whole. 
And therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done thes
247,s, and shalt eat there, and rejoice before the LORD thy God. 
And thou shalt write upon the stones all the words of this law very plainly. 
And Moses and the priests the Levites spake unto all Israel, saying, Take heed, and hearken, O Israel; this
249,d, and the cave that is therein, were made sure unto Abraham for a possession of a buryingplace by the sons of Heth. 
And Abraham was old, and well stricken in age: and the LORD had blessed Abraham in all things. 
And Abraham said unto his eldest se
334, be well with you. 
As for me, behold, I will dwell at Mizpah, to serve the Chaldeans, which will come unto us: but ye, gather ye wine, and summer fruits, and oil, and put them in your vessels, and dwell in your cities that ye have taken. 
Likewise when all the Jews that were in Moab, and among the Ammonites, and in Edom, and that w
286,r hideth her hideth the wind, and the ointment of his right hand, which bewrayeth itself. 
Iron sharpeneth iron; so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend. 
Whoso keepeth the fig tree shall eat the fruit thereof: so he that waiteth on his master shall be honoured. 
As in water 
344,use of thy servant, that it may be before thee for ever: for thou blessest, O LORD, and it shall be blessed for ever. 
Now after this it came to pass, that David smote the Philistines, and subdued them, and took Gath and her towns out of the hand of the Philistines. 
And he smote Moab; and the Moabites became David's servants, and brought gif
302,nd they stripped him, and put on him a scarlet robe. 
And when they had platted a crown of thorns, they put it upon his head, and a reed in his right hand: and they bowed the knee before him, and mocked him, saying, Hail, King of the Jews! 
And they spit upon him, and took the reed, and smote him on t
316, their enemies. 
But after they had rest, they did evil again before thee: therefore leftest thou them in the land of their enemies, so that they had the dominion over them: yet when they returned, and cried unto thee, thou heardest them from heaven; and many times didst thou deliver them according to thy mercies; 
359,ss, the daughter of Phanuel, of the tribe of Aser: she was of a great age, and had lived with an husband seven years from her virginity; 
And she was a widow of about fourscore and four years, which departed not from the temple, but served God with fastings and prayers night and day. 
And she coming in that instant gave thanks likewise unto the Lord, and sp
256,h a young bullock and seven rams, the same may be a priest of them that are no gods. 
But as for us, the LORD is our God, and we have not forsaken him; and the priests, which minister unto the LORD, are the sons of Aaron, and the Levites wait upon their bu
287,hed. 
For we must needs die, and are as water spilt on the ground, which cannot be gathered up again; neither doth God respect any person: yet doth he devise means, that his banished be not expelled from him. 
Now therefore that I am come to speak of this thing unto my lord the king, it
328,ll I do, that I may have eternal life? 
And he said unto him, Why callest thou me good? there is none good but one, that is, God: but if thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments. 
He saith unto him, Which? Jesus said, Thou shalt do no murder, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear fal
313,ael, saying, Why build ye not me an house of cedar? 
Now therefore so shalt thou say unto my servant David, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I took thee from the sheepcote, from following the sheep, to be ruler over my people, over Israel: 
And I was with thee whithersoever thou wentest, and have cut off all thine 
252,ead, 
The pure candlestick, with the lamps thereof, even with the lamps to be set in order, and all the vessels thereof, and the oil for light, 
And the golden altar, and the anointing oil, and the sweet incense, and the hanging for the tabernacle door
306, shall not prosper, and all their flocks shall be scattered. 
Behold, the noise of the bruit is come, and a great commotion out of the north country, to make the cities of Judah desolate, and a den of dragons. 
O LORD, I know that the way of man is not in himself: it is not in man that walketh to direct h
284,ke to thy disciples that they should cast him out; and they could not. 
He answereth him, and saith, O faithless generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him unto me. 
And they brought him unto him: and when he saw him, straightway the spirit tare 
245,t and with justice from henceforth even for ever. The zeal of the LORD of hosts will perform this. 
The Lord sent a word into Jacob, and it hath lighted upon Israel. 
And all the people shall know, even Ephraim and the inhabitant of Samaria, tha
279,ressed, and they had no comforter; and on the side of their oppressors there was power; but they had no comforter. 
Wherefore I praised the dead which are already dead more than the living which are yet alive. 
Yea, better is he than both they, which hath not yet been, who hath 
277,e a swift witness against the sorcerers, and against the adulterers, and against false swearers, and against those that oppress the hireling in his wages, the widow, and the fatherless, and that turn aside the stranger from his right, and fear not me, saith the LORD of hosts. 
302,efore the king of Judah: 
Because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands; therefore my wrath shall be poured out upon this place, and shall not be quenched. 
And as for the king of Judah, who sent you to enq
241,en an angel in his house, which stood and said unto him, Send men to Joppa, and call for Simon, whose surname is Peter; 
Who shall tell thee words, whereby thou and all thy house shall be saved. 
And as I began to speak, the Holy Ghost fell 
294,bread, neither have ye drunk wine or strong drink: that ye might know that I am the LORD your God. 
And when ye came unto this place, Sihon the king of Heshbon, and Og the king of Bashan, came out against us unto battle, and we smote them: 
And we took their land, and gave it for an inheritanc
325,theless a fountain or pit, wherein there is plenty of water, shall be clean: but that which toucheth their carcase shall be unclean. 
And if any part of their carcase fall upon any sowing seed which is to be sown, it shall be clean. 
But if any water be put upon the seed, and any part of their carcase fall thereon, it shall
272,e, saith the LORD. 
They have belied the LORD, and said, It is not he; neither shall evil come upon us; neither shall we see sword nor famine: 
And the prophets shall become wind, and the word is not in them: thus shall it be done unto them. 
Wherefore thus saith the LORD
313,ip the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him. 
God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. 
The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things. 
Jesus saith unto her,
305,nd no man regarded; 
But ye have set at nought all my counsel, and would none of my reproof: 
I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock when your fear cometh; 
When your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind; when distress and anguish cometh upon you. 
Then shall the
323, of their abundance cast in unto the offerings of God: but she of her penury hath cast in all the living that she had. 
And as some spake of the temple, how it was adorned with goodly stones and gifts, he said, 
As for these things which ye behold, the days will come, in the which there shall not be left one stone upon an
245,at these days should be remembered and kept throughout every generation, every family, every province, and every city; and that these days of Purim should not fail from among the Jews, nor the memorial of them perish from their seed. 
Then Esthe
284,es shall take it down: and when the tabernacle is to be pitched, the Levites shall set it up: and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death. 
And the children of Israel shall pitch their tents, every man by his own camp, and every man by his own standard, throughout their h
359,
And having this confidence, I know that I shall abide and continue with you all for your furtherance and joy of faith; 
That your rejoicing may be more abundant in Jesus Christ for me by my coming to you again. 
Only let your conversation be as it becometh the gospel of Christ: that whether I come and see you, or else be absent, I may hear of your affairs,
294, spake unto Moses, saying, I am the LORD: speak thou unto Pharaoh king of Egypt all that I say unto thee. 
And Moses said before the LORD, Behold, I am of uncircumcised lips, and how shall Pharaoh hearken unto me? 
And the LORD said unto Moses, See, I have made thee a god to Pharaoh: and Aaron
309,. 
The stranger that is within thee shall get up above thee very high; and thou shalt come down very low. 
He shall lend to thee, and thou shalt not lend to him: he shall be the head, and thou shalt be the tail. 
Moreover all these curses shall come upon thee, and shall pursue thee, and overtake thee, till t
275,LORD hath sworn, and will not repent, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchizedek. 
The Lord at thy right hand shall strike through kings in the day of his wrath. 
He shall judge among the heathen, he shall fill the places with the dead bodies; he shall wound t
344,. 
For the grace of God that bringeth salvation hath appeared to all men, 
Teaching us that, denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we should live soberly, righteously, and godly, in this present world; 
Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ; 
Who gave himself for us, that he m
302,ms lifted up their wings, and mounted up from the earth in my sight: when they went out, the wheels also were beside them, and every one stood at the door of the east gate of the LORD's house; and the glory of the God of Israel was over them above. 
This is the living creature that I saw under the God
337,thou camest. 
So he went another way, and returned not by the way that he came to Bethel. 
Now there dwelt an old prophet in Bethel; and his sons came and told him all the works that the man of God had done that day in Bethel: the words which he had spoken unto the king, them they told also to their father. 
And their father said unto 
240,o. 
And now, O Father, glorify thou me with thine own self with the glory which I had with thee before the world was. 
I have manifested thy name unto the men which thou gavest me out of the world: thine they were, and thou gavest them me; 
278,hosen rather than life by all the residue of them that remain of this evil family, which remain in all the places whither I have driven them, saith the LORD of hosts. 
Moreover thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the LORD; Shall they fall, and not arise? shall he turn away, an
310, It is not the manner of the Romans to deliver any man to die, before that he which is accused have the accusers face to face, and have licence to answer for himself concerning the crime laid against him. 
Therefore, when they were come hither, without any delay on the morrow I sat on the judgment seat, and c
349,: and he dwelt in a cave, he and his two daughters. 
And the firstborn said unto the younger, Our father is old, and there is not a man in the earth to come in unto us after the manner of all the earth: 
Come, let us make our father drink wine, and we will lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father. 
And they made their father drink win
268, trust. 
And I thank Christ Jesus our Lord, who hath enabled me, for that he counted me faithful, putting me into the ministry; 
Who was before a blasphemer, and a persecutor, and injurious: but I obtained mercy, because I did it ignorantly in unbelief. 
And the grace
292,altar, he hath abhorred his sanctuary, he hath given up into the hand of the enemy the walls of her palaces; they have made a noise in the house of the LORD, as in the day of a solemn feast. 
The LORD hath purposed to destroy the wall of the daughter of Zion: he hath stretched out a line, he
267,ok up twelve stones out of the midst of Jordan, as the LORD spake unto Joshua, according to the number of the tribes of the children of Israel, and carried them over with them unto the place where they lodged, and laid them down there. 
And Joshua set up twelve stone
296, no secret that they can hide from thee: 
With thy wisdom and with thine understanding thou hast gotten thee riches, and hast gotten gold and silver into thy treasures: 
By thy great wisdom and by thy traffick hast thou increased thy riches, and thine heart is lifted up because of thy riches: 
T
287,ave caused to be carried away from Jerusalem unto Babylon; 
Build ye houses, and dwell in them; and plant gardens, and eat the fruit of them; 
Take ye wives, and beget sons and daughters; and take wives for your sons, and give your daughters to husbands, that they may bear sons and daug
332,hem. 
And, behold, men brought in a bed a man which was taken with a palsy: and they sought means to bring him in, and to lay him before him. 
And when they could not find by what way they might bring him in because of the multitude, they went upon the housetop, and let him down through the tiling with his couch into the midst bef
277,ll grow up out of his place, and he shall build the temple of the LORD: 
Even he shall build the temple of the LORD; and he shall bear the glory, and shall sit and rule upon his throne; and he shall be a priest upon his throne: and the counsel of peace shall be between them bo
310, an Hebrew, one of his brethren. 
And he looked this way and that way, and when he saw that there was no man, he slew the Egyptian, and hid him in the sand. 
And when he went out the second day, behold, two men of the Hebrews strove together: and he said to him that did the wrong, Wherefore smitest thou thy f
331, counsel of the most High: 
Therefore he brought down their heart with labour; they fell down, and there was none to help. 
Then they cried unto the LORD in their trouble, and he saved them out of their distresses. 
He brought them out of darkness and the shadow of death, and brake their bands in sunder. 
Oh that men would praise
295,f Abner; and all the people wept. 
And the king lamented over Abner, and said, Died Abner as a fool dieth? 
Thy hands were not bound, nor thy feet put into fetters: as a man falleth before wicked men, so fellest thou. And all the people wept again over him. 
And when all the people came to caus
279,gs, which they will offer unto the LORD for a burnt offering; 
Ye shall offer at your own will a male without blemish, of the beeves, of the sheep, or of the goats. 
But whatsoever hath a blemish, that shall ye not offer: for it shall not be acceptable for you. 
And whosoever of
277,the wickedness of their endeavours: give them after the work of their hands; render to them their desert. 
Because they regard not the works of the LORD, nor the operation of his hands, he shall destroy them, and not build them up. 
Blessed be the LORD, because he hath heard t
332,cept it be for this one voice, that I cried standing among them, Touching the resurrection of the dead I am called in question by you this day. 
And when Felix heard these things, having more perfect knowledge of that way, he deferred them, and said, When Lysias the chief captain shall come down, I will know the uttermost of your 
306,onounce with an oath, and it be hid from him; when he knoweth of it, then he shall be guilty in one of these. 
And it shall be, when he shall be guilty in one of these things, that he shall confess that he hath sinned in that thing: 
And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD for his sin which
295,r flesh, and will give them an heart of flesh: 
That they may walk in my statutes, and keep mine ordinances, and do them: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God. 
But as for them whose heart walketh after the heart of their detestable things and their abominations, I will recompen
