1000
309,h the blood of innocents; 
They have built also the high places of Baal, to burn their sons with fire for burnt offerings unto Baal, which I commanded not, nor spake it, neither came it into my mind: 
Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that this place shall no more be called Tophet, nor The va
267, hast seen it, thou also shalt be gathered unto thy people, as Aaron thy brother was gathered. 
For ye rebelled against my commandment in the desert of Zin, in the strife of the congregation, to sanctify me at the water before their eyes: that is the water of Meribah
276, a parable spake he not unto them: 
That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying, I will open my mouth in parables; I will utter things which have been kept secret from the foundation of the world. 
Then Jesus sent the multitude away, and went into the h
255,crown thereof, by the two corners of it, upon the two sides thereof, to be places for the staves to bear it withal. 
And he made the staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold. 
And he made the holy anointing oil, and the pure incense of sweet sp
302,ell: for I the LORD dwell among the children of Israel. 
And the chief fathers of the families of the children of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh, of the families of the sons of Joseph, came near, and spake before Moses, and before the princes, the chief fathers of the children of Israe
281,is sores. 
And it came to pass, that the beggar died, and was carried by the angels into Abraham's bosom: the rich man also died, and was buried; 
And in hell he lift up his eyes, being in torments, and seeth Abraham afar off, and Lazarus in his bosom. 
And he cried and said, Fath
341,ph's brother, Jacob sent not with his brethren; for he said, Lest peradventure mischief befall him. 
And the sons of Israel came to buy corn among those that came: for the famine was in the land of Canaan. 
And Joseph was the governor over the land, and he it was that sold to all the people of the land: and Joseph's brethren came, and bowe
317,the LORD is great, and that our Lord is above all gods. 
Whatsoever the LORD pleased, that did he in heaven, and in earth, in the seas, and all deep places. 
He causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth; he maketh lightnings for the rain; he bringeth the wind out of his treasuries. 
Who smote the firs
315, is a slaughter among the people that follow Absalom. 
And he also that is valiant, whose heart is as the heart of a lion, shall utterly melt: for all Israel knoweth that thy father is a mighty man, and they which be with him are valiant men. 
Therefore I counsel that all Israel be generally gathered unto thee, fr
299,u the man that spakest unto the woman? And he said, I am. 
And Manoah said, Now let thy words come to pass. How shall we order the child, and how shall we do unto him? 
And the angel of the LORD said unto Manoah, Of all that I said unto the woman let her beware. 
She may not eat of any thing that c
302,u shalt have wars. 
Then Asa was wroth with the seer, and put him in a prison house; for he was in a rage with him because of this thing. And Asa oppressed some of the people the same time. 
And, behold, the acts of Asa, first and last, lo, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel
354,e understanding according to thy word. 
Let my supplication come before thee: deliver me according to thy word. 
My lips shall utter praise, when thou hast taught me thy statutes. 
My tongue shall speak of thy word: for all thy commandments are righteousness. 
Let thine hand help me; for I have chosen thy precepts. 
I have longed for thy salvation, O L
334,d thee shall they do. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak thou also unto the children of Israel, saying, Verily my sabbaths ye shall keep: for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations; that ye may know that I am the LORD that doth sanctify you. 
Ye shall keep the sabbath therefore; for it is holy unto y
270,s fed themselves, and fed not my flock; 
Therefore, O ye shepherds, hear the word of the LORD; 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against the shepherds; and I will require my flock at their hand, and cause them to cease from feeding the flock; neither shall the shep
297,lain the enmity thereby: 
And came and preached peace to you which were afar off, and to them that were nigh. 
For through him we both have access by one Spirit unto the Father. 
Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellowcitizens with the saints, and of the household of God
320,th the cause of the widow come unto them. 
Therefore saith the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the mighty One of Israel, Ah, I will ease me of mine adversaries, and avenge me of mine enemies: 
And I will turn my hand upon thee, and purely purge away thy dross, and take away all thy tin: 
And I will restore thy judges as at th
255,nto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto Thyatira, and unto Sardis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea. 
And I turned to see the voice that spake with me. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks; 
And in the midst of the seven candlesticks 
256,ou, and to the strangers that sojourn among you, which shall beget children among you: and they shall be unto you as born in the country among the children of Israel; they shall have inheritance with you among the tribes of Israel. 
And it shall come to pa
342,ye brought again that which was driven away, neither have ye sought that which was lost; but with force and with cruelty have ye ruled them. 
And they were scattered, because there is no shepherd: and they became meat to all the beasts of the field, when they were scattered. 
My sheep wandered through all the mountains, and upon every high 
257,d him. 
And Moses told Aaron all the words of the LORD who had sent him, and all the signs which he had commanded him. 
And Moses and Aaron went and gathered together all the elders of the children of Israel: 
And Aaron spake all the words which the LORD ha
301,e Lord. 
Therefore seeing we have this ministry, as we have received mercy, we faint not; 
But have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty, not walking in craftiness, nor handling the word of God deceitfully; but by manifestation of the truth commending ourselves to every man's conscience in the s
301,the city. 
They shall walk after the LORD: he shall roar like a lion: when he shall roar, then the children shall tremble from the west. 
They shall tremble as a bird out of Egypt, and as a dove out of the land of Assyria: and I will place them in their houses, saith the LORD. 
Ephraim compasseth me 
333,e LORD, because he had told them. 
Then said they unto him, What shall we do unto thee, that the sea may be calm unto us? for the sea wrought, and was tempestuous. 
And he said unto them, Take me up, and cast me forth into the sea; so shall the sea be calm unto you: for I know that for my sake this great tempest is upon you. 
Never
258, to truth against them which commit such things. 
And thinkest thou this, O man, that judgest them which do such things, and doest the same, that thou shalt escape the judgment of God? 
Or despisest thou the riches of his goodness and forbearance and longsuf
280,when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus. 
And beholding the man which was healed standing with them, they could say nothing against it. 
B
313, place his name there, the tithe of thy corn, of thy wine, and of thine oil, and the firstlings of thy herds and of thy flocks; that thou mayest learn to fear the LORD thy God always. 
And if the way be too long for thee, so that thou art not able to carry it; or if the place be too far from thee, which the LORD
296,, Come up to me into the mount, and be there: and I will give thee tables of stone, and a law, and commandments which I have written; that thou mayest teach them. 
And Moses rose up, and his minister Joshua: and Moses went up into the mount of God. 
And he said unto the elders, Tarry ye here for
248,ot unto men, but unto God: for no man understandeth him; howbeit in the spirit he speaketh mysteries. 
But he that prophesieth speaketh unto men to edification, and exhortation, and comfort. 
He that speaketh in an unknown tongue edifieth himself; 
281,essing of the upright the city is exalted: but it is overthrown by the mouth of the wicked. 
He that is void of wisdom despiseth his neighbour: but a man of understanding holdeth his peace. 
A talebearer revealeth secrets: but he that is of a faithful spirit concealeth the matter.
260,d begged the body of Jesus. Then Pilate commanded the body to be delivered. 
And when Joseph had taken the body, he wrapped it in a clean linen cloth, 
And laid it in his own new tomb, which he had hewn out in the rock: and he rolled a great stone to the door 
333,ened the days. 
And then if any man shall say to you, Lo, here is Christ; or, lo, he is there; believe him not: 
For false Christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall shew signs and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect. 
But take ye heed: behold, I have foretold you all things. 
But in those days, after that
317, Hezekiah prospered in all his works. 
Howbeit in the business of the ambassadors of the princes of Babylon, who sent unto him to enquire of the wonder that was done in the land, God left him, to try him, that he might know all that was in his heart. 
Now the rest of the acts of Hezekiah, and his goodness, behold, t
268,ted; neither was any thing kept secret, but that it should come abroad. 
If any man have ears to hear, let him hear. 
And he said unto them, Take heed what ye hear: with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you: and unto you that hear shall more be given. 
Fo
341,s of the Gentiles, 
Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith of Jesus Christ, even we have believed in Jesus Christ, that we might be justified by the faith of Christ, and not by the works of the law: for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified. 
But if, while we seek to be justified by Chri
243, her; and she went after the messengers of David, and became his wife. 
David also took Ahinoam of Jezreel; and they were also both of them his wives. 
But Saul had given Michal his daughter, David's wife, to Phalti the son of Laish, which was
265,the children of Judah, Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah: 
Unto whom the prince of the eunuchs gave names: for he gave unto Daniel the name of Belteshazzar; and to Hananiah, of Shadrach; and to Mishael, of Meshach; and to Azariah, of Abednego. 
But Daniel purp
358,f Nethaniah, and found him by the great waters that are in Gibeon. 
Now it came to pass, that when all the people which were with Ishmael saw Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces that were with him, then they were glad. 
So all the people that Ishmael had carried away captive from Mizpah cast about and returned, and went unto Johan
257,en thine hand wide unto him, and shalt surely lend him sufficient for his need, in that which he wanteth. 
Beware that there be not a thought in thy wicked heart, saying, The seventh year, the year of release, is at hand; and thine eye be evil against thy p
253,he land of Goshen, in which my people dwell, that no swarms of flies shall be there; to the end thou mayest know that I am the LORD in the midst of the earth. 
And I will put a division between my people and thy people: to morrow shall this sign be. 
An
287,rom tribe to tribe: for every one of the children of Israel shall keep himself to the inheritance of the tribe of his fathers. 
And every daughter, that possesseth an inheritance in any tribe of the children of Israel, shall be wife unto one of the family of the tribe of her father, tha
325, Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, and begat Lamech. 
And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty and two years, and begat sons and daughters: 
And all the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty and nine years: and he died. 
And Lamech lived an hundred eighty and two years, and bega
306,swer them, and speak good words to them, then they will be thy servants for ever. 
But he forsook the counsel of the old men, which they had given him, and consulted with the young men that were grown up with him, and which stood before him: 
And he said unto them, What counsel give ye that we may answer 
247,. 
The children of Immer, a thousand fifty and two. 
The children of Pashur, a thousand two hundred forty and seven. 
The children of Harim, a thousand and seventeen. 
The Levites: the children of Jeshua and Kadmiel, of the children of Hodaviah, s
321,he land: nevertheless the inhabitants of Bethshemesh and of Bethanath became tributaries unto them. 
And the Amorites forced the children of Dan into the mountain: for they would not suffer them to come down to the valley: 
But the Amorites would dwell in mount Heres in Aijalon, and in Shaalbim: yet the hand of the hous
262,o Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou calledst me. And he said, I called not; lie down again. And he went and lay down. 
And the LORD called yet again, Samuel. And Samuel arose and went to Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou didst call me. And he answered, I calle
298,velled, saying, How soon is the fig tree withered away! 
Jesus answered and said unto them, Verily I say unto you, If ye have faith, and doubt not, ye shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if ye shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; 
293,place; they shall cast them forth with silence. 
Hear this, O ye that swallow up the needy, even to make the poor of the land to fail, 
Saying, When will the new moon be gone, that we may sell corn? and the sabbath, that we may set forth wheat, making the ephah small, and the shekel great, an
284, have pronounced against it, because they have hardened their necks, that they might not hear my words. 
Now Pashur the son of Immer the priest, who was also chief governor in the house of the LORD, heard that Jeremiah prophesied these things. 
Then Pashur smote Jeremiah the prophet,
347, to be furbished, that it may be handled: this sword is sharpened, and it is furbished, to give it into the hand of the slayer. 
Cry and howl, son of man: for it shall be upon my people, it shall be upon all the princes of Israel: terrors by reason of the sword shall be upon my people: smite therefore upon thy thigh. 
Because it is a trial, and 
273,that were found in the house of God with Obededom, and the treasures of the king's house, the hostages also, and returned to Samaria. 
And Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah lived after the death of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel fifteen years. 
Now the rest of t
354,nto idols, eat not for his sake that shewed it, and for conscience sake: for the earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof: 
Conscience, I say, not thine own, but of the other: for why is my liberty judged of another man's conscience? 
For if I by grace be a partaker, why am I evil spoken of for that for which I give thanks? 
Whether therefore ye ea
356,l known; as dying, and, behold, we live; as chastened, and not killed; 
As sorrowful, yet alway rejoicing; as poor, yet making many rich; as having nothing, and yet possessing all things. 
O ye Corinthians, our mouth is open unto you, our heart is enlarged. 
Ye are not straitened in us, but ye are straitened in your own bowels. 
Now for a recompence in t
295,not what it was. 
And the king said unto him, Turn aside, and stand here. And he turned aside, and stood still. 
And, behold, Cushi came; and Cushi said, Tidings, my lord the king: for the LORD hath avenged thee this day of all them that rose up against thee. 
And the king said unto Cushi, Is t
352,he Lord GOD; Because thou hast clapped thine hands, and stamped with the feet, and rejoiced in heart with all thy despite against the land of Israel; 
Behold, therefore I will stretch out mine hand upon thee, and will deliver thee for a spoil to the heathen; and I will cut thee off from the people, and I will cause thee to perish out of the countries
260,is the mediator of the new testament, that by means of death, for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first testament, they which are called might receive the promise of eternal inheritance. 
For where a testament is, there must also of ne
241, king appoint officers in all the provinces of his kingdom, that they may gather together all the fair young virgins unto Shushan the palace, to the house of the women, unto the custody of Hege the king's chamberlain, keeper of the women; an
251,o Chittim; there also shalt thou have no rest. 
Behold the land of the Chaldeans; this people was not, till the Assyrian founded it for them that dwell in the wilderness: they set up the towers thereof, they raised up the palaces thereof; and he broug
307,t hundred forty and five. 
The children of Zaccai, seven hundred and threescore. 
The children of Binnui, six hundred forty and eight. 
The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and eight. 
The children of Azgad, two thousand three hundred twenty and two. 
The children of Adonikam, six hundred threescore a
291,, and the molten images, he brake in pieces, and made dust of them, and strowed it upon the graves of them that had sacrificed unto them. 
And he burnt the bones of the priests upon their altars, and cleansed Judah and Jerusalem. 
And so did he in the cities of Manasseh, and Ephraim, and Si
338,he Lord GOD; Set on a pot, set it on, and also pour water into it: 
Gather the pieces thereof into it, even every good piece, the thigh, and the shoulder; fill it with the choice bones. 
Take the choice of the flock, and burn also the bones under it, and make it boil well, and let them seethe the bones of it therein. 
Wherefore thus sai
340,e the days of Jeshua the son of Nun unto that day had not the children of Israel done so. And there was very great gladness. 
Also day by day, from the first day unto the last day, he read in the book of the law of God. And they kept the feast seven days; and on the eighth day was a solemn assembly, according unto the manner. 
Now in the 
280, him whom thou hast smitten; and they talk to the grief of those whom thou hast wounded. 
Add iniquity unto their iniquity: and let them not come into thy righteousness. 
Let them be blotted out of the book of the living, and not be written with the righteous. 
But I am poor and 
351,h dowry and gift, and I will give according as ye shall say unto me: but give me the damsel to wife. 
And the sons of Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor his father deceitfully, and said, because he had defiled Dinah their sister: 
And they said unto them, We cannot do this thing, to give our sister to one that is uncircumcised; for that were a reproac
265,ready at his hand. 
Trouble and anguish shall make him afraid; they shall prevail against him, as a king ready to the battle. 
For he stretcheth out his hand against God, and strengtheneth himself against the Almighty. 
He runneth upon him, even on his neck, upon t
289,easts, and all his substance, which he had got in the land of Canaan; and went into the country from the face of his brother Jacob. 
For their riches were more than that they might dwell together; and the land wherein they were strangers could not bear them because of their cattle. 
Thus 
299,make this building? 
But the eye of their God was upon the elders of the Jews, that they could not cause them to cease, till the matter came to Darius: and then they returned answer by letter concerning this matter. 
The copy of the letter that Tatnai, governor on this side the river, and Shetharbo
297, and thirty shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary. 
And the silver of them that were numbered of the congregation was an hundred talents, and a thousand seven hundred and threescore and fifteen shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary: 
A bekah for every man, that is, half a shekel, after 
304,the LORD, who shall intreat for him? Notwithstanding they hearkened not unto the voice of their father, because the LORD would slay them. 
And the child Samuel grew on, and was in favour both with the LORD, and also with men. 
And there came a man of God unto Eli, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD,
248,o out quickly into the streets and lanes of the city, and bring in hither the poor, and the maimed, and the halt, and the blind. 
And the servant said, Lord, it is done as thou hast commanded, and yet there is room. 
And the lord said unto the serv
331,od: 
Who covereth the heaven with clouds, who prepareth rain for the earth, who maketh grass to grow upon the mountains. 
He giveth to the beast his food, and to the young ravens which cry. 
He delighteth not in the strength of the horse: he taketh not pleasure in the legs of a man. 
The LORD taketh pleasure in them that fear him
307,ountenance a backbiting tongue. 
It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, than with a brawling woman and in a wide house. 
As cold waters to a thirsty soul, so is good news from a far country. 
A righteous man falling down before the wicked is as a troubled fountain, and a corrupt spring. 
It i
314,n the transgression of an evil man there is a snare: but the righteous doth sing and rejoice. 
The righteous considereth the cause of the poor: but the wicked regardeth not to know it. 
Scornful men bring a city into a snare: but wise men turn away wrath. 
If a wise man contendeth with a foolish man, whether he r
309,and kill the bullock before the LORD. 
And the priest that is anointed shall take of the bullock's blood, and bring it to the tabernacle of the congregation: 
And the priest shall dip his finger in the blood, and sprinkle of the blood seven times before the LORD, before the vail of the sanctuary. 
And the pr
246,e given in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark, and the flood came, and destroyed them all. 
Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded; 
But the same
349,that toucheth the land, and it shall melt, and all that dwell therein shall mourn: and it shall rise up wholly like a flood; and shall be drowned, as by the flood of Egypt. 
It is he that buildeth his stories in the heaven, and hath founded his troop in the earth; he that calleth for the waters of the sea, and poureth them out upon the face of the
284,, thither they return again. 
All things are full of labour; man cannot utter it: the eye is not satisfied with seeing, nor the ear filled with hearing. 
The thing that hath been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done is that which shall be done: and there is no new thing
352,b, Surely I will never forget any of their works. 
Shall not the land tremble for this, and every one mourn that dwelleth therein? and it shall rise up wholly as a flood; and it shall be cast out and drowned, as by the flood of Egypt. 
And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the Lord GOD, that I will cause the sun to go down at noon, and I will 
272, shalt say unto the children of Israel, Ye have seen that I have talked with you from heaven. 
Ye shall not make with me gods of silver, neither shall ye make unto you gods of gold. 
An altar of earth thou shalt make unto me, and shalt sacrifice thereon thy burnt offering
318, Troas. 
And a vision appeared to Paul in the night; There stood a man of Macedonia, and prayed him, saying, Come over into Macedonia, and help us. 
And after he had seen the vision, immediately we endeavoured to go into Macedonia, assuredly gathering that the Lord had called us for to preach the gospel unto them. 
T
260,rael did so as Joshua commanded, and took up twelve stones out of the midst of Jordan, as the LORD spake unto Joshua, according to the number of the tribes of the children of Israel, and carried them over with them unto the place where they lodged, and laid th
296,ll be holy. 
And if it be any unclean beast, of which they do not offer a sacrifice unto the LORD, then he shall present the beast before the priest: 
And the priest shall value it, whether it be good or bad: as thou valuest it, who art the priest, so shall it be. 
But if he will at all redeem i
320, into joy, and will comfort them, and make them rejoice from their sorrow. 
And I will satiate the soul of the priests with fatness, and my people shall be satisfied with my goodness, saith the LORD. 
Thus saith the LORD; A voice was heard in Ramah, lamentation, and bitter weeping; Rahel weeping for her children refuse
284,eople, nations, and languages, that dwell in all the earth; Peace be multiplied unto you. 
I make a decree, That in every dominion of my kingdom men tremble and fear before the God of Daniel: for he is the living God, and stedfast for ever, and his kingdom that which shall not be des
286,love of the Father is not in him. 
For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the Father, but is of the world. 
And the world passeth away, and the lust thereof: but he that doeth the will of God abideth for ever. 
Li
291, err. 
Ye shall have a song, as in the night when a holy solemnity is kept; and gladness of heart, as when one goeth with a pipe to come into the mountain of the LORD, to the mighty One of Israel. 
And the LORD shall cause his glorious voice to be heard, and shall shew the lighting down of 
292,hings? and all the workers of iniquity boast themselves? 
They break in pieces thy people, O LORD, and afflict thine heritage. 
They slay the widow and the stranger, and murder the fatherless. 
Yet they say, The LORD shall not see, neither shall the God of Jacob regard it. 
Understand, ye br
258, this law: 
And that their children, which have not known any thing, may hear, and learn to fear the LORD your God, as long as ye live in the land whither ye go over Jordan to possess it. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, thy days approach that thou mus
346,ss of thy rising. 
Lift up thine eyes round about, and see: all they gather themselves together, they come to thee: thy sons shall come from far, and thy daughters shall be nursed at thy side. 
Then thou shalt see, and flow together, and thine heart shall fear, and be enlarged; because the abundance of the sea shall be converted unto thee, the 
328,eous; therefore wrong judgment proceedeth. 
Behold ye among the heathen, and regard, and wonder marvelously: for I will work a work in your days which ye will not believe, though it be told you. 
For, lo, I raise up the Chaldeans, that bitter and hasty nation, which shall march through the breadth of the land, to possess the d
298,itch your tents in, in fire by night, to shew you by what way ye should go, and in a cloud by day. 
And the LORD heard the voice of your words, and was wroth, and sware, saying, 
Surely there shall not one of these men of this evil generation see that good land, which I sware to give unto your fat
309,st bath. 
The ephah and the bath shall be of one measure, that the bath may contain the tenth part of an homer, and the ephah the tenth part of an homer: the measure thereof shall be after the homer. 
And the shekel shall be twenty gerahs: twenty shekels, five and twenty shekels, fifteen shekels, shall be yo
315,d of two years, his bowels fell out by reason of his sickness: so he died of sore diseases. And his people made no burning for him, like the burning of his fathers. 
Thirty and two years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem eight years, and departed without being desired. Howbeit they bur
337, and come and save us. 
Turn us again, O God, and cause thy face to shine; and we shall be saved. 
O LORD God of hosts, how long wilt thou be angry against the prayer of thy people? 
Thou feedest them with the bread of tears; and givest them tears to drink in great measure. 
Thou makest us a strife unto our neighbours: and our enemies 
313,ove one another. 
And indeed ye do it toward all the brethren which are in all Macedonia: but we beseech you, brethren, that ye increase more and more; 
And that ye study to be quiet, and to do your own business, and to work with your own hands, as we commanded you; 
That ye may walk honestly toward them that ar
345, melody of thy viols. 
But let judgment run down as waters, and righteousness as a mighty stream. 
Have ye offered unto me sacrifices and offerings in the wilderness forty years, O house of Israel? 
But ye have borne the tabernacle of your Moloch and Chiun your images, the star of your god, which ye made to yourselves. 
Therefore will I cause 
332,like the top of a rock. 
It shall be a place for the spreading of nets in the midst of the sea: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD: and it shall become a spoil to the nations. 
And her daughters which are in the field shall be slain by the sword; and they shall know that I am the LORD. 
For thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I
292,them. 
But the righteousness which is of faith speaketh on this wise, Say not in thine heart, Who shall ascend into heaven? (that is, to bring Christ down from above:) 
Or, Who shall descend into the deep? (that is, to bring up Christ again from the dead.) 
But what saith it? The word is nig
245,l it with the king's ring: for the writing which is written in the king's name, and sealed with the king's ring, may no man reverse. 
Then were the king's scribes called at that time in the third month, that is, the month Sivan, on the three and
286, 
And my temptation which was in my flesh ye despised not, nor rejected; but received me as an angel of God, even as Christ Jesus. 
Where is then the blessedness ye spake of? for I bear you record, that, if it had been possible, ye would have plucked out your own eyes, and have given t
360,ou through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ. 
For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily. 
And ye are complete in him, which is the head of all principality and power: 
In whom also ye are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands, in putting off the body 
338,ake unto Moses, saying, I am the LORD: speak thou unto Pharaoh king of Egypt all that I say unto thee. 
And Moses said before the LORD, Behold, I am of uncircumcised lips, and how shall Pharaoh hearken unto me? 
And the LORD said unto Moses, See, I have made thee a god to Pharaoh: and Aaron thy brother shall be thy prophet. 
Thou shalt 
245,s, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The three and twentieth to Mahazioth, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The four and twentieth to Romamtiezer, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve. 
Concerning the divisions of the porters: 
359,e temple in Solomon's porch. 
Then came the Jews round about him, and said unto him, How long dost thou make us to doubt? If thou be the Christ, tell us plainly. 
Jesus answered them, I told you, and ye believed not: the works that I do in my Father's name, they bear witness of me. 
But ye believe not, because ye are not of my sheep, as I said unto you. 
My
294,k was Christ. 
But with many of them God was not well pleased: for they were overthrown in the wilderness. 
Now these things were our examples, to the intent we should not lust after evil things, as they also lusted. 
Neither be ye idolaters, as were some of them; as it is written, The people 
316,nd they perished from among the congregation. 
And all Israel that were round about them fled at the cry of them: for they said, Lest the earth swallow us up also. 
And there came out a fire from the LORD, and consumed the two hundred and fifty men that offered incense. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Spea
343, not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brethren, and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple. 
And whosoever doth not bear his cross, and come after me, cannot be my disciple. 
For which of you, intending to build a tower, sitteth not down first, and counteth the cost, whether he have sufficient to fin
243,d thee his great fire; and thou heardest his words out of the midst of the fire. 
And because he loved thy fathers, therefore he chose their seed after them, and brought thee out in his sight with his mighty power out of Egypt; 
To drive out n
355,or how shall I go up to my father, and the lad be not with me? lest peradventure I see the evil that shall come on my father. 
Then Joseph could not refrain himself before all them that stood by him; and he cried, Cause every man to go out from me. And there stood no man with him, while Joseph made himself known unto his brethren. 
And he wept aloud: an
346,all be destroyed: and who knoweth whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this? 
Then Esther bade them return Mordecai this answer, 
Go, gather together all the Jews that are present in Shushan, and fast ye for me, and neither eat nor drink three days, night or day: I also and my maidens will fast likewise; and so will I go in u
305,, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred seventy and three. 
The children of Immer, a thousand fifty and two. 
The children of Pashur, a thousand two hundred forty and seven. 
The children of Harim, a thousand and seventeen. 
The Levites: the children of Jeshua, of Kadmiel, and of the children of Hodevah, 
281,Caesar. 
Then Agrippa said unto Festus, I would also hear the man myself. To morrow, said he, thou shalt hear him. 
And on the morrow, when Agrippa was come, and Bernice, with great pomp, and was entered into the place of hearing, with the chief captains, and principal men of the 
343,, neither shall thine eyes see all the evil that I will bring upon this place, and upon the inhabitants of the same. So they brought the king word again. 
Then the king sent and gathered together all the elders of Judah and Jerusalem. 
And the king went up into the house of the LORD, and all the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem
268,e, of a sweet savour unto the LORD. 
And on the sabbath day two lambs of the first year without spot, and two tenth deals of flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, and the drink offering thereof: 
This is the burnt offering of every sabbath, beside the continual
281,d the LORD thy God will bring thee into the land which thy fathers possessed, and thou shalt possess it; and he will do thee good, and multiply thee above thy fathers. 
And the LORD thy God will circumcise thine heart, and the heart of thy seed, to love the LORD thy God with all t
309, and to fight our battles. And the people rested themselves upon the words of Hezekiah king of Judah. 
After this did Sennacherib king of Assyria send his servants to Jerusalem, (but he himself laid siege against Lachish, and all his power with him,) unto Hezekiah king of Judah, and unto all Judah that were 
322,hey his counsel: for he shall gather them as the sheaves into the floor. 
Arise and thresh, O daughter of Zion: for I will make thine horn iron, and I will make thy hoofs brass: and thou shalt beat in pieces many people: and I will consecrate their gain unto the LORD, and their substance unto the Lord of the whole earth.
273,ing's house, and delivered them into the hand of his servants: and king Asa sent them to Benhadad, the son of Tabrimon, the son of Hezion, king of Syria, that dwelt at Damascus, saying, 
There is a league between me and thee, and between my father and thy father: behold, I
343,ds, 
The cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office. 
And all the congregation of the children of Israel departed from the presence of Moses. 
And they came, every one whose heart stirred him up, and every one whom his spirit mad
291,raid on every side, and shall drive him to his feet. 
His strength shall be hungerbitten, and destruction shall be ready at his side. 
It shall devour the strength of his skin: even the firstborn of death shall devour his strength. 
His confidence shall be rooted out of his tabernacle, and 
298,, and forget the law, and pervert the judgment of any of the afflicted. 
Give strong drink unto him that is ready to perish, and wine unto those that be of heavy hearts. 
Let him drink, and forget his poverty, and remember his misery no more. 
Open thy mouth for the dumb in the cause of all such a
298,. 
The face of the LORD is against them that do evil, to cut off the remembrance of them from the earth. 
The righteous cry, and the LORD heareth, and delivereth them out of all their troubles. 
The LORD is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart; and saveth such as be of a contrite spirit. 
Man
301,nd thorns against me in battle? I would go through them, I would burn them together. 
Or let him take hold of my strength, that he may make peace with me; and he shall make peace with me. 
He shall cause them that come of Jacob to take root: Israel shall blossom and bud, and fill the face of the worl
279,f the LORD came to him, and he said unto him, What doest thou here, Elijah? 
And he said, I have been very jealous for the LORD God of hosts: for the children of Israel have forsaken thy covenant, thrown down thine altars, and slain thy prophets with the sword; and I, even I onl
312,they were dispersed through the countries: according to their way and according to their doings I judged them. 
And when they entered unto the heathen, whither they went, they profaned my holy name, when they said to them, These are the people of the LORD, and are gone forth out of his land. 
But I had pity for
242,he Syrians, until thou have consumed them. 
And all the prophets prophesied so, saying, Go up to Ramothgilead, and prosper: for the LORD shall deliver it into the king's hand. 
And the messenger that was gone to call Micaiah spake unto him, s
328,nothing in the ark save the two tables of stone, which Moses put there at Horeb, when the LORD made a covenant with the children of Israel, when they came out of the land of Egypt. 
And it came to pass, when the priests were come out of the holy place, that the cloud filled the house of the LORD, 
So that the priests could not
354,e heard, when we were with him in the holy mount. 
We have also a more sure word of prophecy; whereunto ye do well that ye take heed, as unto a light that shineth in a dark place, until the day dawn, and the day star arise in your hearts: 
Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation. 
For the prophecy came not
318,ne mightier than I cometh, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire: 
Whose fan is in his hand, and he will throughly purge his floor, and will gather the wheat into his garner; but the chaff he will burn with fire unquenchable. 
And many other thin
329, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ: 
Who shall be punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord, and from the glory of his power; 
When he shall come to be glorified in his saints, and to be admired in all them that believe (because our testimony among you was believed) in that day. 
Wh
246, the Egyptian's hand was a spear like a weaver's beam; and he went down to him with a staff, and plucked the spear out of the Egyptian's hand, and slew him with his own spear. 
These things did Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and had the name among 
340, unto him? I have reserved to myself seven thousand men, who have not bowed the knee to the image of Baal. 
Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace. 
And if by grace, then is it no more of works: otherwise grace is no more grace. But if it be of works, then it is no more grace: otherwis
296,d, 
And the owl, and the night hawk, and the cuckow, and the hawk after his kind, 
The little owl, and the great owl, and the swan, 
And the pelican, and the gier eagle, and the cormorant, 
And the stork, and the heron after her kind, and the lapwing, and the bat. 
And every creeping thing that 
326,the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou camest forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations. 
Then said I, Ah, Lord GOD! behold, I cannot speak: for I am a child. 
But the LORD said unto me, Say not, I am a child: fo
314, siege: 
Only the trees which thou knowest that they be not trees for meat, thou shalt destroy and cut them down; and thou shalt build bulwarks against the city that maketh war with thee, until it be subdued. 
If one be found slain in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee to possess it, lying in the field, 
346,nd young; and with thee will I break in pieces the young man and the maid; 
I will also break in pieces with thee the shepherd and his flock; and with thee will I break in pieces the husbandman and his yoke of oxen; and with thee will I break in pieces captains and rulers. 
And I will render unto Babylon and to all the inhabitants of Chaldea al
293,from Decapolis, and from Jerusalem, and from Judaea, and from beyond Jordan. 
And seeing the multitudes, he went up into a mountain: and when he was set, his disciples came unto him: 
And he opened his mouth, and taught them, saying, 
Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom 
354, more believed because of his own word; 
And said unto the woman, Now we believe, not because of thy saying: for we have heard him ourselves, and know that this is indeed the Christ, the Saviour of the world. 
Now after two days he departed thence, and went into Galilee. 
For Jesus himself testified, that a prophet hath no honour in his own country. 
T
286,other shall deliver up the brother to death, and the father the child: and the children shall rise up against their parents, and cause them to be put to death. 
And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that endureth to the end shall be saved. 
But when they persecute
351,ht hand. 
Then she said, I desire one small petition of thee; I pray thee, say me not nay. And the king said unto her, Ask on, my mother: for I will not say thee nay. 
And she said, Let Abishag the Shunammite be given to Adonijah thy brother to wife. 
And king Solomon answered and said unto his mother, And why dost thou ask Abishag the Shunammite fo
359,shall stand up yet three kings in Persia; and the fourth shall be far richer than they all: and by his strength through his riches he shall stir up all against the realm of Grecia. 
And a mighty king shall stand up, that shall rule with great dominion, and do according to his will. 
And when he shall stand up, his kingdom shall be broken, and shall be divid
316,. 
For he walked in all the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin, to provoke the LORD God of Israel to anger with their vanities. 
Now the rest of the acts of Omri which he did, and his might that he shewed, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings 
338,ulchre of his father, which was in Bethlehem. And Joab and his men went all night, and they came to Hebron at break of day. 
Now there was long war between the house of Saul and the house of David: but David waxed stronger and stronger, and the house of Saul waxed weaker and weaker. 
And unto David were sons born in Hebron: and his firs
307,t on the morrow Moses went into the tabernacle of witness; and, behold, the rod of Aaron for the house of Levi was budded, and brought forth buds, and bloomed blossoms, and yielded almonds. 
And Moses brought out all the rods from before the LORD unto all the children of Israel: and they looked, and took e
241,osts hath purposed, and who shall disannul it? and his hand is stretched out, and who shall turn it back? 
In the year that king Ahaz died was this burden. 
Rejoice not thou, whole Palestina, because the rod of him that smote thee is broken:
355, receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. 
For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the LORD our God shall call. 
And with many other words did he testify and exhort, saying, Save yourselves from this untoward generation. 
Then they that gladly received his word were baptized: and the same day there wer
284,l the words of this law. 
And it shall come to pass, when all these things are come upon thee, the blessing and the curse, which I have set before thee, and thou shalt call them to mind among all the nations, whither the LORD thy God hath driven thee, 
And shalt return unto the LORD 
336,esus went out, and departed from the temple: and his disciples came to him for to shew him the buildings of the temple. 
And Jesus said unto them, See ye not all these things? verily I say unto you, There shall not be left here one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down. 
And as he sat upon the mount of Olives, the disciple
347,d,) which is in Jerusalem. 
And whosoever remaineth in any place where he sojourneth, let the men of his place help him with silver, and with gold, and with goods, and with beasts, beside the freewill offering for the house of God that is in Jerusalem. 
Then rose up the chief of the fathers of Judah and Benjamin, and the priests, and the Levites
289,men of the place asked him of his wife; and he said, She is my sister: for he feared to say, She is my wife; lest, said he, the men of the place should kill me for Rebekah; because she was fair to look upon. 
And it came to pass, when he had been there a long time, that Abimelech king of 
259, thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the waters beneath the earth: 
Thou shalt not bow down thyself unto them, nor serve them: for I the LORD thy God am a jealous God, vis
253,s there and all her company: his graves are about him: all of them slain, fallen by the sword: 
Whose graves are set in the sides of the pit, and her company is round about her grave: all of them slain, fallen by the sword, which caused terror in the la
258,em, What will ye give me, and I will deliver him unto you? And they covenanted with him for thirty pieces of silver. 
And from that time he sought opportunity to betray him. 
Now the first day of the feast of unleavened bread the disciples came to Jesus, say
278, twenty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah. 
And he did that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD, according to all that Jehoiakim had done. 
For through the anger of
309,arth. 
The wicked are estranged from the womb: they go astray as soon as they be born, speaking lies. 
Their poison is like the poison of a serpent: they are like the deaf adder that stoppeth her ear; 
Which will not hearken to the voice of charmers, charming never so wisely. 
Break their teeth, O God, in th
244,Joshua the son of Nun, and the chief fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel: 
And Moses said unto them, If the children of Gad and the children of Reuben will pass with you over Jordan, every man armed to battle, before the LORD, and t
322, Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras. 
And the sons of Gomer; Ashkenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah. 
And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim. 
By these were the isles of the Gentiles divided in their lands; every one after his tongue, after their families, in their nations. 
And the sons of 
335,m to death. 
In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah came this word unto Jeremiah from the LORD, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD to me; Make thee bonds and yokes, and put them upon thy neck, 
And send them to the king of Edom, and to the king of Moab, and to the king of the Ammonites, and to the king o
300,l make a consumption, even determined, in the midst of all the land. 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD of hosts, O my people that dwellest in Zion, be not afraid of the Assyrian: he shall smite thee with a rod, and shall lift up his staff against thee, after the manner of Egypt. 
For yet a very lit
295, a goat, thou shalt not redeem; they are holy: thou shalt sprinkle their blood upon the altar, and shalt burn their fat for an offering made by fire, for a sweet savour unto the LORD. 
And the flesh of them shall be thine, as the wave breast and as the right shoulder are thine. 
All the heave o
257,om the ends of the earth; he maketh lightnings with rain, and bringeth forth the wind out of his treasures. 
Every man is brutish in his knowledge: every founder is confounded by the graven image: for his molten image is falsehood, and there is no breath in
340,ods, saying, How did these nations serve their gods? even so will I do likewise. 
Thou shalt not do so unto the LORD thy God: for every abomination to the LORD, which he hateth, have they done unto their gods; for even their sons and their daughters they have burnt in the fire to their gods. 
What thing soever I command you, observe to do
263, a cottage in a vineyard, as a lodge in a garden of cucumbers, as a besieged city. 
Except the LORD of hosts had left unto us a very small remnant, we should have been as Sodom, and we should have been like unto Gomorrah. 
Hear the word of the LORD, ye rulers of 
312,rn righteousness: in the land of uprightness will he deal unjustly, and will not behold the majesty of the LORD. 
LORD, when thy hand is lifted up, they will not see: but they shall see, and be ashamed for their envy at the people; yea, the fire of thine enemies shall devour them. 
LORD, thou wilt ordain peace 
318,s brought into the tabernacle of the congregation to reconcile withal in the holy place, shall be eaten: it shall be burnt in the fire. 
Likewise this is the law of the trespass offering: it is most holy. 
In the place where they kill the burnt offering shall they kill the trespass offering: and the blood thereof sha
281,ut the power. 
For the kingdom of God is not in word, but in power. 
What will ye? shall I come unto you with a rod, or in love, and in the spirit of meekness? 
It is reported commonly that there is fornication among you, and such fornication as is not so much as named among the G
336,them that were slain. 
Then Ishmael carried away captive all the residue of the people that were in Mizpah, even the king's daughters, and all the people that remained in Mizpah, whom Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard had committed to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam: and Ishmael the son of Nethaniah carried them away captive, and depart
260,y it he being dead yet speaketh. 
By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death; and was not found, because God had translated him: for before his translation he had this testimony, that he pleased God. 
But without faith it is impossible to pleas
331, brethren, (for I speak to them that know the law,) how that the law hath dominion over a man as long as he liveth? 
For the woman which hath an husband is bound by the law to her husband so long as he liveth; but if the husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband. 
So then if, while her husband liveth, she be marr
330,n with an oath of cursing, and the priest shall say unto the woman, The LORD make thee a curse and an oath among thy people, when the LORD doth make thy thigh to rot, and thy belly to swell; 
And this water that causeth the curse shall go into thy bowels, to make thy belly to swell, and thy thigh to rot: And the woman shall say,
357,as Joktan. 
And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah, 
Hadoram also, and Uzal, and Diklah, 
And Ebal, and Abimael, and Sheba, 
And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab. All these were the sons of Joktan. 
Shem, Arphaxad, Shelah, 
Eber, Peleg, Reu, 
Serug, Nahor, Terah, 
Abram; the same is Abraham. 
The sons of Abraham; Isaac, and Ishmael
289, and lay in sackcloth, and went softly. 
And the word of the LORD came to Elijah the Tishbite, saying, 
Seest thou how Ahab humbleth himself before me? because he humbleth himself before me, I will not bring the evil in his days: but in his son's days will I bring the evil upon his house.
293,bes of the children of Israel shall keep himself to his own inheritance. 
Even as the LORD commanded Moses, so did the daughters of Zelophehad: 
For Mahlah, Tirzah, and Hoglah, and Milcah, and Noah, the daughters of Zelophehad, were married unto their fathers brothers' sons: 
And they were ma
257,old, they are written in the story of the book of the kings. And Amaziah his son reigned in his stead. 
Amaziah was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned twenty and nine years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jehoaddan of J
336,:) 
That he should still live for ever, and not see corruption. 
For he seeth that wise men die, likewise the fool and the brutish person perish, and leave their wealth to others. 
Their inward thought is, that their houses shall continue for ever, and their dwelling places to all generations; they call their lands after their own nam
326,ous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear? 
Wherefore let them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him in well doing, as unto a faithful Creator. 
The elders which are among you I exhort, who am also an elder, and a witness of the sufferings of Christ, and 
272,od-ward: 
Not that we are sufficient of ourselves to think any thing as of ourselves; but our sufficiency is of God; 
Who also hath made us able ministers of the new testament; not of the letter, but of the spirit: for the letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life. 
But 
356, and come; for the Philistines have invaded the land. 
Wherefore Saul returned from pursuing after David, and went against the Philistines: therefore they called that place Selahammahlekoth. 
And David went up from thence, and dwelt in strong holds at Engedi. 
And it came to pass, when Saul was returned from following the Philistines, that it was told hi
291,ith honey out of the rock should I have satisfied thee. 
God standeth in the congregation of the mighty; he judgeth among the gods. 
How long will ye judge unjustly, and accept the persons of the wicked? Selah. 
Defend the poor and fatherless: do justice to the afflicted and needy. 
Deliver
276,n now, and take your rest: it is enough, the hour is come; behold, the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners. 
Rise up, let us go; lo, he that betrayeth me is at hand. 
And immediately, while he yet spake, cometh Judas, one of the twelve, and with him a great multi
249,r altars, and break their pillars, and burn their groves with fire; and ye shall hew down the graven images of their gods, and destroy the names of them out of that place. 
Ye shall not do so unto the LORD your God. 
But unto the place which the LOR
317,ld his father and his mother, and said, I have seen a woman in Timnath of the daughters of the Philistines: now therefore get her for me to wife. 
Then his father and his mother said unto him, Is there never a woman among the daughters of thy brethren, or among all my people, that thou goest to take a wife of the un
282,ation, and came out, and blessed the people: and the glory of the LORD appeared unto all the people. 
And there came a fire out from before the LORD, and consumed upon the altar the burnt offering and the fat: which when all the people saw, they shouted, and fell on their faces. 
A
250,. 
The beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into perdition: and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world, when t
275,ne hand, that I may plant the heavens, and lay the foundations of the earth, and say unto Zion, Thou art my people. 
Awake, awake, stand up, O Jerusalem, which hast drunk at the hand of the LORD the cup of his fury; thou hast drunken the dregs of the cup of trembling, and wr
355,mong the nations. 
Who can count the dust of Jacob, and the number of the fourth part of Israel? Let me die the death of the righteous, and let my last end be like his! 
And Balak said unto Balaam, What hast thou done unto me? I took thee to curse mine enemies, and, behold, thou hast blessed them altogether. 
And he answered and said, Must I not take he
313,w there was there nigh unto the mountains a great herd of swine feeding. 
And all the devils besought him, saying, Send us into the swine, that we may enter into them. 
And forthwith Jesus gave them leave. And the unclean spirits went out, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place
260,forth into the plain: and, behold, the glory of the LORD stood there, as the glory which I saw by the river of Chebar: and I fell on my face. 
Then the spirit entered into me, and set me upon my feet, and spake with me, and said unto me, Go, shut thyself withi
337,out. He that hath ears to hear, let him hear. 
Then drew near unto him all the publicans and sinners for to hear him. 
And the Pharisees and scribes murmured, saying, This man receiveth sinners, and eateth with them. 
And he spake this parable unto them, saying, 
What man of you, having an hundred sheep, if he lose one of them, doth no
300,laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in the inn. 
And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night. 
And, lo, the angel of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them: and they were sore afrai
292, a virgin, so shall thy sons marry thee: and as the bridegroom rejoiceth over the bride, so shall thy God rejoice over thee. 
I have set watchmen upon thy walls, O Jerusalem, which shall never hold their peace day nor night: ye that make mention of the LORD, keep not silence, 
And give him n
277,s for flocks. 
Moreover he provided him cities, and possessions of flocks and herds in abundance: for God had given him substance very much. 
This same Hezekiah also stopped the upper watercourse of Gihon, and brought it straight down to the west side of the city of David. And
241, with all their heart and with all their soul, there shall not fail thee (said he) a man on the throne of Israel. 
Moreover thou knowest also what Joab the son of Zeruiah did to me, and what he did to the two captains of the hosts of Israel,
321, put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. 
Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven. 
Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil. 
Fo
281,ul eyed David from that day and forward. 
And it came to pass on the morrow, that the evil spirit from God came upon Saul, and he prophesied in the midst of the house: and David played with his hand, as at other times: and there was a javelin in Saul's hand. 
And Saul cast the jav
272, the half that pertained unto the congregation was three hundred thousand and thirty thousand and seven thousand and five hundred sheep, 
And thirty and six thousand beeves, 
And thirty thousand asses and five hundred, 
And sixteen thousand persons;) 
Even of the children
345,the dead shall be his own. 
If a man shall steal an ox, or a sheep, and kill it, or sell it; he shall restore five oxen for an ox, and four sheep for a sheep. 
If a thief be found breaking up, and be smitten that he die, there shall no blood be shed for him. 
If the sun be risen upon him, there shall be blood shed for him; for he should make f
307, beheld the countenance of Laban, and, behold, it was not toward him as before. 
And the LORD said unto Jacob, Return unto the land of thy fathers, and to thy kindred; and I will be with thee. 
And Jacob sent and called Rachel and Leah to the field unto his flock, 
And said unto them, I see your father's c
356,me written, KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS. 
And I saw an angel standing in the sun; and he cried with a loud voice, saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of heaven, Come and gather yourselves together unto the supper of the great God; 
That ye may eat the flesh of kings, and the flesh of captains, and the flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of 
280,f whom the greater part remain unto this present, but some are fallen asleep. 
After that, he was seen of James; then of all the apostles. 
And last of all he was seen of me also, as of one born out of due time. 
For I am the least of the apostles, that am not meet to be called a
327,eived the spirit of bondage again to fear; but ye have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father. 
The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God: 
And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be al
243,red out the gift of the Holy Ghost. 
For they heard them speak with tongues, and magnify God. Then answered Peter, 
Can any man forbid water, that these should not be baptized, which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we? 
And he commande
258,the Holy One of Israel; In returning and rest shall ye be saved; in quietness and in confidence shall be your strength: and ye would not. 
But ye said, No; for we will flee upon horses; therefore shall ye flee: and, We will ride upon the swift; therefore sha
315,th the devil, and had the legion, sitting, and clothed, and in his right mind: and they were afraid. 
And they that saw it told them how it befell to him that was possessed with the devil, and also concerning the swine. 
And they began to pray him to depart out of their coasts. 
And when he was come into the ship,
332,aughter: for they shall bury in Tophet, till there be no place. 
And the carcases of this people shall be meat for the fowls of the heaven, and for the beasts of the earth; and none shall fray them away. 
Then will I cause to cease from the cities of Judah, and from the streets of Jerusalem, the voice of mirth, and the voice of gl
248,ther thou all the congregation together unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And Moses did as the LORD commanded him; and the assembly was gathered together unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And Moses said unto 
311, will tell you by what authority I do these things. 
The baptism of John, whence was it? from heaven, or of men? And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say unto us, Why did ye not then believe him? 
But if we shall say, Of men; we fear the people; for all hold John as 
258,e LORD is right; and all his works are done in truth. 
He loveth righteousness and judgment: the earth is full of the goodness of the LORD. 
By the word of the LORD were the heavens made; and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth. 
He gathereth the
348,, because I tell you the truth? 
They zealously affect you, but not well; yea, they would exclude you, that ye might affect them. 
But it is good to be zealously affected always in a good thing, and not only when I am present with you. 
My little children, of whom I travail in birth again until Christ be formed in you, 
I desire to be present wit
305, the bond of the covenant: 
And I will purge out from among you the rebels, and them that transgress against me: I will bring them forth out of the country where they sojourn, and they shall not enter into the land of Israel: and ye shall know that I am the LORD. 
As for you, O house of Israel, thus sait
276,f the nations were scattered. 
And your spoil shall be gathered like the gathering of the caterpiller: as the running to and fro of locusts shall he run upon them. 
The LORD is exalted; for he dwelleth on high: he hath filled Zion with judgment and righteousness. 
And wisdom 
261,hecy against me: for Tobiah and Sanballat had hired him. 
Therefore was he hired, that I should be afraid, and do so, and sin, and that they might have matter for an evil report, that they might reproach me. 
My God, think thou upon Tobiah and Sanballat accordi
356,earth, saith the LORD of hosts. 
Therefore prophesy thou against them all these words, and say unto them, The LORD shall roar from on high, and utter his voice from his holy habitation; he shall mightily roar upon his habitation; he shall give a shout, as they that tread the grapes, against all the inhabitants of the earth. 
A noise shall come even to th
288,man taketh up: they shall every man turn to his own people, and flee every one into his own land. 
Every one that is found shall be thrust through; and every one that is joined unto them shall fall by the sword. 
Their children also shall be dashed to pieces before their eyes; their hous
315,life. 
Your fathers did eat manna in the wilderness, and are dead. 
This is the bread which cometh down from heaven, that a man may eat thereof, and not die. 
I am the living bread which came down from heaven: if any man eat of this bread, he shall live for ever: and the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I
292,and the man who was raised up on high, the anointed of the God of Jacob, and the sweet psalmist of Israel, said, 
The Spirit of the LORD spake by me, and his word was in my tongue. 
The God of Israel said, the Rock of Israel spake to me, He that ruleth over men must be just, ruling in the fe
303, Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world: 
But now in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ. 
For he is our peace, who hath made both one, and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us; 
H
351,were gone away unto the city to buy meat.) 
Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans. 
Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou woulde
350,est, that they may minister unto him. 
And they shall keep his charge, and the charge of the whole congregation before the tabernacle of the congregation, to do the service of the tabernacle. 
And they shall keep all the instruments of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the charge of the children of Israel, to do the service of the tabernacle.
346,unto thee, saying, Come hither, that I may send thee to the king, to say, Wherefore am I come from Geshur? it had been good for me to have been there still: now therefore let me see the king's face; and if there be any iniquity in me, let him kill me. 
So Joab came to the king, and told him: and when he had called for Absalom, he came to the ki
351,haniah had done, 
Then they took all the men, and went to fight with Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and found him by the great waters that are in Gibeon. 
Now it came to pass, that when all the people which were with Ishmael saw Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces that were with him, then they were glad. 
So all the people t
286,ause it cometh: and every heart shall melt, and all hands shall be feeble, and every spirit shall faint, and all knees shall be weak as water: behold, it cometh, and shall be brought to pass, saith the Lord GOD. 
Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, prophesy, a
340,save Keilah. 
And David's men said unto him, Behold, we be afraid here in Judah: how much more then if we come to Keilah against the armies of the Philistines? 
Then David enquired of the LORD yet again. And the LORD answered him and said, Arise, go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into thine hand. 
So David and his men 
315, 
But there came a messenger unto Saul, saying, Haste thee, and come; for the Philistines have invaded the land. 
Wherefore Saul returned from pursuing after David, and went against the Philistines: therefore they called that place Selahammahlekoth. 
And David went up from thence, and dwelt in strong holds at Enge
344,id unto Moses, Take thee Joshua the son of Nun, a man in whom is the spirit, and lay thine hand upon him; 
And set him before Eleazar the priest, and before all the congregation; and give him a charge in their sight. 
And thou shalt put some of thine honour upon him, that all the congregation of the children of Israel may be obedient. 
And he
267, done, and what they had taught. 
And he said unto them, Come ye yourselves apart into a desert place, and rest a while: for there were many coming and going, and they had no leisure so much as to eat. 
And they departed into a desert place by ship privately. 
And th
267,And whatsoever mine eyes desired I kept not from them, I withheld not my heart from any joy; for my heart rejoiced in all my labour: and this was my portion of all my labour. 
Then I looked on all the works that my hands had wrought, and on the labour that I had labo
280,ffliction: LORD, I have called daily upon thee, I have stretched out my hands unto thee. 
Wilt thou shew wonders to the dead? shall the dead arise and praise thee? Selah. 
Shall thy lovingkindness be declared in the grave? or thy faithfulness in destruction? 
Shall thy wonders be
286, 
But I wrought for my name's sake, that it should not be polluted before the heathen, in whose sight I brought them out. 
Yet also I lifted up my hand unto them in the wilderness, that I would not bring them into the land which I had given them, flowing with milk and honey, which is t
285,ere. 
Then he called for a light, and sprang in, and came trembling, and fell down before Paul and Silas, 
And brought them out, and said, Sirs, what must I do to be saved? 
And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house. 
And they spake unto h
357,ure itself teach you, that, if a man have long hair, it is a shame unto him? 
But if a woman have long hair, it is a glory to her: for her hair is given her for a covering. 
But if any man seem to be contentious, we have no such custom, neither the churches of God. 
Now in this that I declare unto you I praise you not, that ye come together not for the be
343,th done shall not be mentioned: in his trespass that he hath trespassed, and in his sin that he hath sinned, in them shall he die. 
Yet ye say, The way of the LORD is not equal. Hear now, O house of Israel; Is not my way equal? are not your ways unequal? 
When a righteous man turneth away from his righteousness, and committeth iniquity, and 
334, one of his fellowservants, which owed him an hundred pence: and he laid hands on him, and took him by the throat, saying, Pay me that thou owest. 
And his fellowservant fell down at his feet, and besought him, saying, Have patience with me, and I will pay thee all. 
And he would not: but went and cast him into prison, till he shoul
290,ts, and those that ride in them; and the horses and their riders shall come down, every one by the sword of his brother. 
In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, will I take thee, O Zerubbabel, my servant, the son of Shealtiel, saith the LORD, and will make thee as a signet: for I have chose
339,f his life, which God giveth him under the sun. 
When I applied mine heart to know wisdom, and to see the business that is done upon the earth: (for also there is that neither day nor night seeth sleep with his eyes:) 
Then I beheld all the work of God, that a man cannot find out the work that is done under the sun: because though a man 
345,were joined together in the vale of Siddim, which is the salt sea. 
Twelve years they served Chedorlaomer, and in the thirteenth year they rebelled. 
And in the fourteenth year came Chedorlaomer, and the kings that were with him, and smote the Rephaims in Ashteroth Karnaim, and the Zuzims in Ham, and the Emins in Shaveh Kiriathaim, 
And the Ho
331,came to pass, as he was alone praying, his disciples were with him: and he asked them, saying, Whom say the people that I am? 
They answering said, John the Baptist; but some say, Elias; and others say, that one of the old prophets is risen again. 
He said unto them, But whom say ye that I am? Peter answering said, The Christ of 
333,n the LORD carried away Judah and Jerusalem by the hand of Nebuchadnezzar. 
The sons of Levi; Gershom, Kohath, and Merari. 
And these be the names of the sons of Gershom; Libni, and Shimei. 
And the sons of Kohath were, Amram, and Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel. 
The sons of Merari; Mahli, and Mushi. And these are the families of th
275, Geshurites and Maachathites, and all mount Hermon, and all Bashan unto Salcah; 
All the kingdom of Og in Bashan, which reigned in Ashtaroth and in Edrei, who remained of the remnant of the giants: for these did Moses smite, and cast them out. 
Nevertheless the children of I
278,ven blood shall pursue thee. 
Thus will I make mount Seir most desolate, and cut off from it him that passeth out and him that returneth. 
And I will fill his mountains with his slain men: in thy hills, and in thy valleys, and in all thy rivers, shall they fall that are slain w
338, he abode, and laid him upon his own bed. 
And he cried unto the LORD, and said, O LORD my God, hast thou also brought evil upon the widow with whom I sojourn, by slaying her son? 
And he stretched himself upon the child three times, and cried unto the LORD, and said, O LORD my God, I pray thee, let this child's soul come into him again
340, sea toward Capernaum. And it was now dark, and Jesus was not come to them. 
And the sea arose by reason of a great wind that blew. 
So when they had rowed about five and twenty or thirty furlongs, they see Jesus walking on the sea, and drawing nigh unto the ship: and they were afraid. 
But he saith unto them, It is I; be not afraid. 
The
294,unto all the people. 
And there came a fire out from before the LORD, and consumed upon the altar the burnt offering and the fat: which when all the people saw, they shouted, and fell on their faces. 
And Nadab and Abihu, the sons of Aaron, took either of them his censer, and put fire therein,
299,shall go on to Ziphron, and the goings out of it shall be at Hazarenan: this shall be your north border. 
And ye shall point out your east border from Hazarenan to Shepham: 
And the coast shall go down from Shepham to Riblah, on the east side of Ain; and the border shall descend, and shall reach un
258,r than Solomon is here. 
When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest, and findeth none. 
Then he saith, I will return into my house from whence I came out; and when he is come, he findeth it empty, swept, and gar
281,l not be upon you to destroy you, when I smite the land of Egypt. 
And this day shall be unto you for a memorial; and ye shall keep it a feast to the LORD throughout your generations; ye shall keep it a feast by an ordinance for ever. 
Seven days shall ye eat unleavened bread; eve
292,rom the mouth of Jeremiah all the words of the book which Jehoiakim king of Judah had burned in the fire: and there were added besides unto them many like words. 
And king Zedekiah the son of Josiah reigned instead of Coniah the son of Jehoiakim, whom Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon made king
345,d I unto the world. 
For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision, but a new creature. 
And as many as walk according to this rule, peace be on them, and mercy, and upon the Israel of God. 
From henceforth let no man trouble me: for I bear in my body the marks of the Lord Jesus. 
Brethren, the grace of our Lo
297,id she, hath appointed me another seed instead of Abel, whom Cain slew. 
And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his name Enos: then began men to call upon the name of the LORD. 
This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man, in the likeness of 
289, king shall be king to them all: and they shall be no more two nations, neither shall they be divided into two kingdoms any more at all. 
Neither shall they defile themselves any more with their idols, nor with their detestable things, nor with any of their transgressions: but I will save
341,essed are they that dwell in thy house: they will be still praising thee. Selah. 
Blessed is the man whose strength is in thee; in whose heart are the ways of them. 
Who passing through the valley of Baca make it a well; the rain also filleth the pools. 
They go from strength to strength, every one of them in Zion appeareth before God. 
O 
306,ORD, and have mercy upon me: LORD, be thou my helper. 
Thou hast turned for me my mourning into dancing: thou hast put off my sackcloth, and girded me with gladness; 
To the end that my glory may sing praise to thee, and not be silent. O LORD my God, I will give thanks unto thee for ever. 
In thee, O LORD
245,, It is vain to serve God: and what profit is it that we have kept his ordinance, and that we have walked mournfully before the LORD of hosts? 
And now we call the proud happy; yea, they that work wickedness are set up; yea, they that tempt God 
262,er than all herbs, and shooteth out great branches; so that the fowls of the air may lodge under the shadow of it. 
And with many such parables spake he the word unto them, as they were able to hear it. 
But without a parable spake he not unto them: and when the
357,rpent? 
Or if he shall ask an egg, will he offer him a scorpion? 
If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children: how much more shall your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him? 
And he was casting out a devil, and it was dumb. And it came to pass, when the devil was gone out, the dumb spake; and the people wond
240,lesh is unclean: it is a leprosy. 
Or if the raw flesh turn again, and be changed unto white, he shall come unto the priest; 
And the priest shall see him: and, behold, if the plague be turned into white; then the priest shall pronounce him
337,hey cast lots; and his lot came out northward. 
To Obededom southward; and to his sons the house of Asuppim. 
To Shuppim and Hosah the lot came forth westward, with the gate Shallecheth, by the causeway of the going up, ward against ward. 
Eastward were six Levites, northward four a day, southward four a day, and toward Asuppim two and
280,e of the fig tree; When his branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh: 
So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors. 
Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass, till all these things be 
270,that ye use this proverb concerning the land of Israel, saying, The fathers have eaten sour grapes, and the children's teeth are set on edge? 
As I live, saith the Lord GOD, ye shall not have occasion any more to use this proverb in Israel. 
Behold, all souls are mine; 
280,nd they sacrificed sacrifices unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings unto the LORD, on the morrow after that day, even a thousand bullocks, a thousand rams, and a thousand lambs, with their drink offerings, and sacrifices in abundance for all Israel: 
And did eat and drink be
263,nce of the king's house. 
And when the king entered into the house of the LORD, the guard came and fetched them, and brought them again into the guard chamber. 
And when he humbled himself, the wrath of the LORD turned from him, that he would not destroy him alto
333,ithout the law is manifested, being witnessed by the law and the prophets; 
Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe: for there is no difference: 
For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God; 
Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that i
285,h the whole lump? 
Purge out therefore the old leaven, that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us: 
Therefore let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness; but with the unleavened b
251,e unto him, saying, I am the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob? 
He is not the God of the dead, but the God of the living: ye therefore do greatly err. 
And one of the scribes came, and having heard them reasoning together, an
262,LORD, saying, The LORD be between me and thee, and between my seed and thy seed for ever. And he arose and departed: and Jonathan went into the city. 
Then came David to Nob to Ahimelech the priest: and Ahimelech was afraid at the meeting of David, and said unto
349,ood by them in shining garments: 
And as they were afraid, and bowed down their faces to the earth, they said unto them, Why seek ye the living among the dead? 
He is not here, but is risen: remember how he spake unto you when he was yet in Galilee, 
Saying, The Son of man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men, and be crucified, and the t
276,hty shall be taken away, and the prey of the terrible shall be delivered: for I will contend with him that contendeth with thee, and I will save thy children. 
And I will feed them that oppress thee with their own flesh; and they shall be drunken with their own blood, as with
314,nted. 
Save thy people, and bless thine inheritance: feed them also, and lift them up for ever. 
Give unto the LORD, O ye mighty, give unto the LORD glory and strength. 
Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name; worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness. 
The voice of the LORD is upon the waters: the God o
274,d I love them exceedingly. 
I have kept thy precepts and thy testimonies: for all my ways are before thee. 
Let my cry come near before thee, O LORD: give me understanding according to thy word. 
Let my supplication come before thee: deliver me according to thy word. 
My li
353,So he came near where I stood: and when he came, I was afraid, and fell upon my face: but he said unto me, Understand, O son of man: for at the time of the end shall be the vision. 
Now as he was speaking with me, I was in a deep sleep on my face toward the ground: but he touched me, and set me upright. 
And he said, Behold, I will make thee know what
337,hael. 
Of the tribe of Naphtali, Nahbi the son of Vophsi. 
Of the tribe of Gad, Geuel the son of Machi. 
These are the names of the men which Moses sent to spy out the land. And Moses called Oshea the son of Nun Jehoshua. 
And Moses sent them to spy out the land of Canaan, and said unto them, Get you up this way southward, and go up in
306,, Ye shall utterly destroy every male, and every woman that hath lain by man. 
And they found among the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead four hundred young virgins, that had known no man by lying with any male: and they brought them unto the camp to Shiloh, which is in the land of Canaan. 
And the whole congre
243,corner; and he went the way to her house, 
In the twilight, in the evening, in the black and dark night: 
And, behold, there met him a woman with the attire of an harlot, and subtil of heart. 
(She is loud and stubborn; her feet abide not in h
253, among the people. 
And there came in two men, children of Belial, and sat before him: and the men of Belial witnessed against him, even against Naboth, in the presence of the people, saying, Naboth did blaspheme God and the king. Then they carried him 
356,e fathers of the children of Israel, unto Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the city of David, which is Zion. 
Wherefore all the men of Israel assembled themselves unto the king in the feast which was in the seventh month. 
And all the elders of Israel came; and the Levites took up the ark. 
And they brought up the ark, an
262,as for the king of Judah, who sent you to enquire of the LORD, so shall ye say unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel concerning the words which thou hast heard; 
Because thine heart was tender, and thou didst humble thyself before God, when thou heardest h
346,uses in the rocks; 
The locusts have no king, yet go they forth all of them by bands; 
The spider taketh hold with her hands, and is in kings' palaces. 
There be three things which go well, yea, four are comely in going: 
A lion which is strongest among beasts, and turneth not away for any; 
A greyhound; an he goat also; and a king, against who
244,er hunger. 
He that keepeth the commandment keepeth his own soul; but he that despiseth his ways shall die. 
He that hath pity upon the poor lendeth unto the LORD; and that which he hath given will he pay him again. 
Chasten thy son while there
253,s come, and Bernice, with great pomp, and was entered into the place of hearing, with the chief captains, and principal men of the city, at Festus' commandment Paul was brought forth. 
And Festus said, King Agrippa, and all men which are here present wi
313,s, where are they? and the prophets, do they live for ever? 
But my words and my statutes, which I commanded my servants the prophets, did they not take hold of your fathers? and they returned and said, Like as the LORD of hosts thought to do unto us, according to our ways, and according to our doings, so hath h
348,r Baal? will ye save him? he that will plead for him, let him be put to death whilst it is yet morning: if he be a god, let him plead for himself, because one hath cast down his altar. 
Therefore on that day he called him Jerubbaal, saying, Let Baal plead against him, because he hath thrown down his altar. 
Then all the Midianites and the Amaleki
278,h Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up. 
Then the princes, the governors, and captains, the judges, the treasurers, the counsellors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces, were gathered together unto the dedication of the image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up;
267,against the LORD's anointed: but, I pray thee, take thou now the spear that is at his bolster, and the cruse of water, and let us go. 
So David took the spear and the cruse of water from Saul's bolster; and they gat them away, and no man saw it, nor knew it, neither 
304,ve power on her head because of the angels. 
Nevertheless neither is the man without the woman, neither the woman without the man, in the Lord. 
For as the woman is of the man, even so is the man also by the woman; but all things of God. 
Judge in yourselves: is it comely that a woman pray unto God unco
300,s, as he spake these things, a certain woman of the company lifted up her voice, and said unto him, Blessed is the womb that bare thee, and the paps which thou hast sucked. 
But he said, Yea rather, blessed are they that hear the word of God, and keep it. 
And when the people were gathered thick tog
242, to abide there still. 
Paul also and Barnabas continued in Antioch, teaching and preaching the word of the Lord, with many others also. 
And some days after Paul said unto Barnabas, Let us go again and visit our brethren in every city where 
352,t the end of three days after they had made a league with them, that they heard that they were their neighbours, and that they dwelt among them. 
And the children of Israel journeyed, and came unto their cities on the third day. Now their cities were Gibeon, and Chephirah, and Beeroth, and Kirjathjearim. 
And the children of Israel smote them not, be
291,thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water. 
The woman saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep: from whence then hast thou that living water? 

293, that is purposed upon the whole earth: and this is the hand that is stretched out upon all the nations. 
For the LORD of hosts hath purposed, and who shall disannul it? and his hand is stretched out, and who shall turn it back? 
In the year that king Ahaz died was this burden. 
Rejoice not t
330, seafaring men, the renowned city, which wast strong in the sea, she and her inhabitants, which cause their terror to be on all that haunt it! 
Now shall the isles tremble in the day of thy fall; yea, the isles that are in the sea shall be troubled at thy departure. 
For thus saith the Lord GOD; When I shall make thee a desolate
299,tutes, and do that which is lawful and right, he shall surely live, he shall not die. 
All his transgressions that he hath committed, they shall not be mentioned unto him: in his righteousness that he hath done he shall live. 
Have I any pleasure at all that the wicked should die? saith the Lord GO
338,hy fear, thy confidence, thy hope, and the uprightness of thy ways? 
Remember, I pray thee, who ever perished, being innocent? or where were the righteous cut off? 
Even as I have seen, they that plow iniquity, and sow wickedness, reap the same. 
By the blast of God they perish, and by the breath of his nostrils are they consumed. 
The 
347, All men cannot receive this saying, save they to whom it is given. 
For there are some eunuchs, which were so born from their mother's womb: and there are some eunuchs, which were made eunuchs of men: and there be eunuchs, which have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven's sake. He that is able to receive it, let him receive it. 
Th
256,me? And he blessed him there. 
And Jacob called the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved. 
And as he passed over Penuel the sun rose upon him, and he halted upon his thigh. 
Therefore the children of Israel e
268,ing? 
Notwithstanding the king's word prevailed against Joab, and against the captains of the host. And Joab and the captains of the host went out from the presence of the king, to number the people of Israel. 
And they passed over Jordan, and pitched in Aroer, on the
306,ypt: 
And I will deliver them to be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth for their hurt, to be a reproach and a proverb, a taunt and a curse, in all places whither I shall drive them. 
And I will send the sword, the famine, and the pestilence, among them, till they be consumed from off the land that
301,rom the tabernacle, then after that the children of Israel journeyed: and in the place where the cloud abode, there the children of Israel pitched their tents. 
At the commandment of the LORD the children of Israel journeyed, and at the commandment of the LORD they pitched: as long as the cloud abode
278,is in the sea, and thy path in the great waters, and thy footsteps are not known. 
Thou leddest thy people like a flock by the hand of Moses and Aaron. 
Give ear, O my people, to my law: incline your ears to the words of my mouth. 
I will open my mouth in a parable: I will utte
308,which are with him, have a matter against any man, the law is open, and there are deputies: let them implead one another. 
But if ye enquire any thing concerning other matters, it shall be determined in a lawful assembly. 
For we are in danger to be called in question for this day's uproar, there being no c
300, foreknowledge of God the Father, through sanctification of the Spirit, unto obedience and sprinkling of the blood of Jesus Christ: Grace unto you, and peace, be multiplied. 
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which according to his abundant mercy hath begotten us again unto a l
251,ent up unto them into the ship; and the wind ceased: and they were sore amazed in themselves beyond measure, and wondered. 
For they considered not the miracle of the loaves: for their heart was hardened. 
And when they had passed over, they came into
314,neither shall ye eat any flesh that is torn of beasts in the field; ye shall cast it to the dogs. 
Thou shalt not raise a false report: put not thine hand with the wicked to be an unrighteous witness. 
Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil; neither shalt thou speak in a cause to decline after many to wrest
311,ait upon their business: 
And they burn unto the LORD every morning and every evening burnt sacrifices and sweet incense: the shewbread also set they in order upon the pure table; and the candlestick of gold with the lamps thereof, to burn every evening: for we keep the charge of the LORD our God; but ye have 
267,o run down like rivers. 
And they sinned yet more against him by provoking the most High in the wilderness. 
And they tempted God in their heart by asking meat for their lust. 
Yea, they spake against God; they said, Can God furnish a table in the wilderness? 
Behold
250,rgat his works, and his wonders that he had shewed them. 
Marvellous things did he in the sight of their fathers, in the land of Egypt, in the field of Zoan. 
He divided the sea, and caused them to pass through; and he made the waters to stand as an 
354,er in law saw what she had gleaned: and she brought forth, and gave to her that she had reserved after she was sufficed. 
And her mother in law said unto her, Where hast thou gleaned to day? and where wroughtest thou? blessed be he that did take knowledge of thee. And she shewed her mother in law with whom she had wrought, and said, The man's name with
349,nd the three eldest sons of Jesse went and followed Saul to the battle: and the names of his three sons that went to the battle were Eliab the firstborn, and next unto him Abinadab, and the third Shammah. 
And David was the youngest: and the three eldest followed Saul. 
But David went and returned from Saul to feed his father's sheep at Bethlehem.
294,ow the chariots, and those that ride in them; and the horses and their riders shall come down, every one by the sword of his brother. 
In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, will I take thee, O Zerubbabel, my servant, the son of Shealtiel, saith the LORD, and will make thee as a signet: for I h
343,face against the daughters of thy people, which prophesy out of their own heart; and prophesy thou against them, 
And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe to the women that sew pillows to all armholes, and make kerchiefs upon the head of every stature to hunt souls! Will ye hunt the souls of my people, and will ye save the souls alive that come
276,nsider, and incline thine ear; forget also thine own people, and thy father's house; 
So shall the king greatly desire thy beauty: for he is thy Lord; and worship thou him. 
And the daughter of Tyre shall be there with a gift; even the rich among the people shall intreat thy 
310,the prince shall enter, he shall go in by the way of the porch of that gate, and he shall go forth by the way thereof. 
But when the people of the land shall come before the LORD in the solemn feasts, he that entereth in by the way of the north gate to worship shall go out by the way of the south gate; and he
266,herefore he cometh not unto the king's table. 
Then Saul's anger was kindled against Jonathan, and he said unto him, Thou son of the perverse rebellious woman, do not I know that thou hast chosen the son of Jesse to thine own confusion, and unto the confusion of thy
267,s? and who gave thee this authority to do these things? 
And Jesus answered and said unto them, I will also ask of you one question, and answer me, and I will tell you by what authority I do these things. 
The baptism of John, was it from heaven, or of men? answer me
280,es: also the king of Babylon slew all the nobles of Judah. 
Moreover he put out Zedekiah's eyes, and bound him with chains, to carry him to Babylon. 
And the Chaldeans burned the king's house, and the houses of the people, with fire, and brake down the walls of Jerusalem. 
Then N
259,that did shake kingdoms; 
That made the world as a wilderness, and destroyed the cities thereof; that opened not the house of his prisoners? 
All the kings of the nations, even all of them, lie in glory, every one in his own house. 
But thou art cast out of t
252, tables of stone like unto the first, and come up unto me into the mount, and make thee an ark of wood. 
And I will write on the tables the words that were in the first tables which thou brakest, and thou shalt put them in the ark. 
And I made an ark o
343,r blasphemy; and because that thou, being a man, makest thyself God. 
Jesus answered them, Is it not written in your law, I said, Ye are gods? 
If he called them gods, unto whom the word of God came, and the scripture cannot be broken; 
Say ye of him, whom the Father hath sanctified, and sent into the world, Thou blasphemest; because I said,
303,his was the offering of Nethaneel the son of Zuar. 
On the third day Eliab the son of Helon, prince of the children of Zebulun, did offer: 
His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; b
241,eth travail, to gather and to heap up, that he may give to him that is good before God. This also is vanity and vexation of spirit. 
To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven: 
A time to be born, and a ti
327,he land from Sela to the wilderness, unto the mount of the daughter of Zion. 
For it shall be, that, as a wandering bird cast out of the nest, so the daughters of Moab shall be at the fords of Arnon. 
Take counsel, execute judgment; make thy shadow as the night in the midst of the noonday; hide the outcasts; bewray not him th
358,ndments which I command you this day, that ye may be strong, and go in and possess the land, whither ye go to possess it; 
And that ye may prolong your days in the land, which the LORD sware unto your fathers to give unto them and to their seed, a land that floweth with milk and honey. 
For the land, whither thou goest in to possess it, is not as the land 
261,n. 
Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need. 
For every high priest taken from among men is ordained for men in things pertaining to God, that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices
321,is their help and their shield. 
O house of Aaron, trust in the LORD: he is their help and their shield. 
Ye that fear the LORD, trust in the LORD: he is their help and their shield. 
The LORD hath been mindful of us: he will bless us; he will bless the house of Israel; he will bless the house of Aaron. 
He will bless t
292, came to pass at the end of two months, that she returned unto her father, who did with her according to his vow which he had vowed: and she knew no man. And it was a custom in Israel, 
That the daughters of Israel went yearly to lament the daughter of Jephthah the Gileadite four days in a y
296,te the men of the city, both small and great, and they had emerods in their secret parts. 
Therefore they sent the ark of God to Ekron. And it came to pass, as the ark of God came to Ekron, that the Ekronites cried out, saying, They have brought about the ark of the God of Israel to us, to slay 
346,sed from the dead dieth no more; death hath no more dominion over him. 
For in that he died, he died unto sin once: but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God. 
Likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body, that ye should obey it 
342, are the thousands of Manasseh. 
And of Zebulun he said, Rejoice, Zebulun, in thy going out; and, Issachar, in thy tents. 
They shall call the people unto the mountain; there they shall offer sacrifices of righteousness: for they shall suck of the abundance of the seas, and of treasures hid in the sand. 
And of Gad he said, Blessed be he th
287, the Levite that is within thy gates; thou shalt not forsake him; for he hath no part nor inheritance with thee. 
At the end of three years thou shalt bring forth all the tithe of thine increase the same year, and shalt lay it up within thy gates: 
And the Levite, (because he hath no pa
288,much as thou sawest that the stone was cut out of the mountain without hands, and that it brake in pieces the iron, the brass, the clay, the silver, and the gold; the great God hath made known to the king what shall come to pass hereafter: and the dream is certain, and the interpretation
285, turned back, they shall fall and perish at thy presence. 
For thou hast maintained my right and my cause; thou satest in the throne judging right. 
Thou hast rebuked the heathen, thou hast destroyed the wicked, thou hast put out their name for ever and ever. 
O thou enemy, destructio
337,alt keep and perform; even a freewill offering, according as thou hast vowed unto the LORD thy God, which thou hast promised with thy mouth. 
When thou comest into thy neighbour's vineyard, then thou mayest eat grapes thy fill at thine own pleasure; but thou shalt not put any in thy vessel. 
When thou comest into the standing corn of t
337,all nations from thenceforth. 
In those days Hezekiah was sick to the death, and prayed unto the LORD: and he spake unto him, and he gave him a sign. 
But Hezekiah rendered not again according to the benefit done unto him; for his heart was lifted up: therefore there was wrath upon him, and upon Judah and Jerusalem. 
Notwithstanding He
294,en Jesse made Shammah to pass by. And he said, Neither hath the LORD chosen this. 
Again, Jesse made seven of his sons to pass before Samuel. And Samuel said unto Jesse, The LORD hath not chosen these. 
And Samuel said unto Jesse, Are here all thy children? And he said, There remaineth yet the
282,s coat of many colours that was on him; 
And they took him, and cast him into a pit: and the pit was empty, there was no water in it. 
And they sat down to eat bread: and they lifted up their eyes and looked, and, behold, a company of Ishmeelites came from Gilead with their camels 
280,e another;) 
In the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ according to my gospel. 
Behold, thou art called a Jew, and restest in the law, and makest thy boast of God, 
And knowest his will, and approvest the things that are more excellent, being instructed o
248,s given unto him a great sword. 
And when he had opened the third seal, I heard the third beast say, Come and see. And I beheld, and lo a black horse; and he that sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand. 
And I heard a voice in the midst of t
270,in Jerusalem: 
But did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, like unto the abominations of the heathen, whom the LORD had cast out before the children of Israel. 
For he built again the high places which Hezekiah his father had broken down, and he reared up alta
324,keep the law: but if thou be a breaker of the law, thy circumcision is made uncircumcision. 
Therefore if the uncircumcision keep the righteousness of the law, shall not his uncircumcision be counted for circumcision? 
And shall not uncircumcision which is by nature, if it fulfil the law, judge thee, who by the letter and 
256,s the firstborn; put thy right hand upon his head. 
And his father refused, and said, I know it, my son, I know it: he also shall become a people, and he also shall be great: but truly his younger brother shall be greater than he, and his seed shall become
356, in the audience of all the people he said unto his disciples, 
Beware of the scribes, which desire to walk in long robes, and love greetings in the markets, and the highest seats in the synagogues, and the chief rooms at feasts; 
Which devour widows' houses, and for a shew make long prayers: the same shall receive greater damnation. 
And he looked up, a
254,even till thou come to Minnith, even twenty cities, and unto the plain of the vineyards, with a very great slaughter. Thus the children of Ammon were subdued before the children of Israel. 
And Jephthah came to Mizpeh unto his house, and, behold, his dau
349,chel and Leah to the field unto his flock, 
And said unto them, I see your father's countenance, that it is not toward me as before; but the God of my father hath been with me. 
And ye know that with all my power I have served your father. 
And your father hath deceived me, and changed my wages ten times; but God suffered him not to hurt me. 
If h
294,dulteries, Will they now commit whoredoms with her, and she with them? 
Yet they went in unto her, as they go in unto a woman that playeth the harlot: so went they in unto Aholah and unto Aholibah, the lewd women. 
And the righteous men, they shall judge them after the manner of adulteresses, 
306,e waters of Jordan from before you, until ye were passed over, as the LORD your God did to the Red sea, which he dried up from before us, until we were gone over: 
That all the people of the earth might know the hand of the LORD, that it is mighty: that ye might fear the LORD your God for ever. 
And it ca
241, Babylon. 
And when he was in affliction, he besought the LORD his God, and humbled himself greatly before the God of his fathers, 
And prayed unto him: and he was intreated of him, and heard his supplication, and brought him again to Jerusa
320,eventy and two. 
The children of Arah, six hundred fifty and two. 
The children of Pahathmoab, of the children of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand and eight hundred and eighteen. 
The children of Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four. 
The children of Zattu, eight hundred forty and five. 
The children of Zaccai, sev
318,it. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will yet for this be enquired of by the house of Israel, to do it for them; I will increase them with men like a flock. 
As the holy flock, as the flock of Jerusalem in her solemn feasts; so shall the waste cities be filled with flocks of men: and they shall know that I am the LORD. 
T
358, mighty power, to help the king against the enemy. 
And Uzziah prepared for them throughout all the host shields, and spears, and helmets, and habergeons, and bows, and slings to cast stones. 
And he made in Jerusalem engines, invented by cunning men, to be on the towers and upon the bulwarks, to shoot arrows and great stones withal. And his name spread fa
277,ight hawk, and the cuckow, and the hawk after his kind, 
And the little owl, and the cormorant, and the great owl, 
And the swan, and the pelican, and the gier eagle, 
And the stork, the heron after her kind, and the lapwing, and the bat. 
All fowls that creep, going upon all 
339,Let him drink, and forget his poverty, and remember his misery no more. 
Open thy mouth for the dumb in the cause of all such as are appointed to destruction. 
Open thy mouth, judge righteously, and plead the cause of the poor and needy. 
Who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far above rubies. 
The heart of her husband doth saf
349,u hast shewed unto thy servant; for with my staff I passed over this Jordan; and now I am become two bands. 
Deliver me, I pray thee, from the hand of my brother, from the hand of Esau: for I fear him, lest he will come and smite me, and the mother with the children. 
And thou saidst, I will surely do thee good, and make thy seed as the sand of th
264,htly, and worketh righteousness, and speaketh the truth in his heart. 
He that backbiteth not with his tongue, nor doeth evil to his neighbour, nor taketh up a reproach against his neighbour. 
In whose eyes a vile person is contemned; but he honoureth them that fe
287,and afar off. 
They also that seek after my life lay snares for me: and they that seek my hurt speak mischievous things, and imagine deceits all the day long. 
But I, as a deaf man, heard not; and I was as a dumb man that openeth not his mouth. 
Thus I was as a man that heareth not, and
311,my heart are enlarged: O bring thou me out of my distresses. 
Look upon mine affliction and my pain; and forgive all my sins. 
Consider mine enemies; for they are many; and they hate me with cruel hatred. 
O keep my soul, and deliver me: let me not be ashamed; for I put my trust in thee. 
Let integrity and upr
273,a man for you, and let him come down to me. 
If he be able to fight with me, and to kill me, then will we be your servants: but if I prevail against him, and kill him, then shall ye be our servants, and serve us. 
And the Philistine said, I defy the armies of Israel this d
317,: hear, and your soul shall live; and I will make an everlasting covenant with you, even the sure mercies of David. 
Behold, I have given him for a witness to the people, a leader and commander to the people. 
Behold, thou shalt call a nation that thou knowest not, and nations that knew not thee shall run unto thee 
349,charge thee, come out of him, and enter no more into him. 
And the spirit cried, and rent him sore, and came out of him: and he was as one dead; insomuch that many said, He is dead. 
But Jesus took him by the hand, and lifted him up; and he arose. 
And when he was come into the house, his disciples asked him privately, Why could not we cast him ou
314, before Ahab to the entrance of Jezreel. 
And Ahab told Jezebel all that Elijah had done, and withal how he had slain all the prophets with the sword. 
Then Jezebel sent a messenger unto Elijah, saying, So let the gods do to me, and more also, if I make not thy life as the life of one of them by to morrow about t
250,rns of unicorns: with them he shall push the people together to the ends of the earth: and they are the ten thousands of Ephraim, and they are the thousands of Manasseh. 
And of Zebulun he said, Rejoice, Zebulun, in thy going out; and, Issachar, in t
356, surely heard Ephraim bemoaning himself thus; Thou hast chastised me, and I was chastised, as a bullock unaccustomed to the yoke: turn thou me, and I shall be turned; for thou art the LORD my God. 
Surely after that I was turned, I repented; and after that I was instructed, I smote upon my thigh: I was ashamed, yea, even confounded, because I did bear th
280,red me, nor laid it to thy heart? have not I held my peace even of old, and thou fearest me not? 
I will declare thy righteousness, and thy works; for they shall not profit thee. 
When thou criest, let thy companies deliver thee; but the wind shall carry them all away; vanity sha
290,ly, shall one say, in the LORD have I righteousness and strength: even to him shall men come; and all that are incensed against him shall be ashamed. 
In the LORD shall all the seed of Israel be justified, and shall glory. 
Bel boweth down, Nebo stoopeth, their idols were upon the beasts, 
282,ght up to her seven green withs which had not been dried, and she bound him with them. 
Now there were men lying in wait, abiding with her in the chamber. And she said unto him, The Philistines be upon thee, Samson. And he brake the withs, as a thread of tow is broken when it touch
281,ite; Because that Shemaiah hath prophesied unto you, and I sent him not, and he caused you to trust in a lie: 
Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will punish Shemaiah the Nehelamite, and his seed: he shall not have a man to dwell among this people; neither shall he behold th
357,ve been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets. 
Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are the children of them which killed the prophets. 
Fill ye up then the measure of your fathers. 
Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape the damnation of hell? 
Wherefore, behold, I send unto you prophets, and wise men, and scrib
306,ter: for he uncovereth his near kin: they shall bear their iniquity. 
And if a man shall lie with his uncle's wife, he hath uncovered his uncle's nakedness: they shall bear their sin; they shall die childless. 
And if a man shall take his brother's wife, it is an unclean thing: he hath uncovered his broth
276,shall be to him that is homeborn, and unto the stranger that sojourneth among you. 
Thus did all the children of Israel; as the LORD commanded Moses and Aaron, so did they. 
And it came to pass the selfsame day, that the LORD did bring the children of Israel out of the land o
274,pass the same night, that the word of God came to Nathan, saying, 
Go and tell David my servant, Thus saith the LORD, Thou shalt not build me an house to dwell in: 
For I have not dwelt in an house since the day that I brought up Israel unto this day; but have gone from ten
348,me: forasmuch as before him innocency was found in me; and also before thee, O king, have I done no hurt. 
Then was the king exceedingly glad for him, and commanded that they should take Daniel up out of the den. So Daniel was taken up out of the den, and no manner of hurt was found upon him, because he believed in his God. 
And the king commande
359,to him in the sight of all Israel, Be strong and of a good courage: for thou must go with this people unto the land which the LORD hath sworn unto their fathers to give them; and thou shalt cause them to inherit it. 
And the LORD, he it is that doth go before thee; he will be with thee, he will not fail thee, neither forsake thee: fear not, neither be disma
352,not to go up to Jerusalem. 
Then Paul answered, What mean ye to weep and to break mine heart? for I am ready not to be bound only, but also to die at Jerusalem for the name of the Lord Jesus. 
And when he would not be persuaded, we ceased, saying, The will of the Lord be done. 
And after those days we took up our carriages, and went up to Jerusalem. 
339, handmaid a man child, then I will give him unto the LORD all the days of his life, and there shall no razor come upon his head. 
And it came to pass, as she continued praying before the LORD, that Eli marked her mouth. 
Now Hannah, she spake in her heart; only her lips moved, but her voice was not heard: therefore Eli thought she had be
290,d as many as touched were made perfectly whole. 
Then came to Jesus scribes and Pharisees, which were of Jerusalem, saying, 
Why do thy disciples transgress the tradition of the elders? for they wash not their hands when they eat bread. 
But he answered and said unto them, Why do ye also t
354,f Achaia, and that they have addicted themselves to the ministry of the saints,) 
That ye submit yourselves unto such, and to every one that helpeth with us, and laboureth. 
I am glad of the coming of Stephanas and Fortunatus and Achaicus: for that which was lacking on your part they have supplied. 
For they have refreshed my spirit and your's: therefo
253,s, until Samuel the prophet. 
And afterward they desired a king: and God gave unto them Saul the son of Cis, a man of the tribe of Benjamin, by the space of forty years. 
And when he had removed him, he raised up unto them David to be their king; to who
342,m found of them that sought me not: I said, Behold me, behold me, unto a nation that was not called by my name. 
I have spread out my hands all the day unto a rebellious people, which walketh in a way that was not good, after their own thoughts; 
A people that provoketh me to anger continually to my face; that sacrificeth in gardens, and bu
304, were eyewitnesses of his majesty. 
For he received from God the Father honour and glory, when there came such a voice to him from the excellent glory, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased. 
And this voice which came from heaven we heard, when we were with him in the holy mount. 
We have al
323, and their little children. 
And Moses said, Hereby ye shall know that the LORD hath sent me to do all these works; for I have not done them of mine own mind. 
If these men die the common death of all men, or if they be visited after the visitation of all men; then the LORD hath not sent me. 
But if the LORD make a new th
349, Spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father. 
The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God: 
And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together. 
For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not wor
245, unto thee with all their heart, and with all their soul, in the land of their enemies, which led them away captive, and pray unto thee toward their land, which thou gavest unto their fathers, the city which thou hast chosen, and the house which
293,nt Jacob. 
And they shall dwell safely therein, and shall build houses, and plant vineyards; yea, they shall dwell with confidence, when I have executed judgments upon all those that despise them round about them; and they shall know that I am the LORD their God. 
In the tenth year, in the te
240, that man and his house. 
Thus shall ye say every one to his neighbour, and every one to his brother, What hath the LORD answered? and, What hath the LORD spoken? 
And the burden of the LORD shall ye mention no more: for every man's word sh
311,vest I will say to the reapers, Gather ye together first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them: but gather the wheat into my barn. 
Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is like to a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and sowed in his field: 
Which indeed is the
354,te toward the east, and the tower that lieth out. 
After them the Tekoites repaired another piece, over against the great tower that lieth out, even unto the wall of Ophel. 
From above the horse gate repaired the priests, every one over against his house. 
After them repaired Zadok the son of Immer over against his house. After him repaired also Shemai
320,o Egypt again with ships, by the way whereof I spake unto thee, Thou shalt see it no more again: and there ye shall be sold unto your enemies for bondmen and bondwomen, and no man shall buy you. 
These are the words of the covenant, which the LORD commanded Moses to make with the children of Israel in the land of Moab,
260, east to Gittahhepher, to Ittahkazin, and goeth out to Remmonmethoar to Neah; 
And the border compasseth it on the north side to Hannathon: and the outgoings thereof are in the valley of Jiphthahel: 
And Kattath, and Nahallal, and Shimron, and Idalah, and Beth
338,nt all the palaces thereof with fire, and destroyed all the goodly vessels thereof. 
And them that had escaped from the sword carried he away to Babylon; where they were servants to him and his sons until the reign of the kingdom of Persia: 
To fulfil the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah, until the land had enjoyed her sabbaths
322, speaketh constantly. 
A wicked man hardeneth his face: but as for the upright, he directeth his way. 
There is no wisdom nor understanding nor counsel against the LORD. 
The horse is prepared against the day of battle: but safety is of the LORD. 
A GOOD name is rather to be chosen than great riches, and loving favour ra
322,Tyre and Sidon, which came to hear him, and to be healed of their diseases; 
And they that were vexed with unclean spirits: and they were healed. 
And the whole multitude sought to touch him: for there went virtue out of him, and healed them all. 
And he lifted up his eyes on his disciples, and said, Blessed be ye poor: 
359,er, the ravens of the valley shall pick it out, and the young eagles shall eat it. 
There be three things which are too wonderful for me, yea, four which I know not: 
The way of an eagle in the air; the way of a serpent upon a rock; the way of a ship in the midst of the sea; and the way of a man with a maid. 
Such is the way of an adulterous woman; she eate
335,g of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah went up to Ramothgilead. 
And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, I will disguise myself, and I will go to the battle; but put thou on thy robes. So the king of Israel disguised himself; and they went to the battle. 
Now the king of Syria had commanded the captains of the chariots t
300,e for us: for thou also hast wrought all our works in us. 
O LORD our God, other lords beside thee have had dominion over us: but by thee only will we make mention of thy name. 
They are dead, they shall not live; they are deceased, they shall not rise: therefore hast thou visited and destroyed them
282,thee and thy houses, that they may remain in the river only? 
And he said, To morrow. And he said, Be it according to thy word: that thou mayest know that there is none like unto the LORD our God. 
And the frogs shall depart from thee, and from thy houses, and from thy servants, an
326,kness and unprofitableness thereof. 
For the law made nothing perfect, but the bringing in of a better hope did; by the which we draw nigh unto God. 
And inasmuch as not without an oath he was made priest: 
(For those priests were made without an oath; but this with an oath by him that said unto him, The Lord sware and will 
327,ich of you convinceth me of sin? And if I say the truth, why do ye not believe me? 
He that is of God heareth God's words: ye therefore hear them not, because ye are not of God. 
Then answered the Jews, and said unto him, Say we not well that thou art a Samaritan, and hast a devil? 
Jesus answered, I have not a devil; but I h
317,f Jerusalem did him honour at his death. And Manasseh his son reigned in his stead. 
Manasseh was twelve years old when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty and five years in Jerusalem: 
But did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, like unto the abominations of the heathen, whom the LORD had cast out bef
282,ire; it is fret inward, whether it be bare within or without. 
And if the priest look, and, behold, the plague be somewhat dark after the washing of it; then he shall rend it out of the garment, or out of the skin, or out of the warp, or out of the woof: 
And if it appear still in 
258,ne eyes. 
And Jacob rose up from Beersheba: and the sons of Israel carried Jacob their father, and their little ones, and their wives, in the wagons which Pharaoh had sent to carry him. 
And they took their cattle, and their goods, which they had gotten in t
292,ave none inheritance in the son of Jesse: every man to your tents, O Israel: and now, David, see to thine own house. So all Israel went to their tents. 
But as for the children of Israel that dwelt in the cities of Judah, Rehoboam reigned over them. 
Then king Rehoboam sent Hadoram that was 
353,will bring distress upon men, that they shall walk like blind men, because they have sinned against the LORD: and their blood shall be poured out as dust, and their flesh as the dung. 
Neither their silver nor their gold shall be able to deliver them in the day of the LORD's wrath; but the whole land shall be devoured by the fire of his jealousy: for 
306,sin upon them. 
And the LORD plagued the people, because they made the calf, which Aaron made. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Depart, and go up hence, thou and the people which thou hast brought up out of the land of Egypt, unto the land which I sware unto Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, saying, Unto thy
354,ruler of Mizpah, another piece over against the going up to the armoury at the turning of the wall. 
After him Baruch the son of Zabbai earnestly repaired the other piece, from the turning of the wall unto the door of the house of Eliashib the high priest. 
After him repaired Meremoth the son of Urijah the son of Koz another piece, from the door of the
282,sabbath days. 
And they were astonished at his doctrine: for his word was with power. 
And in the synagogue there was a man, which had a spirit of an unclean devil, and cried out with a loud voice, 
Saying, Let us alone; what have we to do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazareth? art tho
342,up with him to bury his father, after he had buried his father. 
And when Joseph's brethren saw that their father was dead, they said, Joseph will peradventure hate us, and will certainly requite us all the evil which we did unto him. 
And they sent a messenger unto Joseph, saying, Thy father did command before he died, saying, 
So shall ye
300,
And it came to pass after the plague, that the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, saying, 
Take the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel, from twenty years old and upward, throughout their fathers' house, all that are able to go to war in Israel. 
A
249,y away like a bird, from the birth, and from the womb, and from the conception. 
Though they bring up their children, yet will I bereave them, that there shall not be a man left: yea, woe also to them when I depart from them! 
Ephraim, as I saw Tyru
352,s a meat offering. 
And if thy oblation be a meat offering baken in the fryingpan, it shall be made of fine flour with oil. 
And thou shalt bring the meat offering that is made of these things unto the LORD: and when it is presented unto the priest, he shall bring it unto the altar. 
And the priest shall take from the meat offering a memorial thereof
255,wake, saith the LORD. 
I will bring them down like lambs to the slaughter, like rams with he goats. 
How is Sheshach taken! and how is the praise of the whole earth surprised! how is Babylon become an astonishment among the nations! 
The sea is come up up
303, Riphath, and Togarmah. 
And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim. 
By these were the isles of the Gentiles divided in their lands; every one after his tongue, after their families, in their nations. 
And the sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, and Phut, and Canaan. 
And the sons o
245,I judge: and my judgment is just; because I seek not mine own will, but the will of the Father which hath sent me. 
If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true. 
There is another that beareth witness of me; and I know that the witness wh
343,the soul of all the people was grieved, every man for his sons and for his daughters: but David encouraged himself in the LORD his God. 
And David said to Abiathar the priest, Ahimelech's son, I pray thee, bring me hither the ephod. And Abiathar brought thither the ephod to David. 
And David enquired at the LORD, saying, Shall I pursue after
319,ferings, according unto their manner, for a sweet savour, a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD. 
And ye shall have on the tenth day of this seventh month an holy convocation; and ye shall afflict your souls: ye shall not do any work therein: 
But ye shall offer a burnt offering unto the LORD for a sweet savour; one 
251,few in number, they shall gather themselves together against me, and slay me; and I shall be destroyed, I and my house. 
And they said, Should he deal with our sister as with an harlot? 
And God said unto Jacob, Arise, go up to Bethel, and dwell there
320,devoured him; and last this Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon hath broken his bones. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will punish the king of Babylon and his land, as I have punished the king of Assyria. 
And I will bring Israel again to his habitation, and he shall feed on Carmel and 
291,, O son of man. 
And the Spirit of the LORD fell upon me, and said unto me, Speak; Thus saith the LORD; Thus have ye said, O house of Israel: for I know the things that come into your mind, every one of them. 
Ye have multiplied your slain in this city, and ye have filled the streets thereo
346,sand baths of oil. 
Then Huram the king of Tyre answered in writing, which he sent to Solomon, Because the LORD hath loved his people, he hath made thee king over them. 
Huram said moreover, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, that made heaven and earth, who hath given to David the king a wise son, endued with prudence and understanding, that mi
325,to his God. 
Thou shalt sanctify him therefore; for he offereth the bread of thy God: he shall be holy unto thee: for I the LORD, which sanctify you, am holy. 
And the daughter of any priest, if she profane herself by playing the whore, she profaneth her father: she shall be burnt with fire. 
And he that is the high priest 
310,le, and for a name, and for a praise, and for a glory: but they would not hear. 
Therefore thou shalt speak unto them this word; Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Every bottle shall be filled with wine: and they shall say unto thee, Do we not certainly know that every bottle shall be filled with wine? 
Then 
324,, and become not vain in robbery: if riches increase, set not your heart upon them. 
God hath spoken once; twice have I heard this; that power belongeth unto God. 
Also unto thee, O Lord, belongeth mercy: for thou renderest to every man according to his work. 
O God, thou art my God; early will I seek thee: my soul thirste
280,ren that were left after them in the land, whom the children of Israel also were not able utterly to destroy, upon those did Solomon levy a tribute of bondservice unto this day. 
But of the children of Israel did Solomon make no bondmen: but they were men of war, and his servants
303,write upon him my new name. 
He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches. 
And unto the angel of the church of the Laodiceans write; These things saith the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God; 
I know thy works, that thou art neither c
271, should plow in hope; and that he that thresheth in hope should be partaker of his hope. 
If we have sown unto you spiritual things, is it a great thing if we shall reap your carnal things? 
If others be partakers of this power over you, are not we rather? Nevertheless w
331,pt, saying, 
You only have I known of all the families of the earth: therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities. 
Can two walk together, except they be agreed? 
Will a lion roar in the forest, when he hath no prey? will a young lion cry out of his den, if he have taken nothing? 
Can a bird fall in a snare upon the earth,
268,g of blood is no remission. 
It was therefore necessary that the patterns of things in the heavens should be purified with these; but the heavenly things themselves with better sacrifices than these. 
For Christ is not entered into the holy places made with hands, whi
297, darkness. 
The meek also shall increase their joy in the LORD, and the poor among men shall rejoice in the Holy One of Israel. 
For the terrible one is brought to nought, and the scorner is consumed, and all that watch for iniquity are cut off: 
That make a man an offender for a word, and lay a 
303,allen in mount Gilboa. 
And when they had stripped him, they took his head, and his armour, and sent into the land of the Philistines round about, to carry tidings unto their idols, and to the people. 
And they put his armour in the house of their gods, and fastened his head in the temple of Dagon. 
An
298, faithful in the unrighteous mammon, who will commit to your trust the true riches? 
And if ye have not been faithful in that which is another man's, who shall give you that which is your own? 
No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will h
336,, weeping and wailing, 
And saying, Alas, alas that great city, that was clothed in fine linen, and purple, and scarlet, and decked with gold, and precious stones, and pearls! 
For in one hour so great riches is come to nought. And every shipmaster, and all the company in ships, and sailors, and as many as trade by sea, stood afar off
301,, or say unto him, What doest thou? 
At the same time my reason returned unto me; and for the glory of my kingdom, mine honour and brightness returned unto me; and my counsellors and my lords sought unto me; and I was established in my kingdom, and excellent majesty was added unto me. 
Now I Nebuchad
283,d them in thy skirts. 
Then take of them again, and cast them into the midst of the fire, and burn them in the fire; for thereof shall a fire come forth into all the house of Israel. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; This is Jerusalem: I have set it in the midst of the nations and countries
246,lict Eber, and he also shall perish for ever. 
And Balaam rose up, and went and returned to his place: and Balak also went his way. 
And Israel abode in Shittim, and the people began to commit whoredom with the daughters of Moab. 
And they called
289,r counsel, and were brought low for their iniquity. 
Nevertheless he regarded their affliction, when he heard their cry: 
And he remembered for them his covenant, and repented according to the multitude of his mercies. 
He made them also to be pitied of all those that carried them captive
309, in the day of the east wind. 
By this therefore shall the iniquity of Jacob be purged; and this is all the fruit to take away his sin; when he maketh all the stones of the altar as chalkstones that are beaten in sunder, the groves and images shall not stand up. 
Yet the defenced city shall be desolate, and 
247,ear was six hundred threescore and six talents of gold, 
Beside that he had of the merchantmen, and of the traffick of the spice merchants, and of all the kings of Arabia, and of the governors of the country. 
And king Solomon made two hundred tar
321,nding. 
He layeth up sound wisdom for the righteous: he is a buckler to them that walk uprightly. 
He keepeth the paths of judgment, and preserveth the way of his saints. 
Then shalt thou understand righteousness, and judgment, and equity; yea, every good path. 
When wisdom entereth into thine heart, and knowledge is pl
359,o content the people, released Barabbas unto them, and delivered Jesus, when he had scourged him, to be crucified. 
And the soldiers led him away into the hall, called Praetorium; and they call together the whole band. 
And they clothed him with purple, and platted a crown of thorns, and put it about his head, 
And began to salute him, Hail, King of the Jew
279, savour unto the LORD. 
And if his offering for a sacrifice of peace offering unto the LORD be of the flock; male or female, he shall offer it without blemish. 
If he offer a lamb for his offering, then shall he offer it before the LORD. 
And he shall lay his hand upon the head 
348,n profane and vain babblings: for they will increase unto more ungodliness. 
And their word will eat as doth a canker: of whom is Hymenaeus and Philetus; 
Who concerning the truth have erred, saying that the resurrection is past already; and overthrow the faith of some. 
Nevertheless the foundation of God standeth sure, having this seal, The Lord
346, men, and with all men of war, saith the Lord GOD. 
And I will set my glory among the heathen, and all the heathen shall see my judgment that I have executed, and my hand that I have laid upon them. 
So the house of Israel shall know that I am the LORD their God from that day and forward. 
And the heathen shall know that the house of Israel wen
283, set upon thy throne in thy room, he shall build an house unto my name. 
Now therefore command thou that they hew me cedar trees out of Lebanon; and my servants shall be with thy servants: and unto thee will I give hire for thy servants according to all that thou shalt appoint: for 
321,ri, throughout their families, by the house of their fathers, 
From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that entereth into the service, for the work in the tabernacle of the congregation, 
Even those that were numbered of them after their families, were three thousand and two hundred. 
These
322,riddle, that we may hear it. 
And he said unto them, Out of the eater came forth meat, and out of the strong came forth sweetness. And they could not in three days expound the riddle. 
And it came to pass on the seventh day, that they said unto Samson's wife, Entice thy husband, that he may declare unto us the riddle, le
341,e slain by him? 
In measure, when it shooteth forth, thou wilt debate with it: he stayeth his rough wind in the day of the east wind. 
By this therefore shall the iniquity of Jacob be purged; and this is all the fruit to take away his sin; when he maketh all the stones of the altar as chalkstones that are beaten in sunder, the groves and i
268,s of Jericho. 
And they did eat of the old corn of the land on the morrow after the passover, unleavened cakes, and parched corn in the selfsame day. 
And the manna ceased on the morrow after they had eaten of the old corn of the land; neither had the children of Isra
262,all in thee; 
And the light of a candle shall shine no more at all in thee; and the voice of the bridegroom and of the bride shall be heard no more at all in thee: for thy merchants were the great men of the earth; for by thy sorceries were all nations deceived.
303,? 
And they said unto him, We have dreamed a dream, and there is no interpreter of it. And Joseph said unto them, Do not interpretations belong to God? tell me them, I pray you. 
And the chief butler told his dream to Joseph, and said to him, In my dream, behold, a vine was before me; 
And in the vine 
313, king, and said, And who is so faithful among all thy servants as David, which is the king's son in law, and goeth at thy bidding, and is honourable in thine house? 
Did I then begin to enquire of God for him? be it far from me: let not the king impute any thing unto his servant, nor to all the house of my fathe
301,ware unto thy fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. 
Understand therefore, that the LORD thy God giveth thee not this good land to possess it for thy righteousness; for thou art a stiffnecked people. 
Remember, and forget not, how thou provokedst the LORD thy God to wrath in the wilderness: from the da
260,e I been with thee; thy ewes and thy she goats have not cast their young, and the rams of thy flock have I not eaten. 
That which was torn of beasts I brought not unto thee; I bare the loss of it; of my hand didst thou require it, whether stolen by day, or sto
325, of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Abidah, and Eldaah. All these were the children of Keturah. 
And Abraham gave all that he had unto Isaac. 
But unto the sons of the concubines, which Abraham had, Abraham gave gifts, and sent them away from Isaac his son, while he yet lived, eastward, unto the east country. 
And
298, no good in them, but for a man to rejoice, and to do good in his life. 
And also that every man should eat and drink, and enjoy the good of all his labour, it is the gift of God. 
I know that, whatsoever God doeth, it shall be for ever: nothing can be put to it, nor any thing taken from it: and G
306, may be destroyed: and I will pay ten thousand talents of silver to the hands of those that have the charge of the business, to bring it into the king's treasuries. 
And the king took his ring from his hand, and gave it unto Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, the Jews' enemy. 
And the king said unto
293,ss of men: 
And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. 
Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name: 
That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven,
256,pon the necks of these kings. And they came near, and put their feet upon the necks of them. 
And Joshua said unto them, Fear not, nor be dismayed, be strong and of good courage: for thus shall the LORD do to all your enemies against whom ye fight. 
And af
341,rd GOD; When the whole earth rejoiceth, I will make thee desolate. 
As thou didst rejoice at the inheritance of the house of Israel, because it was desolate, so will I do unto thee: thou shalt be desolate, O mount Seir, and all Idumea, even all of it: and they shall know that I am the LORD. 
Also, thou son of man, prophesy unto the mountai
352, the face of a lion, on the right side: and they four had the face of an ox on the left side; they four also had the face of an eagle. 
Thus were their faces: and their wings were stretched upward; two wings of every one were joined one to another, and two covered their bodies. 
And they went every one straight forward: whither the spirit was to go, 
258,t shall I be glorious in the eyes of the LORD, and my God shall be my strength. 
And he said, It is a light thing that thou shouldest be my servant to raise up the tribes of Jacob, and to restore the preserved of Israel: I will also give thee for a light to 
291, she that bare thee shall rejoice. 
My son, give me thine heart, and let thine eyes observe my ways. 
For a whore is a deep ditch; and a strange woman is a narrow pit. 
She also lieth in wait as for a prey, and increaseth the transgressors among men. 
Who hath woe? who hath sorrow? who hath
312,d to her, Hannah, why weepest thou? and why eatest thou not? and why is thy heart grieved? am not I better to thee than ten sons? 
So Hannah rose up after they had eaten in Shiloh, and after they had drunk. Now Eli the priest sat upon a seat by a post of the temple of the LORD. 
And she was in bitterness of sou
279,el, whom thou hast redeemed, and lay not innocent blood unto thy people of Israel's charge. And the blood shall be forgiven them. 
So shalt thou put away the guilt of innocent blood from among you, when thou shalt do that which is right in the sight of the LORD. 
When thou goest
332, him by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony; and they loved not their lives unto the death. 
Therefore rejoice, ye heavens, and ye that dwell in them. Woe to the inhabiters of the earth and of the sea! for the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time. 

304,en shall many be offended, and shall betray one another, and shall hate one another. 
And many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many. 
And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold. 
But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved. 
And this gospel of the 
274,which they had searched unto the children of Israel, saying, The land, through which we have gone to search it, is a land that eateth up the inhabitants thereof; and all the people that we saw in it are men of a great stature. 
And there we saw the giants, the sons of Anak,
337,d all mine are thine, and thine are mine; and I am glorified in them. 
And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one, as we are. 
While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name: those that thou 
286,nto him, Lord, I am ready to go with thee, both into prison, and to death. 
And he said, I tell thee, Peter, the cock shall not crow this day, before that thou shalt thrice deny that thou knowest me. 
And he said unto them, When I sent you without purse, and scrip, and shoes, lacked ye
306,e with the oil of gladness above thy fellows. 
All thy garments smell of myrrh, and aloes, and cassia, out of the ivory palaces, whereby they have made thee glad. 
Kings' daughters were among thy honourable women: upon thy right hand did stand the queen in gold of Ophir. 
Hearken, O daughter, and consider
326,rn thereof, and part of the oil thereof, with all the frankincense thereof: it is an offering made by fire unto the LORD. 
And if his oblation be a sacrifice of peace offering, if he offer it of the herd; whether it be a male or female, he shall offer it without blemish before the LORD. 
And he shall lay his hand upon the he
261,ed to his house. 
But when the multitudes saw it, they marvelled, and glorified God, which had given such power unto men. 
And as Jesus passed forth from thence, he saw a man, named Matthew, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he saith unto him, Follow me. An
247, the people together, and went to Rabbah, and fought against it, and took it. 
And he took their king's crown from off his head, the weight whereof was a talent of gold with the precious stones: and it was set on David's head. And he brought forth
328, LORD. 
Go therefore now, and work; for there shall no straw be given you, yet shall ye deliver the tale of bricks. 
And the officers of the children of Israel did see that they were in evil case, after it was said, Ye shall not minish ought from your bricks of your daily task. 
And they met Moses and Aaron, who stood in the w
278,g over Israel, and I shall be next unto thee; and that also Saul my father knoweth. 
And they two made a covenant before the LORD: and David abode in the wood, and Jonathan went to his house. 
Then came up the Ziphites to Saul to Gibeah, saying, Doth not David hide himself with
260,t shall carry her afar off to sojourn. 
Who hath taken this counsel against Tyre, the crowning city, whose merchants are princes, whose traffickers are the honourable of the earth? 
The LORD of hosts hath purposed it, to stain the pride of all glory, and to br
302,d Amariah begat Ahitub, 
And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Shallum, 
And Shallum begat Hilkiah, and Hilkiah begat Azariah, 
And Azariah begat Seraiah, and Seraiah begat Jehozadak, 
And Jehozadak went into captivity, when the LORD carried away Judah and Jerusalem by the hand of Nebuchadnezzar. 
T
294,t ye should beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees? 
Then understood they how that he bade them not beware of the leaven of bread, but of the doctrine of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees. 
When Jesus came into the coasts of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his disciples, sayin
300, also a lot for the rest of the children of Manasseh by their families; for the children of Abiezer, and for the children of Helek, and for the children of Asriel, and for the children of Shechem, and for the children of Hepher, and for the children of Shemida: these were the male children of Manass
258,e all his miracles which our fathers told us of, saying, Did not the LORD bring us up from Egypt? but now the LORD hath forsaken us, and delivered us into the hands of the Midianites. 
And the LORD looked upon him, and said, Go in this thy might, and thou sh
255,it is laid waste, so that there is no house, no entering in: from the land of Chittim it is revealed to them. 
Be still, ye inhabitants of the isle; thou whom the merchants of Zidon, that pass over the sea, have replenished. 
And by great waters the seed 
257,rds that the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the children of Manasseh spake, it pleased them. 
And Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest said unto the children of Reuben, and to the children of Gad, and to the children of Manasseh, This day 
299,ldest thou have rejoiced over the children of Judah in the day of their destruction; neither shouldest thou have spoken proudly in the day of distress. 
Thou shouldest not have entered into the gate of my people in the day of their calamity; yea, thou shouldest not have looked on their affliction i
285,him; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose. 
Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child by their father. 
And the first born bare a son, and called his name Moab: the same is the father of the Moabites unto this day. 
And the younger, she also bare a son, and 
326,bind us up. 
After two days will he revive us: in the third day he will raise us up, and we shall live in his sight. 
Then shall we know, if we follow on to know the LORD: his going forth is prepared as the morning; and he shall come unto us as the rain, as the latter and former rain unto the earth. 
O Ephraim, what shall I 
269,iquity, and have done wickedly, and have rebelled, even by departing from thy precepts and from thy judgments: 
Neither have we hearkened unto thy servants the prophets, which spake in thy name to our kings, our princes, and our fathers, and to all the people of the la
304,. 
But when the husbandmen saw the son, they said among themselves, This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and let us seize on his inheritance. 
And they caught him, and cast him out of the vineyard, and slew him. 
When the lord therefore of the vineyard cometh, what will he do unto those husbandmen? 
340, judgment I am come into this world, that they which see not might see; and that they which see might be made blind. 
And some of the Pharisees which were with him heard these words, and said unto him, Are we blind also? 
Jesus said unto them, If ye were blind, ye should have no sin: but now ye say, We see; therefore your sin remaineth. 

359,the throne of David, riding in chariots and on horses, he, and his servants, and his people. 
But if ye will not hear these words, I swear by myself, saith the LORD, that this house shall become a desolation. 
For thus saith the LORD unto the king's house of Judah; Thou art Gilead unto me, and the head of Lebanon: yet surely I will make thee a wilderness, a
329,t his bow, and made it ready. 
He hath also prepared for him the instruments of death; he ordaineth his arrows against the persecutors. 
Behold, he travaileth with iniquity, and hath conceived mischief, and brought forth falsehood. 
He made a pit, and digged it, and is fallen into the ditch which he made. 
His mischief shall re
296,e four beasts, and fell before the throne on their faces, and worshipped God, 
Saying, Amen: Blessing, and glory, and wisdom, and thanksgiving, and honour, and power, and might, be unto our God for ever and ever. Amen. 
And one of the elders answered, saying unto me, What are these which are arr
243,w have I hated instruction, and my heart despised reproof; 
And have not obeyed the voice of my teachers, nor inclined mine ear to them that instructed me! 
I was almost in all evil in the midst of the congregation and assembly. 
Drink waters 
330,ffice. 
Let his children be fatherless, and his wife a widow. 
Let his children be continually vagabonds, and beg: let them seek their bread also out of their desolate places. 
Let the extortioner catch all that he hath; and let the strangers spoil his labour. 
Let there be none to extend mercy unto him: neither let there be any
282, that the house of Israel went into captivity for their iniquity: because they trespassed against me, therefore hid I my face from them, and gave them into the hand of their enemies: so fell they all by the sword. 
According to their uncleanness and according to their transgression
332,gainst the land of Merathaim, even against it, and against the inhabitants of Pekod: waste and utterly destroy after them, saith the LORD, and do according to all that I have commanded thee. 
A sound of battle is in the land, and of great destruction. 
How is the hammer of the whole earth cut asunder and broken! how is Babylon bec
243,ll it not be in the day when I take from them their strength, the joy of their glory, the desire of their eyes, and that whereupon they set their minds, their sons and their daughters, 
That he that escapeth in that day shall come unto thee, t
355,nto them, Is it true, O Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, do not ye serve my gods, nor worship the golden image which I have set up? 
Now if ye be ready that at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and worship the image which I have made; well: but if ye worship not
338,rs of thy son, and of thy son's son, what things I have wrought in Egypt, and my signs which I have done among them; that ye may know how that I am the LORD. 
And Moses and Aaron came in unto Pharaoh, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, How long wilt thou refuse to humble thyself before me? let my people go, that 
285,ns. 
And he reared up the pillars before the temple, one on the right hand, and the other on the left; and called the name of that on the right hand Jachin, and the name of that on the left Boaz. 
Moreover he made an altar of brass, twenty cubits the length thereof, and twenty cubits 
340,ntment on my body, she did it for my burial. 
Verily I say unto you, Wheresoever this gospel shall be preached in the whole world, there shall also this, that this woman hath done, be told for a memorial of her. 
Then one of the twelve, called Judas Iscariot, went unto the chief priests, 
And said unto them, What will ye give me, and I wi
314,f the Spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth;) 
Proving what is acceptable unto the Lord. 
And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them. 
For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of them in secret. 
But all things that are reproved are 
242,at in his house, and the LORD had given him rest round about from all his enemies; 
That the king said unto Nathan the prophet, See now, I dwell in an house of cedar, but the ark of God dwelleth within curtains. 
And Nathan said to the king, 
240,n the three days' journey, to search out a resting place for them. 
And the cloud of the LORD was upon them by day, when they went out of the camp. 
And it came to pass, when the ark set forward, that Moses said, Rise up, LORD, and let thin
360,ye were as the stars of heaven for multitude; because thou wouldest not obey the voice of the LORD thy God. 
And it shall come to pass, that as the LORD rejoiced over you to do you good, and to multiply you; so the LORD will rejoice over you to destroy you, and to bring you to nought; and ye shall be plucked from off the land whither thou goest to possess it
351,t my life is wind: mine eye shall no more see good. 
The eye of him that hath seen me shall see me no more: thine eyes are upon me, and I am not. 
As the cloud is consumed and vanisheth away: so he that goeth down to the grave shall come up no more. 
He shall return no more to his house, neither shall his place know him any more. 
Therefore I will n
336,ke a bird, without cause. 
They have cut off my life in the dungeon, and cast a stone upon me. 
Waters flowed over mine head; then I said, I am cut off. 
I called upon thy name, O LORD, out of the low dungeon. 
Thou hast heard my voice: hide not thine ear at my breathing, at my cry. 
Thou drewest near in the day that I called upon the
348,had made for Mordecai, who spoken good for the king, standeth in the house of Haman. Then the king said, Hang him thereon. 
So they hanged Haman on the gallows that he had prepared for Mordecai. Then was the king's wrath pacified. 
On that day did the king Ahasuerus give the house of Haman the Jews' enemy unto Esther the queen. And Mordecai came 
315,, nor slumber to thine eyelids. 
Deliver thyself as a roe from the hand of the hunter, and as a bird from the hand of the fowler. 
Go to the ant, thou sluggard; consider her ways, and be wise: 
Which having no guide, overseer, or ruler, 
Provideth her meat in the summer, and gathereth her food in the harvest. 
How
307,e resurrection of damnation. 
I can of mine own self do nothing: as I hear, I judge: and my judgment is just; because I seek not mine own will, but the will of the Father which hath sent me. 
If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true. 
There is another that beareth witness of me; and I know that 
258,ldren of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two. 
The children of Arah, seven hundred seventy and five. 
The children of Pahathmoab, of the children of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand eight hundred and twelve. 
The children of Elam, a thousand two hundred f
269,t hath nothing: there is that maketh himself poor, yet hath great riches. 
The ransom of a man's life are his riches: but the poor heareth not rebuke. 
The light of the righteous rejoiceth: but the lamp of the wicked shall be put out. 
Only by pride cometh contention: 
295, thy judgments are far above out of his sight: as for all his enemies, he puffeth at them. 
He hath said in his heart, I shall not be moved: for I shall never be in adversity. 
His mouth is full of cursing and deceit and fraud: under his tongue is mischief and vanity. 
He sitteth in the lurking
343,reated Abram well for her sake: and he had sheep, and oxen, and he asses, and menservants, and maidservants, and she asses, and camels. 
And the LORD plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of Sarai Abram's wife. 
And Pharaoh called Abram and said, What is this that thou hast done unto me? why didst thou not tell me that she
348,D hath made with you concerning all these words. 
Then went up Moses, and Aaron, Nadab, and Abihu, and seventy of the elders of Israel: 
And they saw the God of Israel: and there was under his feet as it were a paved work of a sapphire stone, and as it were the body of heaven in his clearness. 
And upon the nobles of the children of Israel he lai
325, profit? 
Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone. 
Yea, a man may say, Thou hast faith, and I have works: shew me thy faith without thy works, and I will shew thee my faith by my works. 
Thou believest that there is one God; thou doest well: the devils also believe, and tremble. 
But wilt thou know, O vai
249, not known all the wars of Canaan; 
Only that the generations of the children of Israel might know, to teach them war, at the least such as before knew nothing thereof; 
Namely, five lords of the Philistines, and all the Canaanites, and the Sidonian
276,ice one kid of the goats for a sin offering, and two lambs of the first year for a sacrifice of peace offerings. 
And the priest shall wave them with the bread of the firstfruits for a wave offering before the LORD, with the two lambs: they shall be holy to the LORD for the p
328,thou do prosper my way which I go: 
Behold, I stand by the well of water; and it shall come to pass, that when the virgin cometh forth to draw water, and I say to her, Give me, I pray thee, a little water of thy pitcher to drink; 
And she say to me, Both drink thou, and I will also draw for thy camels: let the same be the woma
264,all his friends every thing that had befallen him. Then said his wise men and Zeresh his wife unto him, If Mordecai be of the seed of the Jews, before whom thou hast begun to fall, thou shalt not prevail against him, but shalt surely fall before him. 
And while th
336,. 
And he said unto him, See, I have accepted thee concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow this city, for the which thou hast spoken. 
Haste thee, escape thither; for I cannot do anything till thou be come thither. Therefore the name of the city was called Zoar. 
The sun was risen upon the earth when Lot entered into Zoa
326, and upon all the people that were therein. So the dead which he slew at his death were more than they which he slew in his life. 
Then his brethren and all the house of his father came down, and took him, and brought him up, and buried him between Zorah and Eshtaol in the buryingplace of Manoah his father. And he judged Isr
331,venth day, that soul shall be cut off from Israel. 
And in the first day there shall be an holy convocation, and in the seventh day there shall be an holy convocation to you; no manner of work shall be done in them, save that which every man must eat, that only may be done of you. 
And ye shall observe the feast of unleavened bre
321, it to bow down his head as a bulrush, and to spread sackcloth and ashes under him? wilt thou call this a fast, and an acceptable day to the LORD? 
Is not this the fast that I have chosen? to loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and to let the oppressed go free, and that ye break every yoke? 
Is it 
302,he house of the LORD God, and this is the altar of the burnt offering for Israel. 
And David commanded to gather together the strangers that were in the land of Israel; and he set masons to hew wrought stones to build the house of God. 
And David prepared iron in abundance for the nails for the doors 
345,ur appointed feasts my soul hateth: they are a trouble unto me; I am weary to bear them. 
And when ye spread forth your hands, I will hide mine eyes from you: yea, when ye make many prayers, I will not hear: your hands are full of blood. 
Wash you, make you clean; put away the evil of your doings from before mine eyes; cease to do evil; 
Learn
336,ewed stone, and a row of cedar beams. 
In the fourth year was the foundation of the house of the LORD laid, in the month Zif: 
And in the eleventh year, in the month Bul, which is the eighth month, was the house finished throughout all the parts thereof, and according to all the fashion of it. So was he seven years in building it. 
Bu
282, came to pass on the seventh day, that they said unto Samson's wife, Entice thy husband, that he may declare unto us the riddle, lest we burn thee and thy father's house with fire: have ye called us to take that we have? is it not so? 
And Samson's wife wept before him, and said, T
308, gather them on every side, and bring them into their own land: 
And I will make them one nation in the land upon the mountains of Israel; and one king shall be king to them all: and they shall be no more two nations, neither shall they be divided into two kingdoms any more at all. 
Neither shall they defil
334,r hand; and ye shall eat it in haste: it is the LORD's passover. 
For I will pass through the land of Egypt this night, and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast; and against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgment: I am the LORD. 
And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where 
264,e came four chariots out from between two mountains; and the mountains were mountains of brass. 
In the first chariot were red horses; and in the second chariot black horses; 
And in the third chariot white horses; and in the fourth chariot grisled and bay horses.
323,ns of my father he liked me to make me king over all Israel: 
And of all my sons, (for the LORD hath given me many sons,) he hath chosen Solomon my son to sit upon the throne of the kingdom of the LORD over Israel. 
And he said unto me, Solomon thy son, he shall build my house and my courts: for I have chosen him to be my
279,end of three years, that two of the servants of Shimei ran away unto Achish son of Maachah king of Gath. And they told Shimei, saying, Behold, thy servants be in Gath. 
And Shimei arose, and saddled his ass, and went to Gath to Achish to seek his servants: and Shimei went, and b
316,avid is in the wilderness of Engedi. 
Then Saul took three thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and went to seek David and his men upon the rocks of the wild goats. 
And he came to the sheepcotes by the way, where was a cave; and Saul went in to cover his feet: and David and his men remained in the sides of the c
337,ess, in the deeps. 
Thy wrath lieth hard upon me, and thou hast afflicted me with all thy waves. Selah. 
Thou hast put away mine acquaintance far from me; thou hast made me an abomination unto them: I am shut up, and I cannot come forth. 
Mine eye mourneth by reason of affliction: LORD, I have called daily upon thee, I have stretched o
243, please his wife. 
There is difference also between a wife and a virgin. The unmarried woman careth for the things of the Lord, that she may be holy both in body and in spirit: but she that is married careth for the things of the world, how sh
295, are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom before any king reigned over the children of Israel; Bela the son of Beor: and the name of his city was Dinhabah. 
And when Bela was dead, Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead. 
And when Jobab was dead, Husham of the land of the T
325,d were destroyed of serpents. 
Neither murmur ye, as some of them also murmured, and were destroyed of the destroyer. 
Now all these things happened unto them for ensamples: and they are written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the world are come. 
Wherefore let him that thinketh he standeth take heed lest he fall.
283,o envy? 
But he giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith, God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble. 
Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you. 
Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners; and pu
252,t of the tribe of Issachar; Kedesh with her suburbs, Daberath with her suburbs, 
And Ramoth with her suburbs, and Anem with her suburbs: 
And out of the tribe of Asher; Mashal with her suburbs, and Abdon with her suburbs, 
And Hukok with her suburbs, a
344, of the LORD came to Jehu the son of Hanani against Baasha, saying, 
Forasmuch as I exalted thee out of the dust, and made thee prince over my people Israel; and thou hast walked in the way of Jeroboam, and hast made my people Israel to sin, to provoke me to anger with their sins; 
Behold, I will take away the posterity of Baasha, and the pos
245,ey have no cloak for their sin. 
He that hateth me hateth my Father also. 
If I had not done among them the works which none other man did, they had not had sin: but now have they both seen and hated both me and my Father. 
But this cometh to pa
281,easts. 
Take thou away from me the noise of thy songs; for I will not hear the melody of thy viols. 
But let judgment run down as waters, and righteousness as a mighty stream. 
Have ye offered unto me sacrifices and offerings in the wilderness forty years, O house of Israel? 
But 
261,y shall be in pain as a woman that travaileth: they shall be amazed one at another; their faces shall be as flames. 
Behold, the day of the LORD cometh, cruel both with wrath and fierce anger, to lay the land desolate: and he shall destroy the sinners thereof o
252,saying, 
What man soever there be of the house of Israel, that killeth an ox, or lamb, or goat, in the camp, or that killeth it out of the camp, 
And bringeth it not unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, to offer an offering unto the LOR
345,ath, to present you holy and unblameable and unreproveable in his sight: 
If ye continue in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved away from the hope of the gospel, which ye have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven; whereof I Paul am made a minister; 
Who now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fil
265,d possession of herds, and great store of servants: and the Philistines envied him. 
For all the wells which his father's servants had digged in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines had stopped them, and filled them with earth. 
And Abimelech said unto I
251,en of the people, whereby the kings of Judah come in, and by the which they go out, and in all the gates of Jerusalem; 
And say unto them, Hear ye the word of the LORD, ye kings of Judah, and all Judah, and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, that enter
246,your shame. 
But some man will say, How are the dead raised up? and with what body do they come? 
Thou fool, that which thou sowest is not quickened, except it die: 
And that which thou sowest, thou sowest not that body that shall be, but bare gr
341,ween Migdol and the sea, over against Baalzephon: before it shall ye encamp by the sea. 
For Pharaoh will say of the children of Israel, They are entangled in the land, the wilderness hath shut them in. 
And I will harden Pharaoh's heart, that he shall follow after them; and I will be honoured upon Pharaoh, and upon all his host; that the 
247,nd the king said, Tarry at Jericho until your beards be grown, and then return. 
And when the children of Ammon saw that they had made themselves odious to David, Hanun and the children of Ammon sent a thousand talents of silver to hire them chari
267, passed over, and all his men, and all the little ones that were with him. 
And all the country wept with a loud voice, and all the people passed over: the king also himself passed over the brook Kidron, and all the people passed over, toward the way of the wildernes
314,David seeketh thy hurt? 
Behold, this day thine eyes have seen how that the LORD had delivered thee to day into mine hand in the cave: and some bade me kill thee: but mine eye spared thee; and I said, I will not put forth mine hand against my lord; for he is the LORD's anointed. 
Moreover, my father, see, yea, se
358,will remember the works of the LORD: surely I will remember thy wonders of old. 
I will meditate also of all thy work, and talk of thy doings. 
Thy way, O God, is in the sanctuary: who is so great a God as our God? 
Thou art the God that doest wonders: thou hast declared thy strength among the people. 
Thou hast with thine arm redeemed thy people, the sons
339,he habitations of cruelty. 
O let not the oppressed return ashamed: let the poor and needy praise thy name. 
Arise, O God, plead thine own cause: remember how the foolish man reproacheth thee daily. 
Forget not the voice of thine enemies: the tumult of those that rise up against thee increaseth continually. 
Unto thee, O God, do we give 
282,fore your confidence, which hath great recompence of reward. 
For ye have need of patience, that, after ye have done the will of God, ye might receive the promise. 
For yet a little while, and he that shall come will come, and will not tarry. 
Now the just shall live by faith: but 
277, that trusteth in them. 
O Israel, trust thou in the LORD: he is their help and their shield. 
O house of Aaron, trust in the LORD: he is their help and their shield. 
Ye that fear the LORD, trust in the LORD: he is their help and their shield. 
The LORD hath been mindful of u
344, of Jacob, and out of Judah an inheritor of my mountains: and mine elect shall inherit it, and my servants shall dwell there. 
And Sharon shall be a fold of flocks, and the valley of Achor a place for the herds to lie down in, for my people that have sought me. 
But ye are they that forsake the LORD, that forget my holy mountain, that prepare
244,foundation was of costly stones, even great stones, stones of ten cubits, and stones of eight cubits. 
And above were costly stones, after the measures of hewed stones, and cedars. 
And the great court round about was with three rows of hewed s
247,e, and they cried, and their cry came up unto God by reason of the bondage. 
And God heard their groaning, and God remembered his covenant with Abraham, with Isaac, and with Jacob. 
And God looked upon the children of Israel, and God had respect u
300,dom of God is come unto you. 
Or else how can one enter into a strong man's house, and spoil his goods, except he first bind the strong man? and then he will spoil his house. 
He that is not with me is against me; and he that gathereth not with me scattereth abroad. 
Wherefore I say unto you, All ma
265,set mine incense and mine oil. 
And a voice of a multitude being at ease was with her: and with the men of the common sort were brought Sabeans from the wilderness, which put bracelets upon their hands, and beautiful crowns upon their heads. 
Then said I unto her t
360,at hate me; 
And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love me, and keep my commandments. 
Thou shalt not take the name of the LORD thy God in vain; for the LORD will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain. 
Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy. 
Six days shalt thou labour, and do all thy work: 
But the seventh day is the sabbath of the
300,eing fervent in the spirit, he spake and taught diligently the things of the Lord, knowing only the baptism of John. 
And he began to speak boldly in the synagogue: whom when Aquila and Priscilla had heard, they took him unto them, and expounded unto him the way of God more perfectly. 
And when he w
273, even weeping, that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ: 
Whose end is destruction, whose God is their belly, and whose glory is in their shame, who mind earthly things.) 
For our conversation is in heaven; from whence also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus C
321,ace that I have chosen to set my name there. 
Now these are thy servants and thy people, whom thou hast redeemed by thy great power, and by thy strong hand. 
O LORD, I beseech thee, let now thine ear be attentive to the prayer of thy servant, and to the prayer of thy servants, who desire to fear thy name: and prosper, I
265,tes, Hear the word of the Lord GOD; Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou saidst, Aha, against my sanctuary, when it was profaned; and against the land of Israel, when it was desolate; and against the house of Judah, when they went into captivity; 
Behold, therefor
252,ls at the well. 
And he said, Come in, thou blessed of the LORD; wherefore standest thou without? for I have prepared the house, and room for the camels. 
And the man came into the house: and he ungirded his camels, and gave straw and provender for the
250,ngs I judged them. 
And when they entered unto the heathen, whither they went, they profaned my holy name, when they said to them, These are the people of the LORD, and are gone forth out of his land. 
But I had pity for mine holy name, which the hou
245, of my redeemed is come. 
And I looked, and there was none to help; and I wondered that there was none to uphold: therefore mine own arm brought salvation unto me; and my fury, it upheld me. 
And I will tread down the people in mine anger, and m
259,igh places of the earth, The LORD, The God of hosts, is his name. 
Hear ye this word which I take up against you, even a lamentation, O house of Israel. 
The virgin of Israel is fallen; she shall no more rise: she is forsaken upon her land; there is none to r
252, they shall drink, and make a noise as through wine; and they shall be filled like bowls, and as the corners of the altar. 
And the LORD their God shall save them in that day as the flock of his people: for they shall be as the stones of a crown, lifte
334,of the hand of the king of Assyria? 
Hath not the same Hezekiah taken away his high places and his altars, and commanded Judah and Jerusalem, saying, Ye shall worship before one altar, and burn incense upon it? 
Know ye not what I and my fathers have done unto all the people of other lands? were the gods of the nations of those land
316,ere out blood and water. 
And he that saw it bare record, and his record is true: and he knoweth that he saith true, that ye might believe. 
For these things were done, that the scripture should be fulfilled, A bone of him shall not be broken. 
And again another scripture saith, They shall look on him whom they pie
270, sacrifice with cords, even unto the horns of the altar. 
Thou art my God, and I will praise thee: thou art my God, I will exalt thee. 
O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
Blessed are the undefiled in the way, who walk in the l
295,e maintenance for thy maidens. 
The wicked flee when no man pursueth: but the righteous are bold as a lion. 
For the transgression of a land many are the princes thereof: but by a man of understanding and knowledge the state thereof shall be prolonged. 
A poor man that oppresseth the poor is li
346,o the left from ought that my lord the king hath spoken: for thy servant Joab, he bade me, and he put all these words in the mouth of thine handmaid: 
To fetch about this form of speech hath thy servant Joab done this thing: and my lord is wise, according to the wisdom of an angel of God, to know all things that are in the earth. 
And the king 
358,ommanded him to be brought unto him: and when he was come near, he asked him, 
Saying, What wilt thou that I shall do unto thee? And he said, Lord, that I may receive my sight. 
And Jesus said unto him, Receive thy sight: thy faith hath saved thee. 
And immediately he received his sight, and followed him, glorifying God: and all the people, when they saw i
266, Eliab the firstborn, and next unto him Abinadab, and the third Shammah. 
And David was the youngest: and the three eldest followed Saul. 
But David went and returned from Saul to feed his father's sheep at Bethlehem. 
And the Philistine drew near morning and evenin
262,d. 
I will also cause all her mirth to cease, her feast days, her new moons, and her sabbaths, and all her solemn feasts. 
And I will destroy her vines and her fig trees, whereof she hath said, These are my rewards that my lovers have given me: and I will make t
338, the east wind brought the locusts. 
And the locust went up over all the land of Egypt, and rested in all the coasts of Egypt: very grievous were they; before them there were no such locusts as they, neither after them shall be such. 
For they covered the face of the whole earth, so that the land was darkened; and they did eat every her
249,nished. 
By mercy and truth iniquity is purged: and by the fear of the LORD men depart from evil. 
When a man's ways please the LORD, he maketh even his enemies to be at peace with him. 
Better is a little with righteousness than great revenues with
241, hail. 
And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars: 
And she being with child cried, travailing in birth, and pained to be delivered. 
And
251,nd under it is turned up as it were fire. 
The stones of it are the place of sapphires: and it hath dust of gold. 
There is a path which no fowl knoweth, and which the vulture's eye hath not seen: 
The lion's whelps have not trodden it, nor the fierce
302,ken with the wind? 
But what went ye out for to see? A man clothed in soft raiment? Behold, they which are gorgeously apparelled, and live delicately, are in kings' courts. 
But what went ye out for to see? A prophet? Yea, I say unto you, and much more than a prophet. 
This is he, of whom it is writte
301, it is true that I am thy near kinsman: howbeit there is a kinsman nearer than I. 
Tarry this night, and it shall be in the morning, that if he will perform unto thee the part of a kinsman, well; let him do the kinsman's part: but if he will not do the part of a kinsman to thee, then will I do the pa
334,habitant of the valley, and rock of the plain, saith the LORD; which say, Who shall come down against us? or who shall enter into our habitations? 
But I will punish you according to the fruit of your doings, saith the LORD: and I will kindle a fire in the forest thereof, and it shall devour all things round about it. 
Thus saith th
319,f her city shall stone her with stones that she die: because she hath wrought folly in Israel, to play the whore in her father's house: so shalt thou put evil away from among you. 
If a man be found lying with a woman married to an husband, then they shall both of them die, both the man that lay with the woman, and th
340,the LORD, by the hand of Jehiel the Gershonite. 
Then the people rejoiced, for that they offered willingly, because with perfect heart they offered willingly to the LORD: and David the king also rejoiced with great joy. 
Wherefore David blessed the LORD before all the congregation: and David said, Blessed be thou, LORD God of Israel our f
256,n. 
How are they brought into desolation, as in a moment! they are utterly consumed with terrors. 
As a dream when one awaketh; so, O Lord, when thou awakest, thou shalt despise their image. 
Thus my heart was grieved, and I was pricked in my reins. 
So fo
269,n the wilderness with her suburbs, and Jahzah with her suburbs, 
Kedemoth also with her suburbs, and Mephaath with her suburbs: 
And out of the tribe of Gad; Ramoth in Gilead with her suburbs, and Mahanaim with her suburbs, 
And Heshbon with her suburbs, and Jazer with
282,st of the root and fatness of the olive tree; 
Boast not against the branches. But if thou boast, thou bearest not the root, but the root thee. 
Thou wilt say then, The branches were broken off, that I might be graffed in. 
Well; because of unbelief they were broken off, and thou s
302, not serve the king of Babylon: 
For they prophesy a lie unto you, to remove you far from your land; and that I should drive you out, and ye should perish. 
But the nations that bring their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon, and serve him, those will I let remain still in their own land, sait
270,t I have sent this commandment unto you, that my covenant might be with Levi, saith the LORD of hosts. 
My covenant was with him of life and peace; and I gave them to him for the fear wherewith he feared me, and was afraid before my name. 
The law of truth was in his mo
246,m. 
And the house of Joseph sent to descry Bethel. (Now the name of the city before was Luz.) 
And the spies saw a man come forth out of the city, and they said unto him, Shew us, we pray thee, the entrance into the city, and we will shew thee me
298, of the LORD: my heart and my flesh crieth out for the living God. 
Yea, the sparrow hath found an house, and the swallow a nest for herself, where she may lay her young, even thine altars, O LORD of hosts, my King, and my God. 
Blessed are they that dwell in thy house: they will be still praising
337,ed to you again. 
And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye? 
Or how wilt thou say to thy brother, Let me pull out the mote out of thine eye; and, behold, a beam is in thine own eye? 
Thou hypocrite, first cast out the beam out of thine own eye; and then shalt th
257, it, they said unto his disciples, Why eateth your Master with publicans and sinners? 
But when Jesus heard that, he said unto them, They that be whole need not a physician, but they that are sick. 
But go ye and learn what that meaneth, I will have mercy, 
270,sness, and thine iniquities by shewing mercy to the poor; if it may be a lengthening of thy tranquillity. 
All this came upon the king Nebuchadnezzar. 
At the end of twelve months he walked in the palace of the kingdom of Babylon. 
The king spake, and said, Is not this 
259,d unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace. 
While he yet spake, there cometh one from the ruler of the synagogue's house, saying to him, Thy daughter is dead; trouble not the Master. 
But when Jesus heard it, he ans
347,d there was written therein lamentations, and mourning, and woe. 
Moreover he said unto me, Son of man, eat that thou findest; eat this roll, and go speak unto the house of Israel. 
So I opened my mouth, and he caused me to eat that roll. 
And he said unto me, Son of man, cause thy belly to eat, and fill thy bowels with this roll that I give the
355,ad gone with the multitude, I went with them to the house of God, with the voice of joy and praise, with a multitude that kept holyday. 
Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted in me? hope thou in God: for I shall yet praise him for the help of his countenance. 
O my God, my soul is cast down within me: therefore will I remember t
304,fore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of joy; I will sing, yea, I will sing praises unto the LORD. 
Hear, O LORD, when I cry with my voice: have mercy also upon me, and answer me. 
When thou saidst, Seek ye my face; my heart said unto thee, Thy face, LORD, will I seek. 
Hide not thy face far fr
329,hered up all the food of the seven years, which were in the land of Egypt, and laid up the food in the cities: the food of the field, which was round about every city, laid he up in the same. 
And Joseph gathered corn as the sand of the sea, very much, until he left numbering; for it was without number. 
And unto Joseph were bo
289,ith fire: and as for the flesh, all that be clean shall eat thereof. 
But the soul that eateth of the flesh of the sacrifice of peace offerings, that pertain unto the LORD, having his uncleanness upon him, even that soul shall be cut off from his people. 
Moreover the soul that shall touc
356,; let him save himself, if he be Christ, the chosen of God. 
And the soldiers also mocked him, coming to him, and offering him vinegar, 
And saying, If thou be the king of the Jews, save thyself. 
And a superscription also was written over him in letters of Greek, and Latin, and Hebrew, THIS IS THE KING OF THE JEWS. 
And one of the malefactors which were
328,breath of his lips shall he slay the wicked. 
And righteousness shall be the girdle of his loins, and faithfulness the girdle of his reins. 
The wolf also shall dwell with the lamb, and the leopard shall lie down with the kid; and the calf and the young lion and the fatling together; and a little child shall lead them. 
And th
243,reshed wheat by the winepress, to hide it from the Midianites. 
And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him, and said unto him, The LORD is with thee, thou mighty man of valour. 
And Gideon said unto him, Oh my Lord, if the LORD be with us, wh
347,srael? and my family the least of all the families of the tribe of Benjamin? wherefore then speakest thou so to me? 
And Samuel took Saul and his servant, and brought them into the parlour, and made them sit in the chiefest place among them that were bidden, which were about thirty persons. 
And Samuel said unto the cook, Bring the portion which
268,house, thou gavest me no water for my feet: but she hath washed my feet with tears, and wiped them with the hairs of her head. 
Thou gavest me no kiss: but this woman since the time I came in hath not ceased to kiss my feet. 
My head with oil thou didst not anoint: bu
267,er for me; for she pleaseth me well. 
But his father and his mother knew not that it was of the LORD, that he sought an occasion against the Philistines: for at that time the Philistines had dominion over Israel. 
Then went Samson down, and his father and his mother,
247,he burnt heifer of purification for sin, and running water shall be put thereto in a vessel: 
And a clean person shall take hyssop, and dip it in the water, and sprinkle it upon the tent, and upon all the vessels, and upon the persons that were th
336,judgest. 
Behold, I was shapen in iniquity; and in sin did my mother conceive me. 
Behold, thou desirest truth in the inward parts: and in the hidden part thou shalt make me to know wisdom. 
Purge me with hyssop, and I shall be clean: wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow. 
Make me to hear joy and gladness; that the bones which tho
251,pon the unclean on the third day, and on the seventh day: and on the seventh day he shall purify himself, and wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and shall be clean at even. 
But the man that shall be unclean, and shall not purify himself, t
356,without the deeds of the law. 
Is he the God of the Jews only? is he not also of the Gentiles? Yes, of the Gentiles also: 
Seeing it is one God, which shall justify the circumcision by faith, and uncircumcision through faith. 
Do we then make void the law through faith? God forbid: yea, we establish the law. 
What shall we say then that Abraham our fathe
279,as a strong people set in battle array. 
Before their face the people shall be much pained: all faces shall gather blackness. 
They shall run like mighty men; they shall climb the wall like men of war; and they shall march every one on his ways, and they shall not break their ra
291, the state of the king. 
And when the virgins were gathered together the second time, then Mordecai sat in the king's gate. 
Esther had not yet shewed her kindred nor her people; as Mordecai had charged her: for Esther did the commandment of Mordecai, like as when she was brought up with hi
333,Israel: thou shalt hough their horses, and burn their chariots with fire. 
So Joshua came, and all the people of war with him, against them by the waters of Merom suddenly; and they fell upon them. 
And the LORD delivered them into the hand of Israel, who smote them, and chased them unto great Zidon, and unto Misrephothmaim, and un
318,e, and get thee down to the floor: but make not thyself known unto the man, until he shall have done eating and drinking. 
And it shall be, when he lieth down, that thou shalt mark the place where he shall lie, and thou shalt go in, and uncover his feet, and lay thee down; and he will tell thee what thou shalt do. 
A
341,o down by the valleys unto the place which thou hast founded for them. 
Thou hast set a bound that they may not pass over; that they turn not again to cover the earth. 
He sendeth the springs into the valleys, which run among the hills. 
They give drink to every beast of the field: the wild asses quench their thirst. 
By them shall the fow
349, give, but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared of my Father. 
And when the ten heard it, they were moved with indignation against the two brethren. 
But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and they that are great exercise authority upon them. 
But it shall not be
266, to refuse the evil, and choose the good. 
For before the child shall know to refuse the evil, and choose the good, the land that thou abhorrest shall be forsaken of both her kings. 
The LORD shall bring upon thee, and upon thy people, and upon thy father's house, d
283,light. 
But I have greater witness than that of John: for the works which the Father hath given me to finish, the same works that I do, bear witness of me, that the Father hath sent me. 
And the Father himself, which hath sent me, hath borne witness of me. Ye have neither heard his 
255,And his return was to Ramah; for there was his house; and there he judged Israel; and there he built an altar unto the LORD. 
And it came to pass, when Samuel was old, that he made his sons judges over Israel. 
Now the name of his firstborn was Joel; and 
244,he Amorites, and the kingdom of Og king of Bashan, the land, with the cities thereof in the coasts, even the cities of the country round about. 
And the children of Gad built Dibon, and Ataroth, and Aroer, 
And Atroth, Shophan, and Jaazer, and 
292, it away, and take up a lamentation on high places; for the LORD hath rejected and forsaken the generation of his wrath. 
For the children of Judah have done evil in my sight, saith the LORD: they have set their abominations in the house which is called by my name, to pollute it. 
And they h
312,y king is a child, and thy princes eat in the morning! 
Blessed art thou, O land, when thy king is the son of nobles, and thy princes eat in due season, for strength, and not for drunkenness! 
By much slothfulness the building decayeth; and through idleness of the hands the house droppeth through. 
A feast is m
305,ul? how is it that ye have no faith? 
And they feared exceedingly, and said one to another, What manner of man is this, that even the wind and the sea obey him? 
And they came over unto the other side of the sea, into the country of the Gadarenes. 
And when he was come out of the ship, immediately there 
266,s of Ashdod, of Ammon, and of Moab: 
And their children spake half in the speech of Ashdod, and could not speak in the Jews' language, but according to the language of each people. 
And I contended with them, and cursed them, and smote certain of them, and plucked o
354,or the LORD hath driven out from before you great nations and strong: but as for you, no man hath been able to stand before you unto this day. 
One man of you shall chase a thousand: for the LORD your God, he it is that fighteth for you, as he hath promised you. 
Take good heed therefore unto yourselves, that ye love the LORD your God. 
Else if ye do i
256,, and went to him, to raise him up from the earth: but he would not, neither did he eat bread with them. 
And it came to pass on the seventh day, that the child died. And the servants of David feared to tell him that the child was dead: for they said, Beho
273,under Cyprus, because the winds were contrary. 
And when we had sailed over the sea of Cilicia and Pamphylia, we came to Myra, a city of Lycia. 
And there the centurion found a ship of Alexandria sailing into Italy; and he put us therein. 
And when we had sailed slowly man
246,y Jesus Christ; 
That in every thing ye are enriched by him, in all utterance, and in all knowledge; 
Even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you: 
So that ye come behind in no gift; waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ: 
Who 
333,d said, Whose daughter art thou? tell me, I pray thee: is there room in thy father's house for us to lodge in? 
And she said unto him, I am the daughter of Bethuel the son of Milcah, which she bare unto Nahor. 
She said moreover unto him, We have both straw and provender enough, and room to lodge in. 
And the man bowed down his hea
249,he day shall be dark over them. 
Then shall the seers be ashamed, and the diviners confounded: yea, they shall all cover their lips; for there is no answer of God. 
But truly I am full of power by the spirit of the LORD, and of judgment, and of migh
242,the Thessalonians, Aristarchus and Secundus; and Gaius of Derbe, and Timotheus; and of Asia, Tychicus and Trophimus. 
These going before tarried for us at Troas. 
And we sailed away from Philippi after the days of unleavened bread, and came u
319,ame. 
Gather up thy wares out of the land, O inhabitant of the fortress. 
For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will sling out the inhabitants of the land at this once, and will distress them, that they may find it so. 
Woe is me for my hurt! my wound is grievous; but I said, Truly this is a grief, and I must bear it. 
M
344,rael; and he judged Israel ten years. 
And Elon the Zebulonite died, and was buried in Aijalon in the country of Zebulun. 
And after him Abdon the son of Hillel, a Pirathonite, judged Israel. 
And he had forty sons and thirty nephews, that rode on threescore and ten ass colts: and he judged Israel eight years. 
And Abdon the son of Hillel the
360,ll be bought in this land, whereof ye say, It is desolate without man or beast; it is given into the hand of the Chaldeans. 
Men shall buy fields for money, and subscribe evidences, and seal them, and take witnesses in the land of Benjamin, and in the places about Jerusalem, and in the cities of Judah, and in the cities of the mountains, and in the cities of
301,ing of the flesh. 
If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God. 
Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth. 
For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God. 
When Christ, who is our life, shall appear
344,ge of God in the land. 
By swearing, and lying, and killing, and stealing, and committing adultery, they break out, and blood toucheth blood. 
Therefore shall the land mourn, and every one that dwelleth therein shall languish, with the beasts of the field, and with the fowls of heaven; yea, the fishes of the sea also shall be taken away. 
Yet
305,erefore when we could no longer forbear, we thought it good to be left at Athens alone; 
And sent Timotheus, our brother, and minister of God, and our fellowlabourer in the gospel of Christ, to establish you, and to comfort you concerning your faith: 
That no man should be moved by these afflictions: for
355,them judge the people at all seasons: and it shall be, that every great matter they shall bring unto thee, but every small matter they shall judge: so shall it be easier for thyself, and they shall bear the burden with thee. 
If thou shalt do this thing, and God command thee so, then thou shalt be able to endure, and all this people shall also go to the
283,ad commanded him; and smote the Philistines from Geba until thou come to Gazer. 
Again, David gathered together all the chosen men of Israel, thirty thousand. 
And David arose, and went with all the people that were with him from Baale of Judah, to bring up from thence the ark of Go
325,u shalt make forty sockets of silver under the twenty boards; two sockets under one board for his two tenons, and two sockets under another board for his two tenons. 
And for the second side of the tabernacle on the north side there shall be twenty boards: 
And their forty sockets of silver; two sockets under one board, and
312, death: and the third day he shall rise again. 
And they understood none of these things: and this saying was hid from them, neither knew they the things which were spoken. 
And it came to pass, that as he was come nigh unto Jericho, a certain blind man sat by the way side begging: 
And hearing the multitude pa
250,; and we all are the work of thy hand. 
Be not wroth very sore, O LORD, neither remember iniquity for ever: behold, see, we beseech thee, we are all thy people. 
Thy holy cities are a wilderness, Zion is a wilderness, Jerusalem a desolation. 
Our hol
318,trite heart, O God, thou wilt not despise. 
Do good in thy good pleasure unto Zion: build thou the walls of Jerusalem. 
Then shalt thou be pleased with the sacrifices of righteousness, with burnt offering and whole burnt offering: then shall they offer bullocks upon thine altar. 
Why boastest thou thyself in mischief
292,clean? when shall it once be? 
The word of the LORD that came to Jeremiah concerning the dearth. 
Judah mourneth, and the gates thereof languish; they are black unto the ground; and the cry of Jerusalem is gone up. 
And their nobles have sent their little ones to the waters: they came to the
283,le in the day of thy fall; yea, the isles that are in the sea shall be troubled at thy departure. 
For thus saith the Lord GOD; When I shall make thee a desolate city, like the cities that are not inhabited; when I shall bring up the deep upon thee, and great waters shall cover thee
305,f ye offer the blind for sacrifice, is it not evil? and if ye offer the lame and sick, is it not evil? offer it now unto thy governor; will he be pleased with thee, or accept thy person? saith the LORD of hosts. 
And now, I pray you, beseech God that he will be gracious unto us: this hath been by your me
329,: and he smote the men of the city, both small and great, and they had emerods in their secret parts. 
Therefore they sent the ark of God to Ekron. And it came to pass, as the ark of God came to Ekron, that the Ekronites cried out, saying, They have brought about the ark of the God of Israel to us, to slay us and our people. 
S
344,e come unto a place called Golgotha, that is to say, a place of a skull, 
They gave him vinegar to drink mingled with gall: and when he had tasted thereof, he would not drink. 
And they crucified him, and parted his garments, casting lots: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, They parted my garments among them, and upon
327, that have eyes, and the deaf that have ears. 
Let all the nations be gathered together, and let the people be assembled: who among them can declare this, and shew us former things? let them bring forth their witnesses, that they may be justified: or let them hear, and say, It is truth. 
Ye are my witnesses, saith the LORD, a
342,orn are mine; for on the day that I smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt I hallowed unto me all the firstborn in Israel, both man and beast: mine shall they be: I am the LORD. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, saying, 
Number the children of Levi after the house of their fathers, by their families: every mal
256,d it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God, which effectually worketh also in you that believe. 
For ye, brethren, became followers of the churches of God which in Judaea are in Christ Jesus: for ye also have suffered like things o
323,d one of the servants, and asked what these things meant. 
And he said unto him, Thy brother is come; and thy father hath killed the fatted calf, because he hath received him safe and sound. 
And he was angry, and would not go in: therefore came his father out, and intreated him. 
And he answering said to his father, Lo, 
291,for a memorial, even an offering made by fire unto the LORD. 
Every sabbath he shall set it in order before the LORD continually, being taken from the children of Israel by an everlasting covenant. 
And it shall be Aaron's and his sons'; and they shall eat it in the holy place: for it is mo
330,d in the field. 
And he left all that he had in Joseph's hand; and he knew not ought he had, save the bread which he did eat. And Joseph was a goodly person, and well favoured. 
And it came to pass after these things, that his master's wife cast her eyes upon Joseph; and she said, Lie with me. 
But he refused, and said unto his 
247,lieved, so be it done unto thee. And his servant was healed in the selfsame hour. 
And when Jesus was come into Peter's house, he saw his wife's mother laid, and sick of a fever. 
And he touched her hand, and the fever left her: and she arose, and
343,ypt. 
Then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron in haste; and he said, I have sinned against the LORD your God, and against you. 
Now therefore forgive, I pray thee, my sin only this once, and intreat the LORD your God, that he may take away from me this death only. 
And he went out from Pharaoh, and intreated the LORD. 
And the LORD turned a 
336,h my Father: and ye do that which ye have seen with your father. 
They answered and said unto him, Abraham is our father. Jesus saith unto them, If ye were Abraham's children, ye would do the works of Abraham. 
But now ye seek to kill me, a man that hath told you the truth, which I have heard of God: this did not Abraham. 
Ye do the d
244,uity of my heels shall compass me about? 
They that trust in their wealth, and boast themselves in the multitude of their riches; 
None of them can by any means redeem his brother, nor give to God a ransom for him: 
(For the redemption of their
281,e of the children of Gad according to the house of their fathers, have received their inheritance; and half the tribe of Manasseh have received their inheritance: 
The two tribes and the half tribe have received their inheritance on this side Jordan near Jericho eastward, toward t
286,ss, O daughter of the Chaldeans: for thou shalt no more be called, The lady of kingdoms. 
I was wroth with my people, I have polluted mine inheritance, and given them into thine hand: thou didst shew them no mercy; upon the ancient hast thou very heavily laid thy yoke. 
And thou saidst
268,a foundation built an house upon the earth; against which the stream did beat vehemently, and immediately it fell; and the ruin of that house was great. 
Now when he had ended all his sayings in the audience of the people, he entered into Capernaum. 
And a certain cen
279,se the people to return to Egypt, to the end that he should multiply horses: forasmuch as the LORD hath said unto you, Ye shall henceforth return no more that way. 
Neither shall he multiply wives to himself, that his heart turn not away: neither shall he greatly multiply to him
316,er his feet: 
All sheep and oxen, yea, and the beasts of the field; 
The fowl of the air, and the fish of the sea, and whatsoever passeth through the paths of the seas. 
O LORD our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth! 
I will praise thee, O LORD, with my whole heart; I will shew forth all thy marvellou
309,merchants received the linen yarn at a price. 
And a chariot came up and went out of Egypt for six hundred shekels of silver, and an horse for an hundred and fifty: and so for all the kings of the Hittites, and for the kings of Syria, did they bring them out by their means. 
But king Solomon loved many stran
307,out of thy brother's eye. 
Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again and rend you. 
Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you: 
For every one that asketh 
252,h, which is in the hand of Ephraim, and the tribes of Israel his fellows, and will put them with him, even with the stick of Judah, and make them one stick, and they shall be one in mine hand. 
And the sticks whereon thou writest shall be in thine hand
286, the way, at the head of the two ways, to use divination: he made his arrows bright, he consulted with images, he looked in the liver. 
At his right hand was the divination for Jerusalem, to appoint captains, to open the mouth in the slaughter, to lift up the voice with shouting, to ap
315,he candlestick of gold with the lamps thereof, to burn every evening: for we keep the charge of the LORD our God; but ye have forsaken him. 
And, behold, God himself is with us for our captain, and his priests with sounding trumpets to cry alarm against you. O children of Israel, fight ye not against the LORD God 
353,the fig tree which thou cursedst is withered away. 
And Jesus answering saith unto them, Have faith in God. 
For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass; he shall have whats
282,of, knowing of whom thou hast learned them; 
And that from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus. 
All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof
280,an of war from his youth. 
And David said unto Saul, Thy servant kept his father's sheep, and there came a lion, and a bear, and took a lamb out of the flock: 
And I went out after him, and smote him, and delivered it out of his mouth: and when he arose against me, I caught him b
259,on to the flesh, but by love serve one another. 
For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this; Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. 
But if ye bite and devour one another, take heed that ye be not consumed one of another. 
This I say then, Walk
289,put off our clothes, saving that every one put them off for washing. 
And there was a great cry of the people and of their wives against their brethren the Jews. 
For there were that said, We, our sons, and our daughters, are many: therefore we take up corn for them, that we may eat, and 
250,, that Joshua called for all the men of Israel, and said unto the captains of the men of war which went with him, Come near, put your feet upon the necks of these kings. And they came near, and put their feet upon the necks of them. 
And Joshua said 
351,eration shall praise thy works to another, and shall declare thy mighty acts. 
I will speak of the glorious honour of thy majesty, and of thy wondrous works. 
And men shall speak of the might of thy terrible acts: and I will declare thy greatness. 
They shall abundantly utter the memory of thy great goodness, and shall sing of thy righteousness. 
Th
355,a man be found stealing any of his brethren of the children of Israel, and maketh merchandise of him, or selleth him; then that thief shall die; and thou shalt put evil away from among you. 
Take heed in the plague of leprosy, that thou observe diligently, and do according to all that the priests the Levites shall teach you: as I commanded them, so ye s
318, smoother than oil: 
But her end is bitter as wormwood, sharp as a two-edged sword. 
Her feet go down to death; her steps take hold on hell. 
Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life, her ways are moveable, that thou canst not know them. 
Hear me now therefore, O ye children, and depart not from the words of my mo
287, 
I indeed have baptized you with water: but he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost. 
And it came to pass in those days, that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and was baptized of John in Jordan. 
And straightway coming up out of the water, he saw the heavens opened, and the Spirit
267,he priests thereof that rejoiced on it, for the glory thereof, because it is departed from it. 
It shall be also carried unto Assyria for a present to king Jareb: Ephraim shall receive shame, and Israel shall be ashamed of his own counsel. 
As for Samaria, her king i
288,some seeds fell by the way side, and the fowls came and devoured them up: 
Some fell upon stony places, where they had not much earth: and forthwith they sprung up, because they had no deepness of earth: 
And when the sun was up, they were scorched; and because they had no root, they wit
348,) 
That they sent and called him. And Jeroboam and all the congregation of Israel came, and spake unto Rehoboam, saying, 
Thy father made our yoke grievous: now therefore make thou the grievous service of thy father, and his heavy yoke which he put upon us, lighter, and we will serve thee. 
And he said unto them, Depart yet for three days, then c
359,hen that all these things shall be dissolved, what manner of persons ought ye to be in all holy conversation and godliness, 
Looking for and hasting unto the coming of the day of God, wherein the heavens being on fire shall be dissolved, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat? 
Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new
336,n the city of David his father: and Rehoboam his son reigned in his stead. 
And Rehoboam went to Shechem: for to Shechem were all Israel come to make him king. 
And it came to pass, when Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who was in Egypt, whither he fled from the presence of Solomon the king, heard it, that Jeroboam returned out of Egypt. 
A
311,ently; and, behold, if it be truth, and the thing certain, that such abomination is wrought among you; 
Thou shalt surely smite the inhabitants of that city with the edge of the sword, destroying it utterly, and all that is therein, and the cattle thereof, with the edge of the sword. 
And thou shalt gather all
267,h he established the heavens. 
By his knowledge the depths are broken up, and the clouds drop down the dew. 
My son, let not them depart from thine eyes: keep sound wisdom and discretion: 
So shall they be life unto thy soul, and grace to thy neck. 
Then shalt thou w
358,, after which ye use to go a whoring: 
That ye may remember, and do all my commandments, and be holy unto your God. 
I am the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of Egypt, to be your God: I am the LORD your God. 
Now Korah, the son of Izhar, the son of Kohath, the son of Levi, and Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab, and On, the son of Peleth
288, they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh; but they that are after the Spirit the things of the Spirit. 
For to be carnally minded is death; but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. 
Because the carnal mind is enmity against God: for it is not subject to the l
264,brought him with chains unto the land of Egypt. 
Now when she saw that she had waited, and her hope was lost, then she took another of her whelps, and made him a young lion. 
And he went up and down among the lions, he became a young lion, and learned to catch the
311,e the birds make their nests: as for the stork, the fir trees are her house. 
The high hills are a refuge for the wild goats; and the rocks for the conies. 
He appointed the moon for seasons: the sun knoweth his going down. 
Thou makest darkness, and it is night: wherein all the beasts of the forest do creep f
247, of Saul thine enemy, which sought thy life; and the LORD hath avenged my lord the king this day of Saul, and of his seed. 
And David answered Rechab and Baanah his brother, the sons of Rimmon the Beerothite, and said unto them, As the LORD liveth
241,e to the LORD, for he hath triumphed gloriously; the horse and his rider hath he thrown into the sea. 
So Moses brought Israel from the Red sea, and they went out into the wilderness of Shur; and they went three days in the wilderness, and f
261,d, behold, if the scall spread not, and there be in it no yellow hair, and the scall be not in sight deeper than the skin; 
He shall be shaven, but the scall shall he not shave; and the priest shall shut up him that hath the scall seven days more: 
And in the s
336, art come against me to fight in my land? 
And the king of the children of Ammon answered unto the messengers of Jephthah, Because Israel took away my land, when they came up out of Egypt, from Arnon even unto Jabbok, and unto Jordan: now therefore restore those lands again peaceably. 
And Jephthah sent messengers again unto the king 
324,s stood beside the stays. 
And twelve lions stood there on the one side and on the other upon the six steps: there was not the like made in any kingdom. 
And all king Solomon's drinking vessels were of gold, and all the vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon were of pure gold; none were of silver: it was nothing acc
245,uised reed shall he not break, and smoking flax shall he not quench, till he send forth judgment unto victory. 
And in his name shall the Gentiles trust. 
Then was brought unto him one possessed with a devil, blind, and dumb: and he healed him, 
247,e in heaven: and come, follow me. 
And when he heard this, he was very sorrowful: for he was very rich. 
And when Jesus saw that he was very sorrowful, he said, How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God! 
For it is easie
343,tise you with scorpions. 
Wherefore the king hearkened not unto the people; for the cause was from the LORD, that he might perform his saying, which the LORD spake by Ahijah the Shilonite unto Jeroboam the son of Nebat. 
So when all Israel saw that the king hearkened not unto them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we i
296,d my spirit was overwhelmed. Selah. 
Thou holdest mine eyes waking: I am so troubled that I cannot speak. 
I have considered the days of old, the years of ancient times. 
I call to remembrance my song in the night: I commune with mine own heart: and my spirit made diligent search. 
Will the Lord
349,ame to us in Asia, that we were pressed out of measure, above strength, insomuch that we despaired even of life: 
But we had the sentence of death in ourselves, that we should not trust in ourselves, but in God which raiseth the dead: 
Who delivered us from so great a death, and doth deliver: in whom we trust that he will yet deliver us; 
Ye also 
317,s, as in obeying the voice of the LORD? Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams. 
For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Because thou hast rejected the word of the LORD, he hath also rejected thee from being king. 
And Saul said 
269,f the earth. 
Pass through thy land as a river, O daughter of Tarshish: there is no more strength. 
He stretched out his hand over the sea, he shook the kingdoms: the LORD hath given a commandment against the merchant city, to destroy the strong holds thereof. 
And he 
264,en that are with me in Judah and in Jerusalem, whom David my father did provide. 
Send me also cedar trees, fir trees, and algum trees, out of Lebanon: for I know that thy servants can skill to cut timber in Lebanon; and, behold, my servants shall be with thy serv
272,he whom thou lovest is sick. 
When Jesus heard that, he said, This sickness is not unto death, but for the glory of God, that the Son of God might be glorified thereby. 
Now Jesus loved Martha, and her sister, and Lazarus. 
When he had heard therefore that he was sick, he
356, dismayed at the seeing of it. 
My heart panted, fearfulness affrighted me: the night of my pleasure hath he turned into fear unto me. 
Prepare the table, watch in the watchtower, eat, drink: arise, ye princes, and anoint the shield. 
For thus hath the LORD said unto me, Go, set a watchman, let him declare what he seeth. 
And he saw a chariot with a coup
354,ch looked toward the north: and, behold, there was a place on the two sides westward. 
Then said he unto me, This is the place where the priests shall boil the trespass offering and the sin offering, where they shall bake the meat offering; that they bear them not out into the utter court, to sanctify the people. 
Then he brought me forth into the utte
346,one ordinance, both for the stranger, and for him that was born in the land. 
And on the day that the tabernacle was reared up the cloud covered the tabernacle, namely, the tent of the testimony: and at even there was upon the tabernacle as it were the appearance of fire, until the morning. 
So it was alway: the cloud covered it by day, and the
275,peace shall destroy many: he shall also stand up against the Prince of princes; but he shall be broken without hand. 
And the vision of the evening and the morning which was told is true: wherefore shut thou up the vision; for it shall be for many days. 
And I Daniel fainted
344,is redemption. 
And as a yearly hired servant shall he be with him: and the other shall not rule with rigour over him in thy sight. 
And if he be not redeemed in these years, then he shall go out in the year of jubile, both he, and his children with him. 
For unto me the children of Israel are servants; they are my servants whom I brought for
256, in our eyes. 
This is the day which the LORD hath made; we will rejoice and be glad in it. 
Save now, I beseech thee, O LORD: O LORD, I beseech thee, send now prosperity. 
Blessed be he that cometh in the name of the LORD: we have blessed you out of the h
285, for us; neither if half of us die, will they care for us: but now thou art worth ten thousand of us: therefore now it is better that thou succour us out of the city. 
And the king said unto them, What seemeth you best I will do. And the king stood by the gate side, and all the people
350, the people that was with him covered every man his head, and they went up, weeping as they went up. 
And one told David, saying, Ahithophel is among the conspirators with Absalom. And David said, O LORD, I pray thee, turn the counsel of Ahithophel into foolishness. 
And it came to pass, that when David was come to the top of the mount, where he wo
284, or to the left. 
And when the ass saw the angel of the LORD, she fell down under Balaam: and Balaam's anger was kindled, and he smote the ass with a staff. 
And the LORD opened the mouth of the ass, and she said unto Balaam, What have I done unto thee, that thou hast smitten me thes
329,nd stamped the residue with the feet of it: and it was diverse from all the beasts that were before it; and it had ten horns. 
I considered the horns, and, behold, there came up among them another little horn, before whom there were three of the first horns plucked up by the roots: and, behold, in this horn were eyes like the e
353,made the staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with brass. 
And he put the staves into the rings on the sides of the altar, to bear it withal; he made the altar hollow with boards. 
And he made the laver of brass, and the foot of it of brass, of the lookingglasses of the women assembling, which assembled at the door of the tabernacle of the congre
287,with David, when they defied the Philistines that were there gathered together to battle, and the men of Israel were gone away: 
He arose, and smote the Philistines until his hand was weary, and his hand clave unto the sword: and the LORD wrought a great victory that day; and the people
243, hand, and shoes on his feet: 
And bring hither the fatted calf, and kill it; and let us eat, and be merry: 
For this my son was dead, and is alive again; he was lost, and is found. And they began to be merry. 
Now his elder son was in the fie
325,For there is not a word in my tongue, but, lo, O LORD, thou knowest it altogether. 
Thou hast beset me behind and before, and laid thine hand upon me. 
Such knowledge is too wonderful for me; it is high, I cannot attain unto it. 
Whither shall I go from thy spirit? or whither shall I flee from thy presence? 
If I ascend up 
335,er that sojourneth among you: 
For on that day shall the priest make an atonement for you, to cleanse you, that ye may be clean from all your sins before the LORD. 
It shall be a sabbath of rest unto you, and ye shall afflict your souls, by a statute for ever. 
And the priest, whom he shall anoint, and whom he shall consecrate to min
347, did so, and fulfilled her week: and he gave him Rachel his daughter to wife also. 
And Laban gave to Rachel his daughter Bilhah his handmaid to be her maid. 
And he went in also unto Rachel, and he loved also Rachel more than Leah, and served with him yet seven other years. 
And when the LORD saw that Leah was hated, he opened her womb: but Rac
250,t than the mountains of prey. 
The stouthearted are spoiled, they have slept their sleep: and none of the men of might have found their hands. 
At thy rebuke, O God of Jacob, both the chariot and horse are cast into a dead sleep. 
Thou, even thou, ar
334, and bitterness: 
Their feet are swift to shed blood: 
Destruction and misery are in their ways: 
And the way of peace have they not known: 
There is no fear of God before their eyes. 
Now we know that what things soever the law saith, it saith to them who are under the law: that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may bec
244,n departed out of the city from Bethlehemjudah to sojourn where he could find a place: and he came to mount Ephraim to the house of Micah, as he journeyed. 
And Micah said unto him, Whence comest thou? And he said unto him, I am a Levite of Bet
304, rock of the field? or shall the cold flowing waters that come from another place be forsaken? 
Because my people hath forgotten me, they have burned incense to vanity, and they have caused them to stumble in their ways from the ancient paths, to walk in paths, in a way not cast up; 
To make their land 
321,verlaid round about with gold, wherein was the golden pot that had manna, and Aaron's rod that budded, and the tables of the covenant; 
And over it the cherubims of glory shadowing the mercyseat; of which we cannot now speak particularly. 
Now when these things were thus ordained, the priests went always into the first 
326,ll be desolation. 
Because thou hast forgotten the God of thy salvation, and hast not been mindful of the rock of thy strength, therefore shalt thou plant pleasant plants, and shalt set it with strange slips: 
In the day shalt thou make thy plant to grow, and in the morning shalt thou make thy seed to flourish: but the harve
313,cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; that thy manservant and thy maidservant may rest as well as thou. 
And remember that thou wast a servant in the land of Egypt, and that the LORD thy God brought thee out thence through a mighty hand and by a stretched out arm: therefore the LORD thy God commande
329, ye have no faith? 
And they feared exceedingly, and said one to another, What manner of man is this, that even the wind and the sea obey him? 
And they came over unto the other side of the sea, into the country of the Gadarenes. 
And when he was come out of the ship, immediately there met him out of the tombs a man with an unc
349,y, and shut it to them, and gat them up to the top of the tower. 
And Abimelech came unto the tower, and fought against it, and went hard unto the door of the tower to burn it with fire. 
And a certain woman cast a piece of a millstone upon Abimelech's head, and all to brake his skull. 
Then he called hastily unto the young man his armourbearer, a
277,howbeit not all that came out of Egypt by Moses. 
But with whom was he grieved forty years? was it not with them that had sinned, whose carcases fell in the wilderness? 
And to whom sware he that they should not enter into his rest, but to them that believed not? 
So we see th
253,. 
And it came to pass, that after three days Paul called the chief of the Jews together: and when they were come together, he said unto them, Men and brethren, though I have committed nothing against the people, or customs of our fathers, yet was I del
321,my people dwell, that no swarms of flies shall be there; to the end thou mayest know that I am the LORD in the midst of the earth. 
And I will put a division between my people and thy people: to morrow shall this sign be. 
And the LORD did so; and there came a grievous swarm of flies into the house of Pharaoh, and into 
279,the law, but under grace. 
What then? shall we sin, because we are not under the law, but under grace? God forbid. 
Know ye not, that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey; whether of sin unto death, or of obedience unto righteousness?
285,am: go, tell thy lord, Behold, Elijah is here. 
And he said, What have I sinned, that thou wouldest deliver thy servant into the hand of Ahab, to slay me? 
As the LORD thy God liveth, there is no nation or kingdom, whither my lord hath not sent to seek thee: and when they said, He is 
282, and three hundred, which ruled over the people that wrought in the work. 
And the king commanded, and they brought great stones, costly stones, and hewed stones, to lay the foundation of the house. 
And Solomon's builders and Hiram's builders did hew them, and the stonesquarers: s
255,s: thy wise men, O Tyrus, that were in thee, were thy pilots. 
The ancients of Gebal and the wise men thereof were in thee thy calkers: all the ships of the sea with their mariners were in thee to occupy thy merchandise. 
They of Persia and of Lud and of 
282,thren: and the first took a wife, and died without children. 
And the second took her to wife, and he died childless. 
And the third took her; and in like manner the seven also: and they left no children, and died. 
Last of all the woman died also. 
Therefore in the resurrection wh
350, of treasures hid in the sand. 
And of Gad he said, Blessed be he that enlargeth Gad: he dwelleth as a lion, and teareth the arm with the crown of the head. 
And he provided the first part for himself, because there, in a portion of the lawgiver, was he seated; and he came with the heads of the people, he executed the justice of the LORD, and his j
298,ejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory: 
Receiving the end of your faith, even the salvation of your souls. 
Of which salvation the prophets have enquired and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you: 
Searching what, or what manner of time the Spirit of Ch
305,g and gnashing of teeth, when ye shall see Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, and all the prophets, in the kingdom of God, and you yourselves thrust out. 
And they shall come from the east, and from the west, and from the north, and from the south, and shall sit down in the kingdom of God. 
And, behold, ther
314,took Pharaoh's daughter, and brought her into the city of David, until he had made an end of building his own house, and the house of the LORD, and the wall of Jerusalem round about. 
Only the people sacrificed in high places, because there was no house built unto the name of the LORD, until those days. 
And Solo
295,hine ear was not opened: for I knew that thou wouldest deal very treacherously, and wast called a transgressor from the womb. 
For my name's sake will I defer mine anger, and for my praise will I refrain for thee, that I cut thee not off. 
Behold, I have refined thee, but not with silver; I hav
317,t to thee; and it shall be for food for thee, and for them. 
Thus did Noah; according to all that God commanded him, so did he. 
And the LORD said unto Noah, Come thou and all thy house into the ark; for thee have I seen righteous before me in this generation. 
Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee by sevens,
293,e, if it make thee answer of peace, and open unto thee, then it shall be, that all the people that is found therein shall be tributaries unto thee, and they shall serve thee. 
And if it will make no peace with thee, but will make war against thee, then thou shalt besiege it: 
And when the LOR
320,hereof was heard in the Red sea. 
Behold, he shall come up and fly as the eagle, and spread his wings over Bozrah: and at that day shall the heart of the mighty men of Edom be as the heart of a woman in her pangs. 
Concerning Damascus. Hamath is confounded, and Arpad: for they have heard evil tidings: they are fainthea
317,s in Christ: 
According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love: 
Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will, 
To the praise of the glory of his grace,
324, thee in all thine increase, and in all the works of thine hands, therefore thou shalt surely rejoice. 
Three times in a year shall all thy males appear before the LORD thy God in the place which he shall choose; in the feast of unleavened bread, and in the feast of weeks, and in the feast of tabernacles: and they shall no
261,cording as he commanded them: 
For his sons carried him into the land of Canaan, and buried him in the cave of the field of Machpelah, which Abraham bought with the field for a possession of a buryingplace of Ephron the Hittite, before Mamre. 
And Joseph return
323,mcision in the flesh made by hands; 
That at that time ye were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world: 
But now in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ. 
For he is our
319,ap. 
Let their eyes be darkened, that they see not; and make their loins continually to shake. 
Pour out thine indignation upon them, and let thy wrathful anger take hold of them. 
Let their habitation be desolate; and let none dwell in their tents. 
For they persecute him whom thou hast smitten; and they talk to the 
278,ey were brought into subjection under their hand. 
Many times did he deliver them; but they provoked him with their counsel, and were brought low for their iniquity. 
Nevertheless he regarded their affliction, when he heard their cry: 
And he remembered for them his covenant, a
359, the Amorites, that were beyond Jordan, to Sihon king of Heshbon, and to Og king of Bashan, which was at Ashtaroth. 
Wherefore our elders and all the inhabitants of our country spake to us, saying, Take victuals with you for the journey, and go to meet them, and say unto them, We are your servants: therefore now make ye a league with us. 
This our bread we 
353, moment. 
Deceit is in the heart of them that imagine evil: but to the counsellors of peace is joy. 
There shall no evil happen to the just: but the wicked shall be filled with mischief. 
Lying lips are abomination to the LORD: but they that deal truly are his delight. 
A prudent man concealeth knowledge: but the heart of fools proclaimeth foolishness
308,neration to generation. 
He hath shewed strength with his arm; he hath scattered the proud in the imagination of their hearts. 
He hath put down the mighty from their seats, and exalted them of low degree. 
He hath filled the hungry with good things; and the rich he hath sent empty away. 
He hath holpen his
312,ls of Jericho fell down, after they were compassed about seven days. 
By faith the harlot Rahab perished not with them that believed not, when she had received the spies with peace. 
And what shall I more say? for the time would fail me to tell of Gedeon, and of Barak, and of Samson, and of Jephthae; of David a
250,ness against thee. 
But Jesus yet answered nothing; so that Pilate marvelled. 
Now at that feast he released unto them one prisoner, whomsoever they desired. 
And there was one named Barabbas, which lay bound with them that had made insurrection with
344, friends heard of it, they went out to lay hold on him: for they said, He is beside himself. 
And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils. 
And he called them unto him, and said unto them in parables, How can Satan cast out Satan? 
And if a kingdom be divided ag
323,neth wide his lips shall have destruction. 
The soul of the sluggard desireth, and hath nothing: but the soul of the diligent shall be made fat. 
A righteous man hateth lying: but a wicked man is loathsome, and cometh to shame. 
Righteousness keepeth him that is upright in the way: but wickedness overthroweth the sinner. 
360,. 
Whoso robbeth his father or his mother, and saith, It is no transgression; the same is the companion of a destroyer. 
He that is of a proud heart stirreth up strife: but he that putteth his trust in the LORD shall be made fat. 
He that trusteth in his own heart is a fool: but whoso walketh wisely, he shall be delivered. 
He that giveth unto the poor shall
276,ibute, and custom, was paid unto them. 
Give ye now commandment to cause these men to cease, and that this city be not builded, until another commandment shall be given from me. 
Take heed now that ye fail not to do this: why should damage grow to the hurt of the kings? 
Now 
287,ainst the children of Ammon, and didst not call us to go with thee? we will burn thine house upon thee with fire. 
And Jephthah said unto them, I and my people were at great strife with the children of Ammon; and when I called you, ye delivered me not out of their hands. 
And when I saw
355, unto me, and hear me: I mourn in my complaint, and make a noise; 
Because of the voice of the enemy, because of the oppression of the wicked: for they cast iniquity upon me, and in wrath they hate me. 
My heart is sore pained within me: and the terrors of death are fallen upon me. 
Fearfulness and trembling are come upon me, and horror hath overwhelmed
270, work is done, it must be put into water, and it shall be unclean until the even; so it shall be cleansed. 
And every earthen vessel, whereinto any of them falleth, whatsoever is in it shall be unclean; and ye shall break it. 
Of all meat which may be eaten, that on whi
285,he name of the LORD Jesus, saying, We adjure you by Jesus whom Paul preacheth. 
And there were seven sons of one Sceva, a Jew, and chief of the priests, which did so. 
And the evil spirit answered and said, Jesus I know, and Paul I know; but who are ye? 
And the man in whom the evil s
262,u? And he said unto him, Out of the camp of Israel am I escaped. 
And David said unto him, How went the matter? I pray thee, tell me. And he answered, That the people are fled from the battle, and many of the people also are fallen and dead; and Saul and Jonatha
299,lf, and went out from Pharaoh. 
And Pharaoh's servants said unto him, How long shall this man be a snare unto us? let the men go, that they may serve the LORD their God: knowest thou not yet that Egypt is destroyed? 
And Moses and Aaron were brought again unto Pharaoh: and he said unto them, Go, se
337,efore of God in Christ, the law, which was four hundred and thirty years after, cannot disannul, that it should make the promise of none effect. 
For if the inheritance be of the law, it is no more of promise: but God gave it to Abraham by promise. 
Wherefore then serveth the law? It was added because of transgressions, till the seed s
322,just. 
Surely he scorneth the scorners: but he giveth grace unto the lowly. 
The wise shall inherit glory: but shame shall be the promotion of fools. 
Hear, ye children, the instruction of a father, and attend to know understanding. 
For I give you good doctrine, forsake ye not my law. 
For I was my father's son, tender 
316,untain of God, even to Horeb. 
And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed. 
And Moses said, I will now turn aside, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt. 
And when the L
320,ey not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah? 
And there was war between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all their days. 
And Rehoboam slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David. And his mother's name was Naamah an Ammonitess. And Abijam his son reigned in his stead. 
Now i
312,ry among the heathen; his marvellous works among all nations. 
For great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised: he also is to be feared above all gods. 
For all the gods of the people are idols: but the LORD made the heavens. 
Glory and honour are in his presence; strength and gladness are in his place. 
Give 
325,ow that I am the LORD. 
The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying, 
Son of man, set thy face against the Ammonites, and prophesy against them; 
And say unto the Ammonites, Hear the word of the Lord GOD; Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou saidst, Aha, against my sanctuary, when it was profaned; and against the land 
307,ed in his heart that he will keep his virgin, doeth well. 
So then he that giveth her in marriage doeth well; but he that giveth her not in marriage doeth better. 
The wife is bound by the law as long as her husband liveth; but if her husband be dead, she is at liberty to be married to whom she will; only 
296, bear their iniquity. 
Yet they shall be ministers in my sanctuary, having charge at the gates of the house, and ministering to the house: they shall slay the burnt offering and the sacrifice for the people, and they shall stand before them to minister unto them. 
Because they ministered unto th
275,ba. And when they had called him unto David, the king said unto him, Art thou Ziba? And he said, Thy servant is he. 
And the king said, Is there not yet any of the house of Saul, that I may shew the kindness of God unto him? And Ziba said unto the king, Jonathan hath yet a s
296, the law, and the words which the LORD of hosts hath sent in his spirit by the former prophets: therefore came a great wrath from the LORD of hosts. 
Therefore it is come to pass, that as he cried, and they would not hear; so they cried, and I would not hear, saith the LORD of hosts: 
But I scat
357,anger of the LORD was hot against Israel, and he sold them into the hand of Chushanrishathaim king of Mesopotamia: and the children of Israel served Chushanrishathaim eight years. 
And when the children of Israel cried unto the LORD, the LORD raised up a deliverer to the children of Israel, who delivered them, even Othniel the son of Kenaz, Caleb's younge
244,ion throughout all Judah; none was exempted: and they took away the stones of Ramah, and the timber thereof, wherewith Baasha had builded; and king Asa built with them Geba of Benjamin, and Mizpah. 
The rest of all the acts of Asa, and all his 
336,. 
And there ran a young man, and told Moses, and said, Eldad and Medad do prophesy in the camp. 
And Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of Moses, one of his young men, answered and said, My lord Moses, forbid them. 
And Moses said unto him, Enviest thou for my sake? would God that all the LORD'S people were prophets, and that the LOR
352,r come upon you. 
Seek ye the LORD, all ye meek of the earth, which have wrought his judgment; seek righteousness, seek meekness: it may be ye shall be hid in the day of the LORD's anger. 
For Gaza shall be forsaken, and Ashkelon a desolation: they shall drive out Ashdod at the noon day, and Ekron shall be rooted up. 
Woe unto the inhabitants of the 
354,he Lord God of the holy prophets sent his angel to shew unto his servants the things which must shortly be done. 
Behold, I come quickly: blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book. 
And I John saw these things, and heard them. And when I had heard and seen, I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel which shewed me th
270,the mountains, and blasphemed me upon the hills: therefore will I measure their former work into their bosom. 
Thus saith the LORD, As the new wine is found in the cluster, and one saith, Destroy it not; for a blessing is in it: so will I do for my servants' sakes, that
257,ys are swifter than a weaver's shuttle, and are spent without hope. 
O remember that my life is wind: mine eye shall no more see good. 
The eye of him that hath seen me shall see me no more: thine eyes are upon me, and I am not. 
As the cloud is consumed an
360,to the God of heaven: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
By the rivers of Babylon, there we sat down, yea, we wept, when we remembered Zion. 
We hanged our harps upon the willows in the midst thereof. 
For there they that carried us away captive required of us a song; and they that wasted us required of us mirth, saying, Sing us one of the songs of Zion. 
How
291,th out of Egypt, them they had not circumcised. 
For the children of Israel walked forty years in the wilderness, till all the people that were men of war, which came out of Egypt, were consumed, because they obeyed not the voice of the LORD: unto whom the LORD sware that he would not shew 
272,And they told him the tidings of the men of Jabesh. 
And the Spirit of God came upon Saul when he heard those tidings, and his anger was kindled greatly. 
And he took a yoke of oxen, and hewed them in pieces, and sent them throughout all the coasts of Israel by the hands 
320,Zechariah: of Benjamin, Jaasiel the son of Abner: 
Of Dan, Azareel the son of Jeroham. These were the princes of the tribes of Israel. 
But David took not the number of them from twenty years old and under: because the LORD had said he would increase Israel like to the stars of the heavens. 
Joab the son of Zeruiah beg
269,ye my face; my heart said unto thee, Thy face, LORD, will I seek. 
Hide not thy face far from me; put not thy servant away in anger: thou hast been my help; leave me not, neither forsake me, O God of my salvation. 
When my father and my mother forsake me, then the LORD
255,. 
I wisdom dwell with prudence, and find out knowledge of witty inventions. 
The fear of the LORD is to hate evil: pride, and arrogancy, and the evil way, and the froward mouth, do I hate. 
Counsel is mine, and sound wisdom: I am understanding; I have st
243,nvious at the foolish, when I saw the prosperity of the wicked. 
For there are no bands in their death: but their strength is firm. 
They are not in trouble as other men; neither are they plagued like other men. 
Therefore pride compasseth the
359,yes. 
And it shall be, when they say unto thee, Wherefore sighest thou? that thou shalt answer, For the tidings; because it cometh: and every heart shall melt, and all hands shall be feeble, and every spirit shall faint, and all knees shall be weak as water: behold, it cometh, and shall be brought to pass, saith the Lord GOD. 
Again the word of the LORD cam
284,, Hold thy tongue: for we may not make mention of the name of the LORD. 
For, behold, the LORD commandeth, and he will smite the great house with breaches, and the little house with clefts. 
Shall horses run upon the rock? will one plow there with oxen? for ye have turned judgment in
260,r of God, and doeth his will, him he heareth. 
Since the world began was it not heard that any man opened the eyes of one that was born blind. 
If this man were not of God, he could do nothing. 
They answered and said unto him, Thou wast altogether born in sin
323,d, adorned themselves, being in subjection unto their own husbands: 
Even as Sara obeyed Abraham, calling him lord: whose daughters ye are, as long as ye do well, and are not afraid with any amazement. 
Likewise, ye husbands, dwell with them according to knowledge, giving honour unto the wife, as unto the weaker vessel, a
278,nd the whole congregation of the children of Israel murmured against Moses and Aaron in the wilderness: 
And the children of Israel said unto them, Would to God we had died by the hand of the LORD in the land of Egypt, when we sat by the flesh pots, and when we did eat bread to
295,ld him all things, both what they had done, and what they had taught. 
And he said unto them, Come ye yourselves apart into a desert place, and rest a while: for there were many coming and going, and they had no leisure so much as to eat. 
And they departed into a desert place by ship privately
274,mself three times: and they kissed one another, and wept one with another, until David exceeded. 
And Jonathan said to David, Go in peace, forasmuch as we have sworn both of us in the name of the LORD, saying, The LORD be between me and thee, and between my seed and thy see
271, Thou shalt not let thy cattle gender with a diverse kind: thou shalt not sow thy field with mingled seed: neither shall a garment mingled of linen and woollen come upon thee. 
And whosoever lieth carnally with a woman, that is a bondmaid, betrothed to an husband, and no
347,on in your sight, saith the LORD. 
Behold, I am against thee, O destroying mountain, saith the LORD, which destroyest all the earth: and I will stretch out mine hand upon thee, and roll thee down from the rocks, and will make thee a burnt mountain. 
And they shall not take of thee a stone for a corner, nor a stone for foundations; but thou shalt
326, men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you. 
Your riches are corrupted, and your garments are motheaten. 
Your gold and silver is cankered; and the rust of them shall be a witness against you, and shall eat your flesh as it were fire. Ye have heaped treasure together for the last days. 
Behold, the hire o
290,Jesus and his disciples into the land of Judaea; and there he tarried with them, and baptized. 
And John also was baptizing in Aenon near to Salim, because there was much water there: and they came, and were baptized. 
For John was not yet cast into prison. 
Then there arose a question bet
341,ff, he ran and worshipped him, 
And cried with a loud voice, and said, What have I to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of the most high God? I adjure thee by God, that thou torment me not. 
For he said unto him, Come out of the man, thou unclean spirit. 
And he asked him, What is thy name? And he answered, saying, My name is Legion: for we ar
326,th. Go up, O Elam: besiege, O Media; all the sighing thereof have I made to cease. 
Therefore are my loins filled with pain: pangs have taken hold upon me, as the pangs of a woman that travaileth: I was bowed down at the hearing of it; I was dismayed at the seeing of it. 
My heart panted, fearfulness affrighted me: the night
338,e found. But of the matter of the kingdom, whereof Samuel spake, he told him not. 
And Samuel called the people together unto the LORD to Mizpeh; 
And said unto the children of Israel, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I brought up Israel out of Egypt, and delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all kingd
244,nd the decree of Esther confirmed these matters of Purim; and it was written in the book. 
And the king Ahasuerus laid a tribute upon the land, and upon the isles of the sea. 
And all the acts of his power and of his might, and the declaration 
303,emselves: they went every one straight forward. 
Moreover the spirit lifted me up, and brought me unto the east gate of the LORD's house, which looketh eastward: and behold at the door of the gate five and twenty men; among whom I saw Jaazaniah the son of Azur, and Pelatiah the son of Benaiah, princes 
311,d the prophecy of Oded the prophet, he took courage, and put away the abominable idols out of all the land of Judah and Benjamin, and out of the cities which he had taken from mount Ephraim, and renewed the altar of the LORD, that was before the porch of the LORD. 
And he gathered all Judah and Benjamin, and t
268,f the people, and officers over them; and bring them unto the tabernacle of the congregation, that they may stand there with thee. 
And I will come down and talk with thee there: and I will take of the spirit which is upon thee, and will put it upon them; and they sha
336,er lent on usury, nor men have lent to me on usury; yet every one of them doth curse me. 
The LORD said, Verily it shall be well with thy remnant; verily I will cause the enemy to entreat thee well in the time of evil and in the time of affliction. 
Shall iron break the northern iron and the steel? 
Thy substance and thy treasures wil
267,f his evil heart. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD; Ask ye now among the heathen, who hath heard such things: the virgin of Israel hath done a very horrible thing. 
Will a man leave the snow of Lebanon which cometh from the rock of the field? or shall the cold flowing 
335,e valleys, and in the plains, and in the springs, and in the wilderness, and in the south country; the Hittites, the Amorites, and the Canaanites, the Perizzites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites: 
The king of Jericho, one; the king of Ai, which is beside Bethel, one; 
The king of Jerusalem, one; the king of Hebron, one; 
The king of J
315, he is terrible to the kings of the earth. 
I cried unto God with my voice, even unto God with my voice; and he gave ear unto me. 
In the day of my trouble I sought the Lord: my sore ran in the night, and ceased not: my soul refused to be comforted. 
I remembered God, and was troubled: I complained, and my spirit 
348,son of perdition; 
Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshipped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, shewing himself that he is God. 
Remember ye not, that, when I was yet with you, I told you these things? 
And now ye know what withholdeth that he might be revealed in his time. 
For the myster
272,; 
And forgettest the LORD thy maker, that hath stretched forth the heavens, and laid the foundations of the earth; and hast feared continually every day because of the fury of the oppressor, as if he were ready to destroy? and where is the fury of the oppressor? 
The cap
317,
Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see him, and they also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen. 
I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty. 
I John, who also am 
312,ching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here. 
No man, when he hath lighted a candle, putteth it in a secret place, neither under a bushel, but on a candlestick, that they which come in may see the light. 
The light of the body is the eye: therefore when thine eye is single, thy whole body also is 
297,aron to have destroyed him: and I prayed for Aaron also the same time. 
And I took your sin, the calf which ye had made, and burnt it with fire, and stamped it, and ground it very small, even until it was as small as dust: and I cast the dust thereof into the brook that descended out of the mount
318,er, and that she were called by name. 
Now when the turn of Esther, the daughter of Abihail the uncle of Mordecai, who had taken her for his daughter, was come to go in unto the king, she required nothing but what Hegai the king's chamberlain, the keeper of the women, appointed. And Esther obtained favour in the sigh
242, he came to Ephesus, and left them there: but he himself entered into the synagogue, and reasoned with the Jews. 
When they desired him to tarry longer time with them, he consented not; 
But bade them farewell, saying, I must by all means kee
274,re with young. 
Who hath measured the waters in the hollow of his hand, and meted out heaven with the span, and comprehended the dust of the earth in a measure, and weighed the mountains in scales, and the hills in a balance? 
Who hath directed the Spirit of the LORD, or be
307,pursued after them the way to Jordan unto the fords: and as soon as they which pursued after them were gone out, they shut the gate. 
And before they were laid down, she came up unto them upon the roof; 
And she said unto the men, I know that the LORD hath given you the land, and that your terror is fallen
250, princes also shall worship, because of the LORD that is faithful, and the Holy One of Israel, and he shall choose thee. 
Thus saith the LORD, In an acceptable time have I heard thee, and in a day of salvation have I helped thee: and I will preserve 
323,, and for gold, and for precious stones, and for spices, and for shields, and for all manner of pleasant jewels; 
Storehouses also for the increase of corn, and wine, and oil; and stalls for all manner of beasts, and cotes for flocks. 
Moreover he provided him cities, and possessions of flocks and herds in abundance: for 
289,e is no peace, saith the LORD, unto the wicked. 
Listen, O isles, unto me; and hearken, ye people, from far; The LORD hath called me from the womb; from the bowels of my mother hath he made mention of my name. 
And he hath made my mouth like a sharp sword; in the shadow of his hand hath h
331,heir villages. 
And the fourth lot came out to Issachar, for the children of Issachar according to their families. 
And their border was toward Jezreel, and Chesulloth, and Shunem, 
And Haphraim, and Shihon, and Anaharath, 
And Rabbith, and Kishion, and Abez, 
And Remeth, and Engannim, and Enhaddah, and Bethpazzez; 
And the coast
252,rael's sake, and all the travail that had come upon them by the way, and how the LORD delivered them. 
And Jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which the LORD had done to Israel, whom he had delivered out of the hand of the Egyptians. 
And Jethro said,
250, the candlesticks of gold, and for their lamps of gold, by weight for every candlestick, and for the lamps thereof: and for the candlesticks of silver by weight, both for the candlestick, and also for the lamps thereof, according to the use of every 
255,ock of his iniquity before his face, and cometh to the prophet; I the LORD will answer him that cometh according to the multitude of his idols; 
That I may take the house of Israel in their own heart, because they are all estranged from me through their i
253,w not believed, that through your mercy they also may obtain mercy. 
For God hath concluded them all in unbelief, that he might have mercy upon all. 
O the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God! how unsearchable are his judgments, 
273,. 
Because it is a trial, and what if the sword contemn even the rod? it shall be no more, saith the Lord GOD. 
Thou therefore, son of man, prophesy, and smite thine hands together. and let the sword be doubled the third time, the sword of the slain: it is the sword of the
346,in the land, whither ye go over Jordan to possess it. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses that selfsame day, saying, 
Get thee up into this mountain Abarim, unto mount Nebo, which is in the land of Moab, that is over against Jericho; and behold the land of Canaan, which I give unto the children of Israel for a possession: 
And die in the mount whith
278,nd ye shall know that I am in the midst of Israel, and that I am the LORD your God, and none else: and my people shall never be ashamed. 
And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your ol
339,ead of the land, ye shall offer up an heave offering unto the LORD. 
Ye shall offer up a cake of the first of your dough for an heave offering: as ye do the heave offering of the threshingfloor, so shall ye heave it. 
Of the first of your dough ye shall give unto the LORD an heave offering in your generations. 
And if ye have erred, and 
336,RD God of hosts, how long wilt thou be angry against the prayer of thy people? 
Thou feedest them with the bread of tears; and givest them tears to drink in great measure. 
Thou makest us a strife unto our neighbours: and our enemies laugh among themselves. 
Turn us again, O God of hosts, and cause thy face to shine; and we shall be s
322,ds, whom neither they nor their fathers have known, nor the kings of Judah, and have filled this place with the blood of innocents; 
They have built also the high places of Baal, to burn their sons with fire for burnt offerings unto Baal, which I commanded not, nor spake it, neither came it into my mind: 
Therefore, beho
259,clothed with shame, and let them cover themselves with their own confusion, as with a mantle. 
I will greatly praise the LORD with my mouth; yea, I will praise him among the multitude. 
For he shall stand at the right hand of the poor, to save him from those 
347,anctify themselves, lest the LORD break forth upon them. 
And Moses said unto the LORD, The people cannot come up to mount Sinai: for thou chargedst us, saying, Set bounds about the mount, and sanctify it. 
And the LORD said unto him, Away, get thee down, and thou shalt come up, thou, and Aaron with thee: but let not the priests and the people b
348,isees sit in Moses' seat: 
All therefore whatsoever they bid you observe, that observe and do; but do not ye after their works: for they say, and do not. 
For they bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them on men's shoulders; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers. 
But all their works they do for to be s
248, from the one end of the earth even unto the other; and there thou shalt serve other gods, which neither thou nor thy fathers have known, even wood and stone. 
And among these nations shalt thou find no ease, neither shall the sole of thy foot have
309,even unto the last: and Jesus was left alone, and the woman standing in the midst. 
When Jesus had lifted up himself, and saw none but the woman, he said unto her, Woman, where are those thine accusers? hath no man condemned thee? 
She said, No man, Lord. And Jesus said unto her, Neither do I condemn thee: g
326,among the treasures of the house of the LORD. 
Then Solomon assembled the elders of Israel, and all the heads of the tribes, the chief of the fathers of the children of Israel, unto king Solomon in Jerusalem, that they might bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the city of David, which is Zion. 
And all the me
346,en images, and with strange vanities? 
The harvest is past, the summer is ended, and we are not saved. 
For the hurt of the daughter of my people am I hurt; I am black; astonishment hath taken hold on me. 
Is there no balm in Gilead; is there no physician there? why then is not the health of the daughter of my people recovered? 
Oh that my head
319, escaped out of their hand, 
And went away again beyond Jordan into the place where John at first baptized; and there he abode. 
And many resorted unto him, and said, John did no miracle: but all things that John spake of this man were true. 
And many believed on him there. 
Now a certain man was sick, named Lazarus, 
275,or his soul? 
For the Son of man shall come in the glory of his Father with his angels; and then he shall reward every man according to his works. 
Verily I say unto you, There be some standing here, which shall not taste of death, till they see the Son of man coming in his 
349,e natural branches, be graffed into their own olive tree? 
For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fulness of the Gentiles be come in. 
And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shall come out of Sion 
243, hands of strangers, and will execute judgments among you. 
Ye shall fall by the sword; I will judge you in the border of Israel; and ye shall know that I am the LORD. 
This city shall not be your caldron, neither shall ye be the flesh in the 
356,b; Seled, and Appaim: but Seled died without children. 
And the sons of Appaim; Ishi. And the sons of Ishi; Sheshan. And the children of Sheshan; Ahlai. 
And the sons of Jada the brother of Shammai; Jether, and Jonathan: and Jether died without children. 
And the sons of Jonathan; Peleth, and Zaza. These were the sons of Jerahmeel. 
Now Sheshan had no so
287,ount Tabor, and take with thee ten thousand men of the children of Naphtali and of the children of Zebulun? 
And I will draw unto thee to the river Kishon Sisera, the captain of Jabin's army, with his chariots and his multitude; and I will deliver him into thine hand. 
And Barak said un
338,d in the new moons, and in the sabbaths, in all solemnities of the house of Israel: he shall prepare the sin offering, and the meat offering, and the burnt offering, and the peace offerings, to make reconciliation for the house of Israel. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; In the first month, in the first day of the month, thou shalt take a youn
256,lso among the prophets? 
And when he had made an end of prophesying, he came to the high place. 
And Saul's uncle said unto him and to his servant, Whither went ye? And he said, To seek the asses: and when we saw that they were no where, we came to Samuel.
302,mely, riches kept for the owners thereof to their hurt. 
But those riches perish by evil travail: and he begetteth a son, and there is nothing in his hand. 
As he came forth of his mother's womb, naked shall he return to go as he came, and shall take nothing of his labour, which he may carry away in h
270,se of Aaron, trust in the LORD: he is their help and their shield. 
Ye that fear the LORD, trust in the LORD: he is their help and their shield. 
The LORD hath been mindful of us: he will bless us; he will bless the house of Israel; he will bless the house of Aaron. 
He
245, Ahab, whom the king of Babylon roasted in the fire; 
Because they have committed villany in Israel, and have committed adultery with their neighbours' wives, and have spoken lying words in my name, which I have not commanded them; even I know, 
330,th out from the inhabitant; even the waters forgotten of the foot: they are dried up, they are gone away from men. 
As for the earth, out of it cometh bread: and under it is turned up as it were fire. 
The stones of it are the place of sapphires: and it hath dust of gold. 
There is a path which no fowl knoweth, and which the vul
356,for Ariel, for Shemaiah, and for Elnathan, and for Jarib, and for Elnathan, and for Nathan, and for Zechariah, and for Meshullam, chief men; also for Joiarib, and for Elnathan, men of understanding. 
And I sent them with commandment unto Iddo the chief at the place Casiphia, and I told them what they should say unto Iddo, and to his brethren the Nethinim
294,angels, and names written thereon, which are the names of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel: 
On the east three gates; on the north three gates; on the south three gates; and on the west three gates. 
And the wall of the city had twelve foundations, and in them the names of the twelv
300,of the forest, the work of the hands of the workman, with the axe. 
They deck it with silver and with gold; they fasten it with nails and with hammers, that it move not. 
They are upright as the palm tree, but speak not: they must needs be borne, because they cannot go. Be not afraid of them; for th
359,spirit, and was in the deserts till the day of his shewing unto Israel. 
And it came to pass in those days, that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus that all the world should be taxed. 
(And this taxing was first made when Cyrenius was governor of Syria.) 
And all went to be taxed, every one into his own city. 
And Joseph also went up from Galilee,
341, the prophet Jeremiah's neck, and brake it. 
And Hananiah spake in the presence of all the people, saying, Thus saith the LORD; Even so will I break the yoke of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon from the neck of all nations within the space of two full years. And the prophet Jeremiah went his way. 
Then the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah
292,uldest give reward unto thy servants the prophets, and to the saints, and them that fear thy name, small and great; and shouldest destroy them which destroy the earth. 
And the temple of God was opened in heaven, and there was seen in his temple the ark of his testament: and there were light
252,n all their cities, and in Jerusalem, saying, Go forth unto the mount, and fetch olive branches, and pine branches, and myrtle branches, and palm branches, and branches of thick trees, to make booths, as it is written. 
So the people went forth, and br
244,ren of Israel stoned him with stones, that he died. But king Rehoboam made speed to get him up to his chariot, to flee to Jerusalem. 
And Israel rebelled against the house of David unto this day. 
And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem, he gat
308,t up into the ship, and returned back again. 
Now the man out of whom the devils were departed besought him that he might be with him: but Jesus sent him away, saying, 
Return to thine own house, and shew how great things God hath done unto thee. And he went his way, and published throughout the whole city 
283,nd there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech. 
So the LORD scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth: and they left off to build the city. 
Therefore is the name of it called Babel; because the LORD did there confound the
254,f, and the mercy seat, 
The table, and all the vessels thereof, and the shewbread, 
The pure candlestick, with the lamps thereof, even with the lamps to be set in order, and all the vessels thereof, and the oil for light, 
And the golden altar, and the a
255,im that is poor and of a contrite spirit, and trembleth at my word. 
He that killeth an ox is as if he slew a man; he that sacrificeth a lamb, as if he cut off a dog's neck; he that offereth an oblation, as if he offered swine's blood; he that burneth inc
245, that they should cast him out; and they could not. 
He answereth him, and saith, O faithless generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him unto me. 
And they brought him unto him: and when he saw him, straight
306,, Great and marvellous are thy works, Lord God Almighty; just and true are thy ways, thou King of saints. 
Who shall not fear thee, O Lord, and glorify thy name? for thou only art holy: for all nations shall come and worship before thee; for thy judgments are made manifest. 
And after that I looked, and, 
334,they shall inherit. 
According to the lot shall the possession thereof be divided between many and few. 
And these are they that were numbered of the Levites after their families: of Gershon, the family of the Gershonites: of Kohath, the family of the Kohathites: of Merari, the family of the Merarites. 
These are the families of the
295,ither go. 
Now while he was not yet gone back, he said, Go back also to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan, whom the king of Babylon hath made governor over the cities of Judah, and dwell with him among the people: or go wheresoever it seemeth convenient unto thee to go. So the capta
285,gels, that excel in strength, that do his commandments, hearkening unto the voice of his word. 
Bless ye the LORD, all ye his hosts; ye ministers of his, that do his pleasure. 
Bless the LORD, all his works in all places of his dominion: bless the LORD, O my soul. 
Bless the LORD, O m
352,n the LORD hath not spoken. 
The people of the land have used oppression, and exercised robbery, and have vexed the poor and needy: yea, they have oppressed the stranger wrongfully. 
And I sought for a man among them, that should make up the hedge, and stand in the gap before me for the land, that I should not destroy it: but I found none. 
Therefore
299,iquity hid from mine eyes. 
And first I will recompense their iniquity and their sin double; because they have defiled my land, they have filled mine inheritance with the carcases of their detestable and abominable things. 
O LORD, my strength, and my fortress, and my refuge in the day of afflictio
305, certain Edomites of his father's servants with him, to go into Egypt; Hadad being yet a little child. 
And they arose out of Midian, and came to Paran: and they took men with them out of Paran, and they came to Egypt, unto Pharaoh king of Egypt; which gave him an house, and appointed him victuals, and g
262,e while my breath is in me, and the spirit of God is in my nostrils; 
My lips shall not speak wickedness, nor my tongue utter deceit. 
God forbid that I should justify you: till I die I will not remove mine integrity from me. 
My righteousness I hold fast, and w
310,ing. 
He layeth up sound wisdom for the righteous: he is a buckler to them that walk uprightly. 
He keepeth the paths of judgment, and preserveth the way of his saints. 
Then shalt thou understand righteousness, and judgment, and equity; yea, every good path. 
When wisdom entereth into thine heart, and knowle
353, shake: and cut them in the head, all of them; and I will slay the last of them with the sword: he that fleeth of them shall not flee away, and he that escapeth of them shall not be delivered. 
Though they dig into hell, thence shall mine hand take them; though they climb up to heaven, thence will I bring them down: 
And though they hide themselves in
313,f silver, and silver vessels an hundred talents, and of gold an hundred talents; 
Also twenty basons of gold, of a thousand drams; and two vessels of fine copper, precious as gold. 
And I said unto them, Ye are holy unto the LORD; the vessels are holy also; and the silver and the gold are a freewill offering unt
244,n we had taken our leave one of another, we took ship; and they returned home again. 
And when we had finished our course from Tyre, we came to Ptolemais, and saluted the brethren, and abode with them one day. 
And the next day we that were of 
345,ehold, Satan hath desired to have you, that he may sift you as wheat: 
But I have prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not: and when thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren. 
And he said unto him, Lord, I am ready to go with thee, both into prison, and to death. 
And he said, I tell thee, Peter, the cock shall not crow this day, before tha
326,ead: and under it is turned up as it were fire. 
The stones of it are the place of sapphires: and it hath dust of gold. 
There is a path which no fowl knoweth, and which the vulture's eye hath not seen: 
The lion's whelps have not trodden it, nor the fierce lion passed by it. 
He putteth forth his hand upon the rock; he over
276,d minister before the priests, as the duty of every day required: the porters also by their courses at every gate: for so had David the man of God commanded. 
And they departed not from the commandment of the king unto the priests and Levites concerning any matter, or concern
316,, whether pipe or harp, except they give a distinction in the sounds, how shall it be known what is piped or harped? 
For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself to the battle? 
So likewise ye, except ye utter by the tongue words easy to be understood, how shall it be known what is spoken?
251,shall he sleep? and it shall come to pass, when he crieth unto me, that I will hear; for I am gracious. 
Thou shalt not revile the gods, nor curse the ruler of thy people. 
Thou shalt not delay to offer the first of thy ripe fruits, and of thy liquors
318,to him Eliakim, Hilkiah's son, which was over the house, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah, Asaph's son, the recorder. 
And Rabshakeh said unto them, Say ye now to Hezekiah, Thus saith the great king, the king of Assyria, What confidence is this wherein thou trustest? 
I say, sayest thou, (but they are but vain words) 
320,Abraham's life which he lived, an hundred threescore and fifteen years. 
Then Abraham gave up the ghost, and died in a good old age, an old man, and full of years; and was gathered to his people. 
And his sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the cave of Machpelah, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite, wh
327,erstand shall fall. 
Though thou, Israel, play the harlot, yet let not Judah offend; and come not ye unto Gilgal, neither go ye up to Bethaven, nor swear, The LORD liveth. 
For Israel slideth back as a backsliding heifer: now the LORD will feed them as a lamb in a large place. 
Ephraim is joined to idols: let him alone. 
Thei
257,ughly made manifest among you in all things. 
Have I committed an offence in abasing myself that ye might be exalted, because I have preached to you the gospel of God freely? 
I robbed other churches, taking wages of them, to do you service. 
And when I was
241, present or absent, we may be accepted of him. 
For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ; that every one may receive the things done in his body, according to that he hath done, whether it be good or bad. 
Knowing therefore 
336,ive hundred and fifty, which bare rule over the people that wrought in the work. 
But Pharaoh's daughter came up out of the city of David unto her house which Solomon had built for her: then did he build Millo. 
And three times in a year did Solomon offer burnt offerings and peace offerings upon the altar which he built unto the LORD,
349,saying, 
Arise, go down to meet Ahab king of Israel, which is in Samaria: behold, he is in the vineyard of Naboth, whither he is gone down to possess it. 
And thou shalt speak unto him, saying, Thus saith the LORD, Hast thou killed, and also taken possession? And thou shalt speak unto him, saying, Thus saith the LORD, In the place where dogs licke
360,ll not be known in the land by reason of that famine following; for it shall be very grievous. 
And for that the dream was doubled unto Pharaoh twice; it is because the thing is established by God, and God will shortly bring it to pass. 
Now therefore let Pharaoh look out a man discreet and wise, and set him over the land of Egypt. 
Let Pharaoh do this, and 
360,h your words. Yet ye say, Wherein have we wearied him? When ye say, Every one that doeth evil is good in the sight of the LORD, and he delighteth in them; or, Where is the God of judgment? 
Behold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way before me: and the LORD, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to his temple, even the messenger of the covenan
311,mre: the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan. 
And the field, and the cave that is therein, were made sure unto Abraham for a possession of a buryingplace by the sons of Heth. 
And Abraham was old, and well stricken in age: and the LORD had blessed Abraham in all things. 
And Abraham said unto his eldest serv
339,gypt, namely, Elnathan the son of Achbor, and certain men with him into Egypt. 
And they fetched forth Urijah out of Egypt, and brought him unto Jehoiakim the king; who slew him with the sword, and cast his dead body into the graves of the common people. 
Nevertheless the hand of Ahikam the son of Shaphan was with Jeremiah, that they sho
324,d, and the other on the left, in thy kingdom. 
But Jesus answered and said, Ye know not what ye ask. Are ye able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of, and to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with? They say unto him, We are able. 
And he saith unto them, Ye shall drink indeed of my cup, and be baptized w
358,n. 
And Shimei the son of Gera, a Benjamite, which was of Bahurim, hasted and came down with the men of Judah to meet king David. 
And there were a thousand men of Benjamin with him, and Ziba the servant of the house of Saul, and his fifteen sons and his twenty servants with him; and they went over Jordan before the king. 
And there went over a ferry boat 
336,or all: the beasts of the field had shadow under it, and the fowls of the heaven dwelt in the boughs thereof, and all flesh was fed of it. 
I saw in the visions of my head upon my bed, and, behold, a watcher and an holy one came down from heaven; 
He cried aloud, and said thus, Hew down the tree, and cut off his branches, shake off hi
251,was come out from David, he sent messengers after Abner, which brought him again from the well of Sirah: but David knew it not. 
And when Abner was returned to Hebron, Joab took him aside in the gate to speak with him quietly, and smote him there unde
304,erfected thy beauty. 
They have made all thy ship boards of fir trees of Senir: they have taken cedars from Lebanon to make masts for thee. 
Of the oaks of Bashan have they made thine oars; the company of the Ashurites have made thy benches of ivory, brought out of the isles of Chittim. 
Fine linen with
294,aken up; and a cloud received him out of their sight. 
And while they looked stedfastly toward heaven as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel; 
Which also said, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? this same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven,
272, 
Behold, while thou yet talkest there with the king, I also will come in after thee, and confirm thy words. 
And Bathsheba went in unto the king into the chamber: and the king was very old; and Abishag the Shunammite ministered unto the king. 
And Bathsheba bowed, and di
275, and that soul shall be cut off from Israel: because the water of separation was not sprinkled upon him, he shall be unclean; his uncleanness is yet upon him. 
This is the law, when a man dieth in a tent: all that come into the tent, and all that is in the tent, shall be unc
316,ace upon the ground. 
And Araunah said, Wherefore is my lord the king come to his servant? And David said, To buy the threshingfloor of thee, to build an altar unto the LORD, that the plague may be stayed from the people. 
And Araunah said unto David, Let my lord the king take and offer up what seemeth good unto hi
251,l thee what the LORD hath said to me this night. And he said unto him, Say on. 
And Samuel said, When thou wast little in thine own sight, wast thou not made the head of the tribes of Israel, and the LORD anointed thee king over Israel? 
And the LORD 
330,of God, and took a great stone, and set it up there under an oak, that was by the sanctuary of the LORD. 
And Joshua said unto all the people, Behold, this stone shall be a witness unto us; for it hath heard all the words of the LORD which he spake unto us: it shall be therefore a witness unto you, lest ye deny your God. 
So Jos
248,ng upon the harp. 
Wherefore should I fear in the days of evil, when the iniquity of my heels shall compass me about? 
They that trust in their wealth, and boast themselves in the multitude of their riches; 
None of them can by any means redeem his
251,came to a land inhabited; they did eat manna, until they came unto the borders of the land of Canaan. 
Now an omer is the tenth part of an ephah. 
And all the congregation of the children of Israel journeyed from the wilderness of Sin, after their jou
313,e against a nation, or against a man only: 
That the hypocrite reign not, lest the people be ensnared. 
Surely it is meet to be said unto God, I have borne chastisement, I will not offend any more: 
That which I see not teach thou me: if I have done iniquity, I will do no more. 
Should it be according to thy min
313,rd Esau; Thy servant Jacob saith thus, I have sojourned with Laban, and stayed there until now: 
And I have oxen, and asses, flocks, and menservants, and womenservants: and I have sent to tell my lord, that I may find grace in thy sight. 
And the messengers returned to Jacob, saying, We came to thy brother Esau,
320,orites, Hittites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites, which were not of the children of Israel, 
Their children that were left after them in the land, whom the children of Israel also were not able utterly to destroy, upon those did Solomon levy a tribute of bondservice unto this day. 
But of the children of Israel did
328,thy soul spare for his crying. 
A man of great wrath shall suffer punishment: for if thou deliver him, yet thou must do it again. 
Hear counsel, and receive instruction, that thou mayest be wise in thy latter end. 
There are many devices in a man's heart; nevertheless the counsel of the LORD, that shall stand. 
The desire of a
307,their flocks and with their herds to seek the LORD; but they shall not find him; he hath withdrawn himself from them. 
They have dealt treacherously against the LORD: for they have begotten strange children: now shall a month devour them with their portions. 
Blow ye the cornet in Gibeah, and the trumpet i
331,old it to Jotham, he went and stood in the top of mount Gerizim, and lifted up his voice, and cried, and said unto them, Hearken unto me, ye men of Shechem, that God may hearken unto you. 
The trees went forth on a time to anoint a king over them; and they said unto the olive tree, Reign thou over us. 
But the olive tree said unt
321,wast pleased with me. 
Take, I pray thee, my blessing that is brought to thee; because God hath dealt graciously with me, and because I have enough. And he urged him, and he took it. 
And he said, Let us take our journey, and let us go, and I will go before thee. 
And he said unto him, My lord knoweth that the children 
349,our, Come, and let us go over to the Philistines' garrison, that is on the other side. But he told not his father. 
And Saul tarried in the uttermost part of Gibeah under a pomegranate tree which is in Migron: and the people that were with him were about six hundred men; 
And Ahiah, the son of Ahitub, Ichabod's brother, the son of Phinehas, the so
359,pots, and the shovels, and the basons. And Huram finished the work that he was to make for king Solomon for the house of God; 
To wit, the two pillars, and the pommels, and the chapiters which were on the top of the two pillars, and the two wreaths to cover the two pommels of the chapiters which were on the top of the pillars; 
And four hundred pomegranates
305,t hear that prophet, shall be destroyed from among the people. 
Yea, and all the prophets from Samuel and those that follow after, as many as have spoken, have likewise foretold of these days. 
Ye are the children of the prophets, and of the covenant which God made with our fathers, saying unto Abraham, 
342, ever after the order of Melchisedec. 
For there is verily a disannulling of the commandment going before for the weakness and unprofitableness thereof. 
For the law made nothing perfect, but the bringing in of a better hope did; by the which we draw nigh unto God. 
And inasmuch as not without an oath he was made priest: 
(For those priests
340,eceiveth us not. 
Wherefore, if I come, I will remember his deeds which he doeth, prating against us with malicious words: and not content therewith, neither doth he himself receive the brethren, and forbiddeth them that would, and casteth them out of the church. 
Beloved, follow not that which is evil, but that which is good. He that doe
254,ith thee. And when he heard it, he sent messengers to Hezekiah, saying, 
Thus shall ye speak to Hezekiah king of Judah, saying, Let not thy God, in whom thou trustest, deceive thee, saying, Jerusalem shall not be given into the hand of the king of Assyri
263,rifices, and eat flesh. 
For I spake not unto your fathers, nor commanded them in the day that I brought them out of the land of Egypt, concerning burnt offerings or sacrifices: 
But this thing commanded I them, saying, Obey my voice, and I will be your God, and 
341,IS IS THE KING OF THE JEWS. 
And one of the malefactors which were hanged railed on him, saying, If thou be Christ, save thyself and us. 
But the other answering rebuked him, saying, Dost not thou fear God, seeing thou art in the same condemnation? 
And we indeed justly; for we receive the due reward of our deeds: but this man hath done no
300,ordecai went his way, and did according to all that Esther had commanded him. 
Now it came to pass on the third day, that Esther put on her royal apparel, and stood in the inner court of the king's house, over against the king's house: and the king sat upon his royal throne in the royal house, over 
330, keep her; for she is thy life. 
Enter not into the path of the wicked, and go not in the way of evil men. 
Avoid it, pass not by it, turn from it, and pass away. 
For they sleep not, except they have done mischief; and their sleep is taken away, unless they cause some to fall. 
For they eat the bread of wickedness, and drink th
316, yourselves? 
Should ye not hear the words which the LORD hath cried by the former prophets, when Jerusalem was inhabited and in prosperity, and the cities thereof round about her, when men inhabited the south and the plain? 
And the word of the LORD came unto Zechariah, saying, 
Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, sa
321,ocks toward the ringstraked, and all the brown in the flock of Laban; and he put his own flocks by themselves, and put them not unto Laban's cattle. 
And it came to pass, whensoever the stronger cattle did conceive, that Jacob laid the rods before the eyes of the cattle in the gutters, that they might conceive among the
307,ow for a certainty that the LORD your God will no more drive out any of these nations from before you; but they shall be snares and traps unto you, and scourges in your sides, and thorns in your eyes, until ye perish from off this good land which the LORD your God hath given you. 
And, behold, this day I a
257,hom all the multitude of the Jews have dealt with me, both at Jerusalem, and also here, crying that he ought not to live any longer. 
But when I found that he had committed nothing worthy of death, and that he himself hath appealed to Augustus, I have deter
256,oyful in glory: let them sing aloud upon their beds. 
Let the high praises of God be in their mouth, and a two-edged sword in their hand; 
To execute vengeance upon the heathen, and punishments upon the people; 
To bind their kings with chains, and their n
343,en shekels, full of incense: 
One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering: 
One kid of the goats for a sin offering: 
And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Eliasaph the son of Deuel. 
On the seventh day Elishama the s
263,rt thereof he eateth flesh; he roasteth roast, and is satisfied: yea, he warmeth himself, and saith, Aha, I am warm, I have seen the fire: 
And the residue thereof he maketh a god, even his graven image: he falleth down unto it, and worshippeth it, and prayeth un
297,d none of the men of might have found their hands. 
At thy rebuke, O God of Jacob, both the chariot and horse are cast into a dead sleep. 
Thou, even thou, art to be feared: and who may stand in thy sight when once thou art angry? 
Thou didst cause judgment to be heard from heaven; the earth fear
285,. 
And into whatsoever city or town ye shall enter, enquire who in it is worthy; and there abide till ye go thence. 
And when ye come into an house, salute it. 
And if the house be worthy, let your peace come upon it: but if it be not worthy, let your peace return to you. 
And whosoev
290,hy sight. 
All things are delivered unto me of my Father: and no man knoweth the Son, but the Father; neither knoweth any man the Father, save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal him. 
Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. 
Take my yo
301,
He that sacrificeth unto any god, save unto the LORD only, he shall be utterly destroyed. 
Thou shalt neither vex a stranger, nor oppress him: for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt. 
Ye shall not afflict any widow, or fatherless child. 
If thou afflict them in any wise, and they cry at all unto
275, unto them, I have dreamed a dream, and my spirit was troubled to know the dream. 
Then spake the Chaldeans to the king in Syriack, O king, live for ever: tell thy servants the dream, and we will shew the interpretation. 
The king answered and said to the Chaldeans, The thin
357,estroyed. 
And the LORD shall scatter you among the nations, and ye shall be left few in number among the heathen, whither the LORD shall lead you. 
And there ye shall serve gods, the work of men's hands, wood and stone, which neither see, nor hear, nor eat, nor smell. 
But if from thence thou shalt seek the LORD thy God, thou shalt find him, if thou seek
301,er flowers, and of him that hath an issue, of the man, and of the woman, and of him that lieth with her that is unclean. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses after the death of the two sons of Aaron, when they offered before the LORD, and died; 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Speak unto Aaron thy brother, t
249,d went out to the well of waters of Nephtoah: 
And the border came down to the end of the mountain that lieth before the valley of the son of Hinnom, and which is in the valley of the giants on the north, and descended to the valley of Hinnom, to th
341, not lawful to eat but for the priests alone? 
And he said unto them, That the Son of man is Lord also of the sabbath. 
And it came to pass also on another sabbath, that he entered into the synagogue and taught: and there was a man whose right hand was withered. 
And the scribes and Pharisees watched him, whether he would heal on the sabba
350, in the mountain, and in the south, and in the valley. 
And Judah went against the Canaanites that dwelt in Hebron: (now the name of Hebron before was Kirjatharba:) and they slew Sheshai, and Ahiman, and Talmai. 
And from thence he went against the inhabitants of Debir: and the name of Debir before was Kirjathsepher: 
And Caleb said, He that smitet
279,me and on my kingdom a great sin? thou hast done deeds unto me that ought not to be done. 
And Abimelech said unto Abraham, What sawest thou, that thou hast done this thing? 
And Abraham said, Because I thought, Surely the fear of God is not in this place; and they will slay me 
359,and his brethren came to comfort him. 
And when he went in to his wife, she conceived, and bare a son, and he called his name Beriah, because it went evil with his house. 
(And his daughter was Sherah, who built Bethhoron the nether, and the upper, and Uzzensherah.) 
And Rephah was his son, also Resheph, and Telah his son, and Tahan his son. 
Laadan his son
243,a wheel in the middle of a wheel. 
When they went, they went upon their four sides: and they turned not when they went. 
As for their rings, they were so high that they were dreadful; and their rings were full of eyes round about them four. 
A
336,y are upright as the palm tree, but speak not: they must needs be borne, because they cannot go. Be not afraid of them; for they cannot do evil, neither also is it in them to do good. 
Forasmuch as there is none like unto thee, O LORD; thou art great, and thy name is great in might. 
Who would not fear thee, O King of nations? for to 
291,f the Levites, gave unto the Levites for passover offerings five thousand small cattle, and five hundred oxen. 
So the service was prepared, and the priests stood in their place, and the Levites in their courses, according to the king's commandment. 
And they killed the passover, and the pr
358,ook some of his brethren, even five men, and presented them unto Pharaoh. 
And Pharaoh said unto his brethren, What is your occupation? And they said unto Pharaoh, Thy servants are shepherds, both we, and also our fathers. 
They said morever unto Pharaoh, For to sojourn in the land are we come; for thy servants have no pasture for their flocks; for the fam
357, they buried him in his own house: and Amon his son reigned in his stead. 
Amon was two and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned two years in Jerusalem. 
But he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, as did Manasseh his father: for Amon sacrificed unto all the carved images which Manasseh his father had made, and served them; 
A
265,n said the LORD unto me, Go yet, love a woman beloved of her friend, yet an adulteress, according to the love of the LORD toward the children of Israel, who look to other gods, and love flagons of wine. 
So I bought her to me for fifteen pieces of silver, and for a
337,ding forth the word of life; that I may rejoice in the day of Christ, that I have not run in vain, neither laboured in vain. 
Yea, and if I be offered upon the sacrifice and service of your faith, I joy, and rejoice with you all. 
For the same cause also do ye joy, and rejoice with me. 
But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timotheus s
292,? And he said, I am Jesus whom thou persecutest. 
But rise, and stand upon thy feet: for I have appeared unto thee for this purpose, to make thee a minister and a witness both of these things which thou hast seen, and of those things in the which I will appear unto thee; 
Delivering thee fro
321,lf from the Kenites, and pitched his tent unto the plain of Zaanaim, which is by Kedesh. 
And they shewed Sisera that Barak the son of Abinoam was gone up to mount Tabor. 
And Sisera gathered together all his chariots, even nine hundred chariots of iron, and all the people that were with him, from Harosheth of the Genti
329,nded, all of them: they shall go to confusion together that are makers of idols. 
But Israel shall be saved in the LORD with an everlasting salvation: ye shall not be ashamed nor confounded world without end. 
For thus saith the LORD that created the heavens; God himself that formed the earth and made it; he hath established it
256,r of the LORD was kindled against Moses, and he said, Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother? I know that he can speak well. And also, behold, he cometh forth to meet thee: and when he seeth thee, he will be glad in his heart. 
And thou shalt speak unto him, 
353,r in some of the blood, and sprinkle it seven times before the LORD, even before the vail. 
And he shall put some of the blood upon the horns of the altar which is before the LORD, that is in the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall pour out all the blood at the bottom of the altar of the burnt offering, which is at the door of the tabernacle of 
245,e righteousness of God. 
For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth. 
For Moses describeth the righteousness which is of the law, That the man which doeth those things shall live by them. 
But the righteousnes
328,teth any manner of blood, even that soul shall be cut off from his people. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, He that offereth the sacrifice of his peace offerings unto the LORD shall bring his oblation unto the LORD of the sacrifice of his peace offerings. 
His own hands shall 
339,e LORD'S heave offering to Aaron the priest. 
Out of all your gifts ye shall offer every heave offering of the LORD, of all the best thereof, even the hallowed part thereof out of it. 
Therefore thou shalt say unto them, When ye have heaved the best thereof from it, then it shall be counted unto the Levites as the increase of the threshi
282,rom the least even unto the greatest is given to covetousness, from the prophet even unto the priest every one dealeth falsely. 
For they have healed the hurt of the daughter of my people slightly, saying, Peace, peace; when there is no peace. 
Were they ashamed when they had commi
251,rvant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: 
For in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the LORD blessed the sabbath day, and hallo
359,haaph the father of Madmannah, Sheva the father of Machbenah, and the father of Gibea: and the daughter of Caleb was Achsa. 
These were the sons of Caleb the son of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah; Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim. 
Salma the father of Bethlehem, Hareph the father of Bethgader. 
And Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim had sons; Haroeh, and 
286,ot go beyond the commandment of the LORD, to do either good or bad of mine own mind; but what the LORD saith, that will I speak? 
And now, behold, I go unto my people: come therefore, and I will advertise thee what this people shall do to thy people in the latter days. 
And he took up 
289,r them in their drag: therefore they rejoice and are glad. 
Therefore they sacrifice unto their net, and burn incense unto their drag; because by them their portion is fat, and their meat plenteous. 
Shall they therefore empty their net, and not spare continually to slay the nations? 
I w
308,He giveth power to the faint; and to them that have no might he increaseth strength. 
Even the youths shall faint and be weary, and the young men shall utterly fall: 
But they that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and 
301,all come unto the priest; 
And the priest shall see him: and, behold, if the plague be turned into white; then the priest shall pronounce him clean that hath the plague: he is clean. 
The flesh also, in which, even in the skin thereof, was a boil, and is healed, 
And in the place of the boil there be
342,on, where Abraham and Isaac sojourned. 
And the days of Isaac were an hundred and fourscore years. 
And Isaac gave up the ghost, and died, and was gathered unto his people, being old and full of days: and his sons Esau and Jacob buried him. 
Now these are the generations of Esau, who is Edom. 
Esau took his wives of the daughters of Canaan;
359,el to the edifying of the church. 
Wherefore let him that speaketh in an unknown tongue pray that he may interpret. 
For if I pray in an unknown tongue, my spirit prayeth, but my understanding is unfruitful. 
What is it then? I will pray with the spirit, and I will pray with the understanding also: I will sing with the spirit, and I will sing with the under
313,t from the inhabitant; even the waters forgotten of the foot: they are dried up, they are gone away from men. 
As for the earth, out of it cometh bread: and under it is turned up as it were fire. 
The stones of it are the place of sapphires: and it hath dust of gold. 
There is a path which no fowl knoweth, and w
296,ll shew thee that which is noted in the scripture of truth: and there is none that holdeth with me in these things, but Michael your prince. 
Also I in the first year of Darius the Mede, even I, stood to confirm and to strengthen him. 
And now will I shew thee the truth. Behold, there shall stan
336,tood at the nether part of the mount. 
And mount Sinai was altogether on a smoke, because the LORD descended upon it in fire: and the smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mount quaked greatly. 
And when the voice of the trumpet sounded long, and waxed louder and louder, Moses spake, and God answered him by a
266,he wings of a stork: and they lifted up the ephah between the earth and the heaven. 
Then said I to the angel that talked with me, Whither do these bear the ephah? 
And he said unto me, To build it an house in the land of Shinar: and it shall be established, and set
332,bserve it with my whole heart. 
Make me to go in the path of thy commandments; for therein do I delight. 
Incline my heart unto thy testimonies, and not to covetousness. 
Turn away mine eyes from beholding vanity; and quicken thou me in thy way. 
Stablish thy word unto thy servant, who is devoted to thy fear. 
Turn away my reproac
327,ord GOD. 
Moreover thou hast taken thy sons and thy daughters, whom thou hast borne unto me, and these hast thou sacrificed unto them to be devoured. Is this of thy whoredoms a small matter, 
That thou hast slain my children, and delivered them to cause them to pass through the fire for them? 
And in all thine abominations an
260,or thy whoredom. 
And the contrary is in thee from other women in thy whoredoms, whereas none followeth thee to commit whoredoms: and in that thou givest a reward, and no reward is given unto thee, therefore thou art contrary. 
Wherefore, O harlot, hear the wo
323,th, and encamped in Gilgal, in the east border of Jericho. 
And those twelve stones, which they took out of Jordan, did Joshua pitch in Gilgal. 
And he spake unto the children of Israel, saying, When your children shall ask their fathers in time to come, saying, What mean these stones? 
Then ye shall let your children kno
327,udah into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall carry them captive into Babylon, and shall slay them with the sword. 
Moreover I will deliver all the strength of this city, and all the labours thereof, and all the precious things thereof, and all the treasures of the kings of Judah will I give into the hand of their e
244,delight, the holy of the LORD, honourable; and shalt honour him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words: 
Then shalt thou delight thyself in the LORD; and I will cause thee to ride upon the high p
348,he LORD; and, behold, he is by the altar. Then Solomon sent Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, saying, Go, fall upon him. 
And Benaiah came to the tabernacle of the LORD, and said unto him, Thus saith the king, Come forth. And he said, Nay; but I will die here. And Benaiah brought the king word again, saying, Thus said Joab, and thus he answered me. 
A
356,the gate: then he shall go forth; but the gate shall not be shut until the evening. 
Likewise the people of the land shall worship at the door of this gate before the LORD in the sabbaths and in the new moons. 
And the burnt offering that the prince shall offer unto the LORD in the sabbath day shall be six lambs without blemish, and a ram without blemish
309,e Assyrian fall with the sword, not of a mighty man; and the sword, not of a mean man, shall devour him: but he shall flee from the sword, and his young men shall be discomfited. 
And he shall pass over to his strong hold for fear, and his princes shall be afraid of the ensign, saith the LORD, whose fire is 
251,n her father's house in her youth; 
And her father hear her vow, and her bond wherewith she hath bound her soul, and her father shall hold his peace at her; then all her vows shall stand, and every bond wherewith she hath bound her soul shall stand. 

321,n. 
And it shall be as when the harvestman gathereth the corn, and reapeth the ears with his arm; and it shall be as he that gathereth ears in the valley of Rephaim. 
Yet gleaning grapes shall be left in it, as the shaking of an olive tree, two or three berries in the top of the uppermost bough, four or five in the outm
263,? 
Therefore will I give their wives unto others, and their fields to them that shall inherit them: for every one from the least even unto the greatest is given to covetousness, from the prophet even unto the priest every one dealeth falsely. 
For they have heale
246, me have joy of thee in the Lord: refresh my bowels in the Lord. 
Having confidence in thy obedience I wrote unto thee, knowing that thou wilt also do more than I say. 
But withal prepare me also a lodging: for I trust that through your prayers I
334,he Spirit of the LORD came upon David from that day forward. So Samuel rose up, and went to Ramah. 
But the Spirit of the LORD departed from Saul, and an evil spirit from the LORD troubled him. 
And Saul's servants said unto him, Behold now, an evil spirit from God troubleth thee. 
Let our lord now command thy servants, which are be
277,And when they heard that he spake in the Hebrew tongue to them, they kept the more silence: and he saith,) 
I am verily a man which am a Jew, born in Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, yet brought up in this city at the feet of Gamaliel, and taught according to the perfect manner of t
264, therein, whether they be strong or weak, few or many; 
And what the land is that they dwell in, whether it be good or bad; and what cities they be that they dwell in, whether in tents, or in strong holds; 
And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether 
294, thee, which is better to thee than seven sons, hath born him. 
And Naomi took the child, and laid it in her bosom, and became nurse unto it. 
And the women her neighbours gave it a name, saying, There is a son born to Naomi; and they called his name Obed: he is the father of Jesse, the father
260,nd to cast it unto the dogs. 
And she answered and said unto him, Yes, Lord: yet the dogs under the table eat of the children's crumbs. 
And he said unto her, For this saying go thy way; the devil is gone out of thy daughter. 
And when she was come to her hous
300,: and all the people rejoiced for all the glorious things that were done by him. 
Then said he, Unto what is the kingdom of God like? and whereunto shall I resemble it? 
It is like a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and cast into his garden; and it grew, and waxed a great tree; and the fowls
287,l be greater than he, and his seed shall become a multitude of nations. 
And he blessed them that day, saying, In thee shall Israel bless, saying, God make thee as Ephraim and as Manasseh: and he set Ephraim before Manasseh. 
And Israel said unto Joseph, Behold, I die: but God shall be 
245,m we anointed over us, is dead in battle. Now therefore why speak ye not a word of bringing the king back? 
And king David sent to Zadok and to Abiathar the priests, saying, Speak unto the elders of Judah, saying, Why are ye the last to bring th
340,ashamed when he is found, so is the house of Israel ashamed; they, their kings, their princes, and their priests, and their prophets. 
Saying to a stock, Thou art my father; and to a stone, Thou hast brought me forth: for they have turned their back unto me, and not their face: but in the time of their trouble they will say, Arise, and sa
256,good conscience; that, whereas they speak evil of you, as of evildoers, they may be ashamed that falsely accuse your good conversation in Christ. 
For it is better, if the will of God be so, that ye suffer for well doing, than for evil doing. 
For Christ a
320,d that which was upon it, and set it before Saul. And Samuel said, Behold that which is left! set it before thee, and eat: for unto this time hath it been kept for thee since I said, I have invited the people. So Saul did eat with Samuel that day. 
And when they were come down from the high place into the city, Samuel 
334,ds, and for their judges, and for their officers, and said unto them, I am old and stricken in age: 
And ye have seen all that the LORD your God hath done unto all these nations because of you; for the LORD your God is he that hath fought for you. 
Behold, I have divided unto you by lot these nations that remain, to be an inheritanc
255, heart will receive commandments: but a prating fool shall fall. 
He that walketh uprightly walketh surely: but he that perverteth his ways shall be known. 
He that winketh with the eye causeth sorrow: but a prating fool shall fall. 
The mouth of a righte
281,d when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of Chanaan, he divided their land to them by lot. 
And after that he gave unto them judges about the space of four hundred and fifty years, until Samuel the prophet. 
And afterward they desired a king: and God gave unto them Saul t
268,fully with the wife whom thou lovest all the days of the life of thy vanity, which he hath given thee under the sun, all the days of thy vanity: for that is thy portion in this life, and in thy labour which thou takest under the sun. 
Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do
298,Zebulun according to their families: and the border of their inheritance was unto Sarid: 
And their border went up toward the sea, and Maralah, and reached to Dabbasheth, and reached to the river that is before Jokneam; 
And turned from Sarid eastward toward the sunrising unto the border of Chislo
300,ies, heard that the king of Babylon had left a remnant of Judah, and that he had set over them Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan; 
Even all the Jews returned out of all places whither they were driven, and came to the land of Judah, to Gedaliah, unto Mizpah, and gathered wine and summer 
