1000
331,taste not; handle not; 
Which all are to perish with the using;) after the commandments and doctrines of men? 
Which things have indeed a shew of wisdom in will worship, and humility, and neglecting of the body: not in any honour to the satisfying of the flesh. 
If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, 
256,ace, and hangeth the earth upon nothing. 
He bindeth up the waters in his thick clouds; and the cloud is not rent under them. 
He holdeth back the face of his throne, and spreadeth his cloud upon it. 
He hath compassed the waters with bounds, until the day
319, away. 
So shall it be at the end of the world: the angels shall come forth, and sever the wicked from among the just, 
And shall cast them into the furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth. 
Jesus saith unto them, Have ye understood all these things? They say unto him, Yea, Lord. 
Then said he un
251,, so that they could not so much as eat bread. 
And when his friends heard of it, they went out to lay hold on him: for they said, He is beside himself. 
And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the 
327,David was girded with a linen ephod. 
So David and all the house of Israel brought up the ark of the LORD with shouting, and with the sound of the trumpet. 
And as the ark of the LORD came into the city of David, Michal Saul's daughter looked through a window, and saw king David leaping and dancing before the LORD; and she de
340,e first year without spot, and two tenth deals of flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, and the drink offering thereof: 
This is the burnt offering of every sabbath, beside the continual burnt offering, and his drink offering. 
And in the beginnings of your months ye shall offer a burnt offering unto the LORD; two young bullocks, a
292,te afore in few words, 
Whereby, when ye read, ye may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ) 
Which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit; 
That the Gentiles should be fellowheirs, and of the 
276, children of Giddel, 
The children of Shephatiah, the children of Hattil, the children of Pochereth of Zebaim, the children of Amon. 
All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants, were three hundred ninety and two. 
And these were they which went up also from Tel
306,er, take and bring forth the tokens of the damsel's virginity unto the elders of the city in the gate: 
And the damsel's father shall say unto the elders, I gave my daughter unto this man to wife, and he hateth her; 
And, lo, he hath given occasions of speech against her, saying, I found not thy daughter 
283,ay ye, Stand fast, and prepare thee; for the sword shall devour round about thee. 
Why are thy valiant men swept away? they stood not, because the LORD did drive them. 
He made many to fall, yea, one fell upon another: and they said, Arise, and let us go again to our own people, and
305,een Vashti refused to come at the king's commandment by his chamberlains: therefore was the king very wroth, and his anger burned in him. 
Then the king said to the wise men, which knew the times, (for so was the king's manner toward all that knew law and judgment: 
And the next unto him was Carshena, Sh
340,I have found a ransom. 
His flesh shall be fresher than a child's: he shall return to the days of his youth: 
He shall pray unto God, and he will be favourable unto him: and he shall see his face with joy: for he will render unto man his righteousness. 
He looketh upon men, and if any say, I have sinned, and perverted that which was right
333,ing more abundantly to shew unto the heirs of promise the immutability of his counsel, confirmed it by an oath: 
That by two immutable things, in which it was impossible for God to lie, we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us: 
Which hope we have as an anchor of the soul,
266,and Bethshemesh with her suburbs: 
And out of the tribe of Benjamin; Geba with her suburbs, and Alemeth with her suburbs, and Anathoth with her suburbs. All their cities throughout their families were thirteen cities. 
And unto the sons of Kohath, which were left of
289,RD came again the second time, and touched him, and said, Arise and eat; because the journey is too great for thee. 
And he arose, and did eat and drink, and went in the strength of that meat forty days and forty nights unto Horeb the mount of God. 
And he came thither unto a cave, and lo
327,ct is toward the east. 
So the spirit took me up, and brought me into the inner court; and, behold, the glory of the LORD filled the house. 
And I heard him speaking unto me out of the house; and the man stood by me. 
And he said unto me, Son of man, the place of my throne, and the place of the soles of my feet, where I will 
325,hites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites; and I delivered them into your hand. 
And I sent the hornet before you, which drave them out from before you, even the two kings of the Amorites; but not with thy sword, nor with thy bow. 
And I have given you a land for which ye did not labour, and cities which ye built not, and ye dw
268,ay ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he would send forth labourers into his harvest. 
Go your ways: behold, I send you forth as lambs among wolves. 
Carry neither purse, nor scrip, nor shoes: and salute no man by the way. 
And into whatsoever house ye enter, 
258,nion, and every name that is named, not only in this world, but also in that which is to come: 
And hath put all things under his feet, and gave him to be the head over all things to the church, 
Which is his body, the fulness of him that filleth all in all.
345,hree years' famine; or three months to be destroyed before thy foes, while that the sword of thine enemies overtaketh thee; or else three days the sword of the LORD, even the pestilence, in the land, and the angel of the LORD destroying throughout all the coasts of Israel. Now therefore advise thyself what word I shall bring again to him that 
258,e told him, and he interpreted to us our dreams; to each man according to his dream he did interpret. 
And it came to pass, as he interpreted to us, so it was; me he restored unto mine office, and him he hanged. 
Then Pharaoh sent and called Joseph, and they
318,Joseph to go down to meet my lord the king. 
But Abishai the son of Zeruiah answered and said, Shall not Shimei be put to death for this, because he cursed the LORD's anointed? 
And David said, What have I to do with you, ye sons of Zeruiah, that ye should this day be adversaries unto me? shall there any man be put t
302, by the hedges; for their king shall go into captivity, and his priests and his princes together. 
Wherefore gloriest thou in the valleys, thy flowing valley, O backsliding daughter? that trusted in her treasures, saying, Who shall come unto me? 
Behold, I will bring a fear upon thee, saith the Lord G
335,em full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering: 
One spoon of gold of ten shekels, full of incense: 
One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering: 
One kid of the goats for a sin offering: 
And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first y
339, round about, so that in the day of the LORD's anger none escaped nor remained: those that I have swaddled and brought up hath mine enemy consumed. 
I AM the man that hath seen affliction by the rod of his wrath. 
He hath led me, and brought me into darkness, but not into light. 
Surely against me is he turned; he turneth his hand agains
324, of his heart, both he and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, so that the wrath of the LORD came not upon them in the days of Hezekiah. 
And Hezekiah had exceeding much riches and honour: and he made himself treasuries for silver, and for gold, and for precious stones, and for spices, and for shields, and for all manner of plea
336,he border of the priests the Levites shall have five and twenty thousand in length, and ten thousand in breadth: all the length shall be five and twenty thousand, and the breadth ten thousand. 
And they shall not sell of it, neither exchange, nor alienate the firstfruits of the land: for it is holy unto the LORD. 
And the five thousan
344, unto this day. 
And Moses was an hundred and twenty years old when he died: his eye was not dim, nor his natural force abated. 
And the children of Israel wept for Moses in the plains of Moab thirty days: so the days of weeping and mourning for Moses were ended. 
And Joshua the son of Nun was full of the spirit of wisdom; for Moses had laid 
277,fenced, and are inhabited. 
Then the heathen that are left round about you shall know that I the LORD build the ruined places, and plant that that was desolate: I the LORD have spoken it, and I will do it. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will yet for this be enquired of by the hou
284,ix hundred oxen and three thousand sheep. 
But the priests were too few, so that they could not flay all the burnt offerings: wherefore their brethren the Levites did help them, till the work was ended, and until the other priests had sanctified themselves: for the Levites were more 
358, and unto the scribes, and they shall condemn him to death, 
And shall deliver him to the Gentiles to mock, and to scourge, and to crucify him: and the third day he shall rise again. 
Then came to him the mother of Zebedees children with her sons, worshipping him, and desiring a certain thing of him. 
And he said unto her, What wilt thou? She saith unto hi
256, of beasts, and of fowl, and of creeping things, and of fishes. 
And there came of all people to hear the wisdom of Solomon, from all kings of the earth, which had heard of his wisdom. 
And Hiram king of Tyre sent his servants unto Solomon; for he had hear
296, gathered, and the souls that they had gotten in Haran; and they went forth to go into the land of Canaan; and into the land of Canaan they came. 
And Abram passed through the land unto the place of Sichem, unto the plain of Moreh. And the Canaanite was then in the land. 
And the LORD appeared u
276,omen, and the wind was in their wings; for they had wings like the wings of a stork: and they lifted up the ephah between the earth and the heaven. 
Then said I to the angel that talked with me, Whither do these bear the ephah? 
And he said unto me, To build it an house in th
355, thereof: and the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit. 
Be not hasty in thy spirit to be angry: for anger resteth in the bosom of fools. 
Say not thou, What is the cause that the former days were better than these? for thou dost not enquire wisely concerning this. 
Wisdom is good with an inheritance: and by it there is profit to them th
299,ve access by one Spirit unto the Father. 
Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellowcitizens with the saints, and of the household of God; 
And are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone; 
In whom all the buil
254,ah that come out of their cities. 
It may be they will present their supplication before the LORD, and will return every one from his evil way: for great is the anger and the fury that the LORD hath pronounced against this people. 
And Baruch the son of 
264, the kingdom also; for he is mine elder brother; even for him, and for Abiathar the priest, and for Joab the son of Zeruiah. 
Then king Solomon sware by the LORD, saying, God do so to me, and more also, if Adonijah have not spoken this word against his own life. 

280,laid meat unto them. 
He shall not return into the land of Egypt, and the Assyrian shall be his king, because they refused to return. 
And the sword shall abide on his cities, and shall consume his branches, and devour them, because of their own counsels. 
And my people are bent 
355,raim; from thence am I: and I went to Bethlehemjudah, but I am now going to the house of the LORD; and there is no man that receiveth me to house. 
Yet there is both straw and provender for our asses; and there is bread and wine also for me, and for thy handmaid, and for the young man which is with thy servants: there is no want of any thing. 
And the o
287,ar off, that have not heard my fame, neither have seen my glory; and they shall declare my glory among the Gentiles. 
And they shall bring all your brethren for an offering unto the LORD out of all nations upon horses, and in chariots, and in litters, and upon mules, and upon swift beas
333, wit, for Machir the firstborn of Manasseh, the father of Gilead: because he was a man of war, therefore he had Gilead and Bashan. 
There was also a lot for the rest of the children of Manasseh by their families; for the children of Abiezer, and for the children of Helek, and for the children of Asriel, and for the children of Shec
292,ore Eli thought she had been drunken. 
And Eli said unto her, How long wilt thou be drunken? put away thy wine from thee. 
And Hannah answered and said, No, my lord, I am a woman of a sorrowful spirit: I have drunk neither wine nor strong drink, but have poured out my soul before the LORD. 

240,t our judges that judged us, by bringing upon us a great evil: for under the whole heaven hath not been done as hath been done upon Jerusalem. 
As it is written in the law of Moses, all this evil is come upon us: yet made we not our prayer 
356,manifested, that he might destroy the works of the devil. 
Whosoever is born of God doth not commit sin; for his seed remaineth in him: and he cannot sin, because he is born of God. 
In this the children of God are manifest, and the children of the devil: whosoever doeth not righteousness is not of God, neither he that loveth not his brother. 
For this i
357,emaiah the son of Nethaneel the scribe, one of the Levites, wrote them before the king, and the princes, and Zadok the priest, and Ahimelech the son of Abiathar, and before the chief of the fathers of the priests and Levites: one principal household being taken for Eleazar, and one taken for Ithamar. 
Now the first lot came forth to Jehoiarib, the second 
327,ites; Asaiah the firstborn, and his sons. 
And of the sons of Zerah; Jeuel, and their brethren, six hundred and ninety. 
And of the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Hodaviah, the son of Hasenuah, 
And Ibneiah the son of Jeroham, and Elah the son of Uzzi, the son of Michri, and Meshullam the son of Shep
256,oy them, had not Moses his chosen stood before him in the breach, to turn away his wrath, lest he should destroy them. 
Yea, they despised the pleasant land, they believed not his word: 
But murmured in their tents, and hearkened not unto the voice of the 
328, How long shall thy vain thoughts lodge within thee? 
For a voice declareth from Dan, and publisheth affliction from mount Ephraim. 
Make ye mention to the nations; behold, publish against Jerusalem, that watchers come from a far country, and give out their voice against the cities of Judah. 
As keepers of a field, are they ag
336,ame day the hand of the LORD was upon me, and brought me thither. 
In the visions of God brought he me into the land of Israel, and set me upon a very high mountain, by which was as the frame of a city on the south. 
And he brought me thither, and, behold, there was a man, whose appearance was like the appearance of brass, with a line
343,l hear them: I will say, It is my people: and they shall say, The LORD is my God. 
Behold, the day of the LORD cometh, and thy spoil shall be divided in the midst of thee. 
For I will gather all nations against Jerusalem to battle; and the city shall be taken, and the houses rifled, and the women ravished; and half of the city shall go forth
275,r from me; for trouble is near; for there is none to help. 
Many bulls have compassed me: strong bulls of Bashan have beset me round. 
They gaped upon me with their mouths, as a ravening and a roaring lion. 
I am poured out like water, and all my bones are out of joint: my h
321,ined there many days; 
Then Zedekiah the king sent, and took him out: and the king asked him secretly in his house, and said, Is there any word from the LORD? And Jeremiah said, There is: for, said he, thou shalt be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon. 
Moreover Jeremiah said unto king Zedekiah, What have I o
343,d a good day. And many of the people of the land became Jews; for the fear of the Jews fell upon them. 
Now in the twelfth month, that is, the month Adar, on the thirteenth day of the same, when the king's commandment and his decree drew near to be put in execution, in the day that the enemies of the Jews hoped to have power over them, (thou
298,esus Christ. 
And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw a beast rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy. 
And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and hi
322,the camps throughout their hosts were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty. 
But the Levites were not numbered among the children of Israel; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses: so they pitched by their standards, and so
326, thousand westward: and it shall be over against the oblation of the holy portion; and the increase thereof shall be for food unto them that serve the city. 
And they that serve the city shall serve it out of all the tribes of Israel. 
All the oblation shall be five and twenty thousand by five and twenty thousand: ye shall o
246,y the river Euphrates in Carchemish, which Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon smote in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah. 
Order ye the buckler and shield, and draw near to battle. 
Harness the horses; and get up, ye horsem
312,areth the sucking child, unto the land which thou swarest unto their fathers? 
Whence should I have flesh to give unto all this people? for they weep unto me, saying, Give us flesh, that we may eat. 
I am not able to bear all this people alone, because it is too heavy for me. 
And if thou deal thus with me, kil
288,from following of him. 
And Abner said again to Asahel, Turn thee aside from following me: wherefore should I smite thee to the ground? how then should I hold up my face to Joab thy brother? 
Howbeit he refused to turn aside: wherefore Abner with the hinder end of the spear smote him und
353,ut six hundred men turned and fled to the wilderness unto the rock Rimmon, and abode in the rock Rimmon four months. 
And the men of Israel turned again upon the children of Benjamin, and smote them with the edge of the sword, as well the men of every city, as the beast, and all that came to hand: also they set on fire all the cities that they came to
241, and destroy that nation, saith the LORD. 
Thus saith the LORD unto me, Go and get thee a linen girdle, and put it upon thy loins, and put it not in water. 
So I got a girdle according to the word of the LORD, and put it on my loins. 
And th
327,f your peace offerings. 
He among the sons of Aaron, that offereth the blood of the peace offerings, and the fat, shall have the right shoulder for his part. 
For the wave breast and the heave shoulder have I taken of the children of Israel from off the sacrifices of their peace offerings, and have given them unto Aaron the p
251, but the LORD was not in the wind: and after the wind an earthquake; but the LORD was not in the earthquake: 
And after the earthquake a fire; but the LORD was not in the fire: and after the fire a still small voice. 
And it was so, when Elijah heard 
340,m twenty years old and upward which have murmured against me. 
Doubtless ye shall not come into the land, concerning which I sware to make you dwell therein, save Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun. 
But your little ones, which ye said should be a prey, them will I bring in, and they shall know the land which ye have de
317,ing to and fro? and who hath brought up these? Behold, I was left alone; these, where had they been? 
Thus saith the Lord GOD, Behold, I will lift up mine hand to the Gentiles, and set up my standard to the people: and they shall bring thy sons in their arms, and thy daughters shall be carried upon their shoulders. 
323,seven. 
The children of Adin, six hundred fifty and five. 
The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight. 
The children of Hashum, three hundred twenty and eight. 
The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and four. 
The children of Hariph, an hundred and twelve. 
The children of Gibeon, ninety and five. 
The men o
349,known unto them, in bringing them forth out of the land of Egypt. 
Wherefore I caused them to go forth out of the land of Egypt, and brought them into the wilderness. 
And I gave them my statutes, and shewed them my judgments, which if a man do, he shall even live in them. 
Moreover also I gave them my sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, t
291,s, and to keep his commandments, and to cleave unto him, and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul. 
So Joshua blessed them, and sent them away: and they went unto their tents. 
Now to the one half of the tribe of Manasseh Moses had given possession in Bashan: but unto the
347, Mekonah, and in the villages thereof, 
And at Enrimmon, and at Zareah, and at Jarmuth, 
Zanoah, Adullam, and in their villages, at Lachish, and the fields thereof, at Azekah, and in the villages thereof. And they dwelt from Beersheba unto the valley of Hinnom. 
The children also of Benjamin from Geba dwelt at Michmash, and Aija, and Bethel, and
339,eubenites and unto the Gadites I gave from Gilead even unto the river Arnon half the valley, and the border even unto the river Jabbok, which is the border of the children of Ammon; 
The plain also, and Jordan, and the coast thereof, from Chinnereth even unto the sea of the plain, even the salt sea, under Ashdothpisgah eastward. 
And I c
243,ld: for by the mounting up of Luhith with weeping shall they go it up; for in the way of Horonaim they shall raise up a cry of destruction. 
For the waters of Nimrim shall be desolate: for the hay is withered away, the grass faileth, there is 
334,rds in a book at the mouth of Jeremiah, in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel, unto thee, O Baruch: 
Thou didst say, Woe is me now! for the LORD hath added grief to my sorrow; I fainted in my sighing, and I find no rest. 
Thus shalt thou say unto him, The LOR
321,ughters shall be carried upon their shoulders. 
And kings shall be thy nursing fathers, and their queens thy nursing mothers: they shall bow down to thee with their face toward the earth, and lick up the dust of thy feet; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD: for they shall not be ashamed that wait for me. 
Shall the 
318,thy stomach's sake and thine often infirmities. 
Some men's sins are open beforehand, going before to judgment; and some men they follow after. 
Likewise also the good works of some are manifest beforehand; and they that are otherwise cannot be hid. 
Let as many servants as are under the yoke count their own masters 
294,sk us a king. 
And Samuel said unto the people, Fear not: ye have done all this wickedness: yet turn not aside from following the LORD, but serve the LORD with all your heart; 
And turn ye not aside: for then should ye go after vain things, which cannot profit nor deliver; for they are vain. 

323,ted, if we believe on him that raised up Jesus our Lord from the dead; 
Who was delivered for our offences, and was raised again for our justification. 
Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ: 
By whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand, and rejo
300,ertheless these ye shall not eat of them that chew the cud, or of them that divide the cloven hoof; as the camel, and the hare, and the coney: for they chew the cud, but divide not the hoof; therefore they are unclean unto you. 
And the swine, because it divideth the hoof, yet cheweth not the cud, i
253,inth month, even from the day that the foundation of the LORD's temple was laid, consider it. 
Is the seed yet in the barn? yea, as yet the vine, and the fig tree, and the pomegranate, and the olive tree, hath not brought forth: from this day will I ble
254,t them make me a sanctuary; that I may dwell among them. 
According to all that I shew thee, after the pattern of the tabernacle, and the pattern of all the instruments thereof, even so shall ye make it. 
And they shall make an ark of shittim wood: two c
360,
He delivered me from my strong enemy, and from them that hated me: for they were too strong for me. 
They prevented me in the day of my calamity: but the LORD was my stay. 
He brought me forth also into a large place: he delivered me, because he delighted in me. 
The LORD rewarded me according to my righteousness: according to the cleanness of my hands hath
255,es which we took. 
From Aroer, which is by the brink of the river of Arnon, and from the city that is by the river, even unto Gilead, there was not one city too strong for us: the LORD our God delivered all unto us: 
Only unto the land of the children of 
355, LORD of the sacrifice of his peace offerings. 
His own hands shall bring the offerings of the LORD made by fire, the fat with the breast, it shall he bring, that the breast may be waved for a wave offering before the LORD. 
And the priest shall burn the fat upon the altar: but the breast shall be Aaron's and his sons'. 
And the right shoulder shall ye 
308, he was condemned, repented himself, and brought again the thirty pieces of silver to the chief priests and elders, 
Saying, I have sinned in that I have betrayed the innocent blood. And they said, What is that to us? see thou to that. 
And he cast down the pieces of silver in the temple, and departed, and 
275,the land of Egypt, and have taken hold upon other gods, and have worshipped them, and served them: therefore hath the LORD brought upon them all this evil. 
And it came to pass at the end of twenty years, when Solomon had built the two houses, the house of the LORD, and the 
305,the ears of Benjamin: and Abner went also to speak in the ears of David in Hebron all that seemed good to Israel, and that seemed good to the whole house of Benjamin. 
So Abner came to David to Hebron, and twenty men with him. And David made Abner and the men that were with him a feast. 
And Abner said u
303,the lifting up of my hands as the evening sacrifice. 
Set a watch, O LORD, before my mouth; keep the door of my lips. 
Incline not my heart to any evil thing, to practise wicked works with men that work iniquity: and let me not eat of their dainties. 
Let the righteous smite me; it shall be a kindness:
317,ice in thy name. 
Thou hast a mighty arm: strong is thy hand, and high is thy right hand. 
Justice and judgment are the habitation of thy throne: mercy and truth shall go before thy face. 
Blessed is the people that know the joyful sound: they shall walk, O LORD, in the light of thy countenance. 
In thy name shall t
259,at whosoever, whether man or women, shall come unto the king into the inner court, who is not called, there is one law of his to put him to death, except such to whom the king shall hold out the golden sceptre, that he may live: but I have not been called to 
263,od unto thee. 
And the king answered, Chimham shall go over with me, and I will do to him that which shall seem good unto thee: and whatsoever thou shalt require of me, that will I do for thee. 
And all the people went over Jordan. And when the king was come over
317,acknels, and a cruse of honey, and go to him: he shall tell thee what shall become of the child. 
And Jeroboam's wife did so, and arose, and went to Shiloh, and came to the house of Ahijah. But Ahijah could not see; for his eyes were set by reason of his age. 
And the LORD said unto Ahijah, Behold, the wife of Jerob
317, children. 
And the sons of Appaim; Ishi. And the sons of Ishi; Sheshan. And the children of Sheshan; Ahlai. 
And the sons of Jada the brother of Shammai; Jether, and Jonathan: and Jether died without children. 
And the sons of Jonathan; Peleth, and Zaza. These were the sons of Jerahmeel. 
Now Sheshan had no sons, b
313,e man that doeth this, and the son of man that layeth hold on it; that keepeth the sabbath from polluting it, and keepeth his hand from doing any evil. 
Neither let the son of the stranger, that hath joined himself to the LORD, speak, saying, The LORD hath utterly separated me from his people: neither let the eu
240,evise a device against you: return ye now every one from his evil way, and make your ways and your doings good. 
And they said, There is no hope: but we will walk after our own devices, and we will every one do the imagination of his evil h
269,aldees, and gavest him the name of Abraham; 
And foundest his heart faithful before thee, and madest a covenant with him to give the land of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Jebusites, and the Girgashites, to give it, I say, to hi
259,thful and True, and in righteousness he doth judge and make war. 
His eyes were as a flame of fire, and on his head were many crowns; and he had a name written, that no man knew, but he himself. 
And he was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood: and his name
287,ough he be fruitful among his brethren, an east wind shall come, the wind of the LORD shall come up from the wilderness, and his spring shall become dry, and his fountain shall be dried up: he shall spoil the treasure of all pleasant vessels. 
Samaria shall become desolate; for she hath
351,to bear witness of that Light. 
That was the true Light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world. 
He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not. 
He came unto his own, and his own received him not. 
But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on
339,eople: for the thing was done suddenly. 
And Hezekiah sent to all Israel and Judah, and wrote letters also to Ephraim and Manasseh, that they should come to the house of the LORD at Jerusalem, to keep the passover unto the LORD God of Israel. 
For the king had taken counsel, and his princes, and all the congregation in Jerusalem, to keep
358,ffended any thing at all. 
But Festus, willing to do the Jews a pleasure, answered Paul, and said, Wilt thou go up to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these things before me? 
Then said Paul, I stand at Caesar's judgment seat, where I ought to be judged: to the Jews have I done no wrong, as thou very well knowest. 
For if I be an offender, or have committ
262,orse than their fathers. 
Therefore thou shalt speak all these words unto them; but they will not hearken to thee: thou shalt also call unto them; but they will not answer thee. 
But thou shalt say unto them, This is a nation that obeyeth not the voice of the LO
298,kim, and the men of Chozeba, and Joash, and Saraph, who had the dominion in Moab, and Jashubilehem. And these are ancient things. 
These were the potters, and those that dwelt among plants and hedges: there they dwelt with the king for his work. 
The sons of Simeon were, Nemuel, and Jamin, Jarib, 
311, unto my lord? what shall we speak? or how shall we clear ourselves? God hath found out the iniquity of thy servants: behold, we are my lord's servants, both we, and he also with whom the cup is found. 
And he said, God forbid that I should do so: but the man in whose hand the cup is found, he shall be my serv
303,Issachar, and Zebulun: 
The sons of Rachel; Joseph, and Benjamin: 
And the sons of Bilhah, Rachel's handmaid; Dan, and Naphtali: 
And the sons of Zilpah, Leah's handmaid: Gad, and Asher: these are the sons of Jacob, which were born to him in Padanaram. 
And Jacob came unto Isaac his father unto Mamre, 
354,r, and hanged himself, and died, and was buried in the sepulchre of his father. 
Then David came to Mahanaim. And Absalom passed over Jordan, he and all the men of Israel with him. 
And Absalom made Amasa captain of the host instead of Joab: which Amasa was a man's son, whose name was Ithra an Israelite, that went in to Abigail the daughter of Nahash, 
337,ave not heard my words, 
Behold, I will send and take all the families of the north, saith the LORD, and Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon, my servant, and will bring them against this land, and against the inhabitants thereof, and against all these nations round about, and will utterly destroy them, and make them an astonishment, and
344,e went, and met him in the mount of God, and kissed him. 
And Moses told Aaron all the words of the LORD who had sent him, and all the signs which he had commanded him. 
And Moses and Aaron went and gathered together all the elders of the children of Israel: 
And Aaron spake all the words which the LORD had spoken unto Moses, and did the sign
292,d destroyed down to the ground of the children of Israel again eighteen thousand men; all these drew the sword. 
Then all the children of Israel, and all the people, went up, and came unto the house of God, and wept, and sat there before the LORD, and fasted that day until even, and offered 
251,imited the Holy One of Israel. 
They remembered not his hand, nor the day when he delivered them from the enemy. 
How he had wrought his signs in Egypt, and his wonders in the field of Zoan. 
And had turned their rivers into blood; and their floods, t
323,. 
But Nadab and Abihu died before their father, and had no children: therefore Eleazar and Ithamar executed the priest's office. 
And David distributed them, both Zadok of the sons of Eleazar, and Ahimelech of the sons of Ithamar, according to their offices in their service. 
And there were more chief men found of the so
247,brother, whose praise is in the gospel throughout all the churches; 
And not that only, but who was also chosen of the churches to travel with us with this grace, which is administered by us to the glory of the same Lord, and declaration of your r
309,nd and Benjamin; and rose up, and went down to Egypt, and stood before Joseph. 
And when Joseph saw Benjamin with them, he said to the ruler of his house, Bring these men home, and slay, and make ready; for these men shall dine with me at noon. 
And the man did as Joseph bade; and the man brought the men int
348,; and avoid them. 
For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ, but their own belly; and by good words and fair speeches deceive the hearts of the simple. 
For your obedience is come abroad unto all men. I am glad therefore on your behalf: but yet I would have you wise unto that which is good, and simple concerning evil. 
And the God o
246,ve men that went to spy out the land went up, and came in thither, and took the graven image, and the ephod, and the teraphim, and the molten image: and the priest stood in the entering of the gate with the six hundred men that were appointed wit
299,the centurion and to the soldiers, Except these abide in the ship, ye cannot be saved. 
Then the soldiers cut off the ropes of the boat, and let her fall off. 
And while the day was coming on, Paul besought them all to take meat, saying, This day is the fourteenth day that ye have tarried and conti
280,he prey, both of men and of beasts. 
And they brought the captives, and the prey, and the spoil, unto Moses, and Eleazar the priest, and unto the congregation of the children of Israel, unto the camp at the plains of Moab, which are by Jordan near Jericho. 
And Moses, and Eleazar
277, claws. 
And at the end of the days I Nebuchadnezzar lifted up mine eyes unto heaven, and mine understanding returned unto me, and I blessed the most High, and I praised and honoured him that liveth for ever, whose dominion is an everlasting dominion, and his kingdom is from g
348,I will entice him. And the LORD said unto him, Wherewith? 
And he said, I will go out, and be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets. And the Lord said, Thou shalt entice him, and thou shalt also prevail: go out, and do even so. 
Now therefore, behold, the LORD hath put a lying spirit in the mouth of these thy prophets, and the LORD hath
294, come upon him: he is an unwise son; for he should not stay long in the place of the breaking forth of children. 
I will ransom them from the power of the grave; I will redeem them from death: O death, I will be thy plagues; O grave, I will be thy destruction: repentance shall be hid from mine
349,he Son of God, who hath his eyes like unto a flame of fire, and his feet are like fine brass; 
I know thy works, and charity, and service, and faith, and thy patience, and thy works; and the last to be more than the first. 
Notwithstanding I have a few things against thee, because thou sufferest that woman Jezebel, which calleth herself a prophete
348, O Zion, unto all generations. Praise ye the LORD. 
Praise ye the LORD: for it is good to sing praises unto our God; for it is pleasant; and praise is comely. 
The LORD doth build up Jerusalem: he gathereth together the outcasts of Israel. 
He healeth the broken in heart, and bindeth up their wounds. 
He telleth the number of the stars; he callet
268,ce: 
And if ye take this also from me, and mischief befall him, ye shall bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave. 
Now therefore when I come to thy servant my father, and the lad be not with us; seeing that his life is bound up in the lad's life; 
It shall c
290,f my master's servants, and put thy trust on Egypt for chariots and for horsemen? 
And am I now come up without the LORD against this land to destroy it? the LORD said unto me, Go up against this land, and destroy it. 
Then said Eliakim and Shebna and Joah unto Rabshakeh, Speak, I pray the
328,
This our bread we took hot for our provision out of our houses on the day we came forth to go unto you; but now, behold, it is dry, and it is mouldy: 
And these bottles of wine, which we filled, were new; and, behold, they be rent: and these our garments and our shoes are become old by reason of the very long journey. 
And th
251,re like a potsherd covered with silver dross. 
He that hateth dissembleth with his lips, and layeth up deceit within him; 
When he speaketh fair, believe him not: for there are seven abominations in his heart. 
Whose hatred is covered by deceit, his w
252, breadth of the land, to possess the dwellingplaces that are not their's. 
They are terrible and dreadful: their judgment and their dignity shall proceed of themselves. 
Their horses also are swifter than the leopards, and are more fierce than the even
333,king said, Divide the living child in two, and give half to the one, and half to the other. 
Then spake the woman whose the living child was unto the king, for her bowels yearned upon her son, and she said, O my lord, give her the living child, and in no wise slay it. But the other said, Let it be neither mine nor thine, but divide
255,eseech thee, tell thy servant. And the LORD said, He will come down. 
Then said David, Will the men of Keilah deliver me and my men into the hand of Saul? And the LORD said, They will deliver thee up. 
Then David and his men, which were about six hundred,
321,ding to the commandment of David the man of God, ward over against ward. 
Mattaniah, and Bakbukiah, Obadiah, Meshullam, Talmon, Akkub, were porters keeping the ward at the thresholds of the gates. 
These were in the days of Joiakim the son of Jeshua, the son of Jozadak, and in the days of Nehemiah the governor, and of E
347,within curtains. 
And Nathan said to the king, Go, do all that is in thine heart; for the LORD is with thee. 
And it came to pass that night, that the word of the LORD came unto Nathan, saying, 
Go and tell my servant David, Thus saith the LORD, Shalt thou build me an house for me to dwell in? 
Whereas I have not dwelt in any house since the tim
327,he ears of thy son, and of thy son's son, what things I have wrought in Egypt, and my signs which I have done among them; that ye may know how that I am the LORD. 
And Moses and Aaron came in unto Pharaoh, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, How long wilt thou refuse to humble thyself before me? let my 
251,ing joy shall be unto them. 
For I the LORD love judgment, I hate robbery for burnt offering; and I will direct their work in truth, and I will make an everlasting covenant with them. 
And their seed shall be known among the Gentiles, and their offspr
306,d, I have commanded a widow woman there to sustain thee. 
So he arose and went to Zarephath. And when he came to the gate of the city, behold, the widow woman was there gathering of sticks: and he called to her, and said, Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water in a vessel, that I may drink. 
And as she was
262,the coasts of Judaea, and then to the Gentiles, that they should repent and turn to God, and do works meet for repentance. 
For these causes the Jews caught me in the temple, and went about to kill me. 
Having therefore obtained help of God, I continue unto this
260,I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity. 
Therefore whosoever heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man, which built his house upon a rock: 
And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, 
286, therefore said unto him that was cured, It is the sabbath day: it is not lawful for thee to carry thy bed. 
He answered them, He that made me whole, the same said unto me, Take up thy bed, and walk. 
Then asked they him, What man is that which said unto thee, Take up thy bed, and walk
247,e voice of thine enemies: the tumult of those that rise up against thee increaseth continually. 
Unto thee, O God, do we give thanks, unto thee do we give thanks: for that thy name is near thy wondrous works declare. 
When I shall receive the cong
248,but they will not answer thee. 
But thou shalt say unto them, This is a nation that obeyeth not the voice of the LORD their God, nor receiveth correction: truth is perished, and is cut off from their mouth. 
Cut off thine hair, O Jerusalem, and cas
274,the behalf of Christ, not only to believe on him, but also to suffer for his sake; 
Having the same conflict which ye saw in me, and now hear to be in me. 
If there be therefore any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if any bowel
268, head, that ran down upon the beard, even Aaron's beard: that went down to the skirts of his garments; 
As the dew of Hermon, and as the dew that descended upon the mountains of Zion: for there the LORD commanded the blessing, even life for evermore. 
Behold, bless ye
296,the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. 
The book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham. 
Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judas and his br
277,at that was upon the inwards, and the caul above the liver, and the two kidneys, and their fat, and Moses burned it upon the altar. 
But the bullock, and his hide, his flesh, and his dung, he burnt with fire without the camp; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And he brought the ra
271,hout in a place where two ways met; and they loose him. 
And certain of them that stood there said unto them, What do ye, loosing the colt? 
And they said unto them even as Jesus had commanded: and they let them go. 
And they brought the colt to Jesus, and cast their gar
289, house of bondage; for by strength of hand the LORD brought you out from this place: there shall no leavened bread be eaten. 
This day came ye out in the month Abib. 
And it shall be when the LORD shall bring thee into the land of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and th
344,hat thou hast sent him away, and he is quite gone? 
Thou knowest Abner the son of Ner, that he came to deceive thee, and to know thy going out and thy coming in, and to know all that thou doest. 
And when Joab was come out from David, he sent messengers after Abner, which brought him again from the well of Sirah: but David knew it not. 
And w
282,but as the servants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart; 
With good will doing service, as to the Lord, and not to men: 
Knowing that whatsoever good thing any man doeth, the same shall he receive of the Lord, whether he be bond or free. 
And, ye masters, do the same th
242,ne, and men of strength to mingle strong drink: 
Which justify the wicked for reward, and take away the righteousness of the righteous from him! 
Therefore as the fire devoureth the stubble, and the flame consumeth the chaff, so their root sh
255,him in the wilderness, and grieve him in the desert! 
Yea, they turned back and tempted God, and limited the Holy One of Israel. 
They remembered not his hand, nor the day when he delivered them from the enemy. 
How he had wrought his signs in Egypt, and 
263,w he said, It is more blessed to give than to receive. 
And when he had thus spoken, he kneeled down, and prayed with them all. 
And they all wept sore, and fell on Paul's neck, and kissed him, 
Sorrowing most of all for the words which he spake, that they should
338,terpretation of the thing: MENE; God hath numbered thy kingdom, and finished it. 
TEKEL; Thou art weighed in the balances, and art found wanting. 
PERES; Thy kingdom is divided, and given to the Medes and Persians. 
Then commanded Belshazzar, and they clothed Daniel with scarlet, and put a chain of gold about his neck, and made a procla
319,nt, he and the six hundred men that were with him, and came to the brook Besor, where those that were left behind stayed. 
But David pursued, he and four hundred men: for two hundred abode behind, which were so faint that they could not go over the brook Besor. 
And they found an Egyptian in the field, and brought him
321, is offered shall be unto them a thing most holy by the border of the Levites. 
And over against the border of the priests the Levites shall have five and twenty thousand in length, and ten thousand in breadth: all the length shall be five and twenty thousand, and the breadth ten thousand. 
And they shall not sell of it
249,d pleasure, and exact all your labours. 
Behold, ye fast for strife and debate, and to smite with the fist of wickedness: ye shall not fast as ye do this day, to make your voice to be heard on high. 
Is it such a fast that I have chosen? a day for a
324,t an inhabitant. 
For this gird you with sackcloth, lament and howl: for the fierce anger of the LORD is not turned back from us. 
And it shall come to pass at that day, saith the LORD, that the heart of the king shall perish, and the heart of the princes; and the priests shall be astonished, and the prophets shall wonder.
335, of the vow of his separation there shall no razor come upon his head: until the days be fulfilled, in the which he separateth himself unto the LORD, he shall be holy, and shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow. 
All the days that he separateth himself unto the LORD he shall come at no dead body. 
He shall not make himself 
270,hat was done. 
Then his lord, after that he had called him, said unto him, O thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all that debt, because thou desiredst me: 
Shouldest not thou also have had compassion on thy fellowservant, even as I had pity on thee? 
And his lord was wr
303,mselves unto thee. 
When ye blow an alarm, then the camps that lie on the east parts shall go forward. 
When ye blow an alarm the second time, then the camps that lie on the south side shall take their journey: they shall blow an alarm for their journeys. 
But when the congregation is to be gathered to
360,ye should be defiled thereby. 
For I am the LORD your God: ye shall therefore sanctify yourselves, and ye shall be holy; for I am holy: neither shall ye defile yourselves with any manner of creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth. 
For I am the LORD that bringeth you up out of the land of Egypt, to be your God: ye shall therefore be holy, for I am holy. 
269,eyes: also the king of Babylon slew all the nobles of Judah. 
Moreover he put out Zedekiah's eyes, and bound him with chains, to carry him to Babylon. 
And the Chaldeans burned the king's house, and the houses of the people, with fire, and brake down the walls of Jerus
268,households, and their tents, and all the substance that was in their possession, in the midst of all Israel: 
But your eyes have seen all the great acts of the LORD which he did. 
Therefore shall ye keep all the commandments which I command you this day, that ye may b
295,d the LORD answered, Behold he hath hid himself among the stuff. 
And they ran and fetched him thence: and when he stood among the people, he was higher than any of the people from his shoulders and upward. 
And Samuel said to all the people, See ye him whom the LORD hath chosen, that there is 
264,troyed from being a people, because he hath magnified himself against the LORD. 
Fear, and the pit, and the snare, shall be upon thee, O inhabitant of Moab, saith the LORD. 
He that fleeth from the fear shall fall into the pit; and he that getteth up out of the pi
274,use of the money that was returned in our sacks at the first time are we brought in; that he may seek occasion against us, and fall upon us, and take us for bondmen, and our asses. 
And they came near to the steward of Joseph's house, and they communed with him at the door 
276, 
And rams' skins dyed red, and badgers' skins, and shittim wood, 
And oil for the light, and spices for anointing oil, and for the sweet incense, 
And onyx stones, and stones to be set for the ephod, and for the breastplate. 
And every wise hearted among you shall come, and 
348, in prayer; 
Distributing to the necessity of saints; given to hospitality. 
Bless them which persecute you: bless, and curse not. 
Rejoice with them that do rejoice, and weep with them that weep. 
Be of the same mind one toward another. Mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate. Be not wise in your own conceits. 
Recompense to no
251,wed upon us, that we should be called the sons of God: therefore the world knoweth us not, because it knew him not. 
Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be: but we know that, when he shall appear, we shall be 
309,eir tents. 
Yet they tempted and provoked the most high God, and kept not his testimonies: 
But turned back, and dealt unfaithfully like their fathers: they were turned aside like a deceitful bow. 
For they provoked him to anger with their high places, and moved him to jealousy with their graven images. 
Whe
334,the fields. 
And Jacob fled into the country of Syria, and Israel served for a wife, and for a wife he kept sheep. 
And by a prophet the LORD brought Israel out of Egypt, and by a prophet was he preserved. 
Ephraim provoked him to anger most bitterly: therefore shall he leave his blood upon him, and his reproach shall his LORD retur
242,e the firmament: and it was so. 
And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the morning were the second day. 
And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it
302,nd Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground. 
And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD. 
And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and 
320, and did wipe them with the hairs of her head, and kissed his feet, and anointed them with the ointment. 
Now when the Pharisee which had bidden him saw it, he spake within himself, saying, This man, if he were a prophet, would have known who and what manner of woman this is that toucheth him: for she is a sinner. 
And
340,er out of his buckets, and his seed shall be in many waters, and his king shall be higher than Agag, and his kingdom shall be exalted. 
God brought him forth out of Egypt; he hath as it were the strength of an unicorn: he shall eat up the nations his enemies, and shall break their bones, and pierce them through with his arrows. 
He couche
341, those that laded, every one with one of his hands wrought in the work, and with the other hand held a weapon. 
For the builders, every one had his sword girded by his side, and so builded. And he that sounded the trumpet was by me. 
And I said unto the nobles, and to the rulers, and to the rest of the people, The work is great and large, 
299,hip, ye cannot be saved. 
Then the soldiers cut off the ropes of the boat, and let her fall off. 
And while the day was coming on, Paul besought them all to take meat, saying, This day is the fourteenth day that ye have tarried and continued fasting, having taken nothing. 
Wherefore I pray you to t
329,e Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite, and Joshua the son of Nun: for they have wholly followed the LORD. 
And the LORD'S anger was kindled against Israel, and he made them wander in the wilderness forty years, until all the generation, that had done evil in the sight of the LORD, was consumed. 
And, behold, ye are risen up
294,avid said to Ornan, Grant me the place of this threshingfloor, that I may build an altar therein unto the LORD: thou shalt grant it me for the full price: that the plague may be stayed from the people. 
And Ornan said unto David, Take it to thee, and let my lord the king do that which is good 
307,d of God an high priest after the order of Melchisedec. 
Of whom we have many things to say, and hard to be uttered, seeing ye are dull of hearing. 
For when for the time ye ought to be teachers, ye have need that one teach you again which be the first principles of the oracles of God; and are become such 
352,this city and against this land according to all the words of Jeremiah. 
And when Jehoiakim the king, with all his mighty men, and all the princes, heard his words, the king sought to put him to death: but when Urijah heard it, he was afraid, and fled, and went into Egypt; 
And Jehoiakim the king sent men into Egypt, namely, Elnathan the son of Achbo
268,h by sin; and so death passed upon all men, for that all have sinned: 
(For until the law sin was in the world: but sin is not imputed when there is no law. 
Nevertheless death reigned from Adam to Moses, even over them that had not sinned after the similitude of Adam
340,f his ministers, and their apparel, and his cupbearers, and his ascent by which he went up unto the house of the LORD; there was no more spirit in her. 
And she said to the king, It was a true report that I heard in mine own land of thy acts and of thy wisdom. 
Howbeit I believed not the words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it: and
344, out all your right eyes, and lay it for a reproach upon all Israel. 
And the elders of Jabesh said unto him, Give us seven days' respite, that we may send messengers unto all the coasts of Israel: and then, if there be no man to save us, we will come out to thee. 
Then came the messengers to Gibeah of Saul, and told the tidings in the ears o
262, and the wall of Ashdod, and built cities about Ashdod, and among the Philistines. 
And God helped him against the Philistines, and against the Arabians that dwelt in Gurbaal, and the Mehunims. 
And the Ammonites gave gifts to Uzziah: and his name spread abroad 
263,d not the voice; she received not correction; she trusted not in the LORD; she drew not near to her God. 
Her princes within her are roaring lions; her judges are evening wolves; they gnaw not the bones till the morrow. 
Her prophets are light and treacherous per
311,rit, and a wife of youth, when thou wast refused, saith thy God. 
For a small moment have I forsaken thee; but with great mercies will I gather thee. 
In a little wrath I hid my face from thee for a moment; but with everlasting kindness will I have mercy on thee, saith the LORD thy Redeemer. 
For this is as th
324, his life to the destroyers. 
If there be a messenger with him, an interpreter, one among a thousand, to shew unto man his uprightness: 
Then he is gracious unto him, and saith, Deliver him from going down to the pit: I have found a ransom. 
His flesh shall be fresher than a child's: he shall return to the days of his yout
304,rding to your words; and it shall come to pass, that whatsoever thing the LORD shall answer you, I will declare it unto you; I will keep nothing back from you. 
Then they said to Jeremiah, The LORD be a true and faithful witness between us, if we do not even according to all things for the which the LOR
286,
Behold, at that time I will undo all that afflict thee: and I will save her that halteth, and gather her that was driven out; and I will get them praise and fame in every land where they have been put to shame. 
At that time will I bring you again, even in the time that I gather you: 
247,lem slidden back by a perpetual backsliding? they hold fast deceit, they refuse to return. 
I hearkened and heard, but they spake not aright: no man repented him of his wickedness, saying, What have I done? every one turned to his course, as the h
292,tnai, governor on this side the river, Shetharboznai, and their companions, according to that which Darius the king had sent, so they did speedily. 
And the elders of the Jews builded, and they prospered through the prophesying of Haggai the prophet and Zechariah the son of Iddo. And they bu
308,: for I am called by thy name, O LORD God of hosts. 
I sat not in the assembly of the mockers, nor rejoiced; I sat alone because of thy hand: for thou hast filled me with indignation. 
Why is my pain perpetual, and my wound incurable, which refuseth to be healed? wilt thou be altogether unto me as a liar, a
334, sinned from the days of Gibeah: there they stood: the battle in Gibeah against the children of iniquity did not overtake them. 
It is in my desire that I should chastise them; and the people shall be gathered against them, when they shall bind themselves in their two furrows. 
And Ephraim is as an heifer that is taught, and loveth 
346,hy father, saying, There shall not fail thee a man to be ruler in Israel. 
But if ye turn away, and forsake my statutes and my commandments, which I have set before you, and shall go and serve other gods, and worship them; 
Then will I pluck them up by the roots out of my land which I have given them; and this house, which I have sanctified for
350,dah. 
I will utterly consume all things from off the land, saith the LORD. 
I will consume man and beast; I will consume the fowls of the heaven, and the fishes of the sea, and the stumbling blocks with the wicked: and I will cut off man from off the land, saith the LORD. 
I will also stretch out mine hand upon Judah, and upon all the inhabitants o
323,t. 
Thou hast sent widows away empty, and the arms of the fatherless have been broken. 
Therefore snares are round about thee, and sudden fear troubleth thee; 
Or darkness, that thou canst not see; and abundance of waters cover thee. 
Is not God in the height of heaven? and behold the height of the stars, how high they ar
275,so make a laver of brass, and his foot also of brass, to wash withal: and thou shalt put it between the tabernacle of the congregation and the altar, and thou shalt put water therein. 
For Aaron and his sons shall wash their hands and their feet thereat: 
When they go into t
334,self doeth: and he will shew him greater works than these, that ye may marvel. 
For as the Father raiseth up the dead, and quickeneth them; even so the Son quickeneth whom he will. 
For the Father judgeth no man, but hath committed all judgment unto the Son: 
That all men should honour the Son, even as they honour the Father. He tha
323,unto the servant, Go out into the highways and hedges, and compel them to come in, that my house may be filled. 
For I say unto you, That none of those men which were bidden shall taste of my supper. 
And there went great multitudes with him: and he turned, and said unto them, 
If any man come to me, and hate not his fath
251,ot yet received their inheritance. 
And Joshua said unto the children of Israel, How long are ye slack to go to possess the land, which the LORD God of your fathers hath given you? 
Give out from among you three men for each tribe: and I will send the
262,of the year, of every course were twenty and four thousand. 
Over the first course for the first month was Jashobeam the son of Zabdiel: and in his course were twenty and four thousand. 
Of the children of Perez was the chief of all the captains of the host for 
313, and, behold, the four winds of the heaven strove upon the great sea. 
And four great beasts came up from the sea, diverse one from another. 
The first was like a lion, and had eagle's wings: I beheld till the wings thereof were plucked, and it was lifted up from the earth, and made stand upon the feet as a man,
245,y places, seeking rest, and findeth none. 
Then he saith, I will return into my house from whence I came out; and when he is come, he findeth it empty, swept, and garnished. 
Then goeth he, and taketh with himself seven other spirits more wicked
331,, Go in this thy might, and thou shalt save Israel from the hand of the Midianites: have not I sent thee? 
And he said unto him, Oh my Lord, wherewith shall I save Israel? behold, my family is poor in Manasseh, and I am the least in my father's house. 
And the LORD said unto him, Surely I will be with thee, and thou shalt smite t
240,might of thy terrible acts: and I will declare thy greatness. 
They shall abundantly utter the memory of thy great goodness, and shall sing of thy righteousness. 
The LORD is gracious, and full of compassion; slow to anger, and of great mer
259,ve? and what inheritance of the Almighty from on high? 
Is not destruction to the wicked? and a strange punishment to the workers of iniquity? 
Doth not he see my ways, and count all my steps? 
If I have walked with vanity, or if my foot hath hasted to deceit
256,l cast lots upon the two goats; one lot for the LORD, and the other lot for the scapegoat. 
And Aaron shall bring the goat upon which the LORD's lot fell, and offer him for a sin offering. 
But the goat, on which the lot fell to be the scapegoat, shall be 
254,valley: and they lifted up their eyes, and saw the ark, and rejoiced to see it. 
And the cart came into the field of Joshua, a Bethshemite, and stood there, where there was a great stone: and they clave the wood of the cart, and offered the kine a burnt 
269,ariseth for the word's sake, immediately they are offended. 
And these are they which are sown among thorns; such as hear the word, 
And the cares of this world, and the deceitfulness of riches, and the lusts of other things entering in, choke the word, and it becometh
332,branches. 
And if some of the branches be broken off, and thou, being a wild olive tree, wert graffed in among them, and with them partakest of the root and fatness of the olive tree; 
Boast not against the branches. But if thou boast, thou bearest not the root, but the root thee. 
Thou wilt say then, The branches were broken off,
247,. 
And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat Serug: 
And Reu lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters. 
And Serug lived thirty years, and begat Nahor: 
And Serug lived after he begat Nahor two hundre
338,eth silver chains. 
He that is so impoverished that he hath no oblation chooseth a tree that will not rot; he seeketh unto him a cunning workman to prepare a graven image, that shall not be moved. 
Have ye not known? have ye not heard? hath it not been told you from the beginning? have ye not understood from the foundations of the earth
298,uel the prophet. 
And afterward they desired a king: and God gave unto them Saul the son of Cis, a man of the tribe of Benjamin, by the space of forty years. 
And when he had removed him, he raised up unto them David to be their king; to whom also he gave their testimony, and said, I have found Da
273,en also the breaches of the city of David, that they are many: and ye gathered together the waters of the lower pool. 
And ye have numbered the houses of Jerusalem, and the houses have ye broken down to fortify the wall. 
Ye made also a ditch between the two walls for the 
308,d he gave Moses Zipporah his daughter. 
And she bare him a son, and he called his name Gershom: for he said, I have been a stranger in a strange land. 
And it came to pass in process of time, that the king of Egypt died: and the children of Israel sighed by reason of the bondage, and they cried, and their c
309,committed adultery, and have also caused their sons, whom they bare unto me, to pass for them through the fire, to devour them. 
Moreover this they have done unto me: they have defiled my sanctuary in the same day, and have profaned my sabbaths. 
For when they had slain their children to their idols, then th
277, the whole body, and setteth on fire the course of nature; and it is set on fire of hell. 
For every kind of beasts, and of birds, and of serpents, and of things in the sea, is tamed, and hath been tamed of mankind: 
But the tongue can no man tame; it is an unruly evil, full o
257,onth: and the leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations. 
And there shall be no more curse: but the throne of God and of the Lamb shall be in it; and his servants shall serve him: 
And they shall see his face; and his name shall be in their for
340,shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering: 
One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense: 
One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering: 
One kid of the goats for a sin offering: 
And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goa
243,s Babylon become an astonishment among the nations! 
The sea is come up upon Babylon: she is covered with the multitude of the waves thereof. 
Her cities are a desolation, a dry land, and a wilderness, a land wherein no man dwelleth, neither d
297, him, and cause every man to find according to his ways. 
Yea, surely God will not do wickedly, neither will the Almighty pervert judgment. 
Who hath given him a charge over the earth? or who hath disposed the whole world? 
If he set his heart upon man, if he gather unto himself his spirit and hi
334,the city, into an inner chamber. 
And his servants said unto him, Behold now, we have heard that the kings of the house of Israel are merciful kings: let us, I pray thee, put sackcloth on our loins, and ropes upon our heads, and go out to the king of Israel: peradventure he will save thy life. 
So they girded sackcloth on their loin
260,xalt himself, if a man smite you on the face. 
I speak as concerning reproach, as though we had been weak. Howbeit whereinsoever any is bold, (I speak foolishly,) I am bold also. 
Are they Hebrews? so am I. Are they Israelites? so am I. Are they the seed of Ab
334,unto me, saying, 
Ye have compassed this mountain long enough: turn you northward. 
And command thou the people, saying, Ye are to pass through the coast of your brethren the children of Esau, which dwell in Seir; and they shall be afraid of you: take ye good heed unto yourselves therefore: 
Meddle not with them; for I will not give
289,es thereof. 
And I will cause them to eat the flesh of their sons and the flesh of their daughters, and they shall eat every one the flesh of his friend in the siege and straitness, wherewith their enemies, and they that seek their lives, shall straiten them. 
Then shalt thou break the bo
340,ow that is in the cloud in the day of rain, so was the appearance of the brightness round about. This was the appearance of the likeness of the glory of the LORD. And when I saw it, I fell upon my face, and I heard a voice of one that spake. 
And he said unto me, Son of man, stand upon thy feet, and I will speak unto thee. 
And the spirit
332, out unto the gate of that city, and ye shall stone them with stones that they die; the damsel, because she cried not, being in the city; and the man, because he hath humbled his neighbour's wife: so thou shalt put away evil from among you. 
But if a man find a betrothed damsel in the field, and the man force her, and lie with her
311,y truth: let them lead me; let them bring me unto thy holy hill, and to thy tabernacles. 
Then will I go unto the altar of God, unto God my exceeding joy: yea, upon the harp will I praise thee, O God my God. 
Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted within me? hope in God: for I shall yet
268, all the people, great and small: and he read in their ears all the words of the book of the covenant that was found in the house of the LORD. 
And the king stood in his place, and made a covenant before the LORD, to walk after the LORD, and to keep his commandments, 
353,rings of Pisgah. 
And Moses called all Israel, and said unto them, Hear, O Israel, the statutes and judgments which I speak in your ears this day, that ye may learn them, and keep, and do them. 
The LORD our God made a covenant with us in Horeb. 
The LORD made not this covenant with our fathers, but with us, even us, who are all of us here alive this 
267,ael for a possession: 
And die in the mount whither thou goest up, and be gathered unto thy people; as Aaron thy brother died in mount Hor, and was gathered unto his people: 
Because ye trespassed against me among the children of Israel at the waters of MeribahKadesh
247,ame out of the cities they destroyed in the midst of them. 
Thus they inclosed the Benjamites round about, and chased them, and trode them down with ease over against Gibeah toward the sunrising. 
And there fell of Benjamin eighteen thousand men; 
263,h, and a King shall reign and prosper, and shall execute judgment and justice in the earth. 
In his days Judah shall be saved, and Israel shall dwell safely: and this is his name whereby he shall be called, THE LORD OUR RIGHTEOUSNESS. 
Therefore, behold, the days
256,right; but there is no man deputed of the king to hear thee. 
Absalom said moreover, Oh that I were made judge in the land, that every man which hath any suit or cause might come unto me, and I would do him justice! 
And it was so, that when any man came n
344,osen men. 
Among all this people there were seven hundred chosen men lefthanded; every one could sling stones at an hair breadth, and not miss. 
And the men of Israel, beside Benjamin, were numbered four hundred thousand men that drew sword: all these were men of war. 
And the children of Israel arose, and went up to the house of God, and ask
253,at lion: who shall stir him up? Blessed is he that blesseth thee, and cursed is he that curseth thee. 
And Balak's anger was kindled against Balaam, and he smote his hands together: and Balak said unto Balaam, I called thee to curse mine enemies, and, b
345, plucked up by the root, and be thou planted in the sea; and it should obey you. 
But which of you, having a servant plowing or feeding cattle, will say unto him by and by, when he is come from the field, Go and sit down to meat? 
And will not rather say unto him, Make ready wherewith I may sup, and gird thyself, and serve me, till I have eate
264,od dowry; now will my husband dwell with me, because I have born him six sons: and she called his name Zebulun. 
And afterwards she bare a daughter, and called her name Dinah. 
And God remembered Rachel, and God hearkened to her, and opened her womb. 
And she conc
276,ong bulls of Bashan have beset me round. 
They gaped upon me with their mouths, as a ravening and a roaring lion. 
I am poured out like water, and all my bones are out of joint: my heart is like wax; it is melted in the midst of my bowels. 
My strength is dried up like a pots
325,uth, and said, Of a truth I perceive that God is no respecter of persons: 
But in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteousness, is accepted with him. 
The word which God sent unto the children of Israel, preaching peace by Jesus Christ: (he is Lord of all:) 
That word, I say, ye know, which was published thro
243,e this night? bring them out unto us, that we may know them. 
And Lot went out at the door unto them, and shut the door after him, 
And said, I pray you, brethren, do not so wickedly. 
Behold now, I have two daughters which have not known man;
323,nto his own, and his own received him not. 
But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name: 
Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God. 
And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld
292,rusalem; praise thy God, O Zion. 
For he hath strengthened the bars of thy gates; he hath blessed thy children within thee. 
He maketh peace in thy borders, and filleth thee with the finest of the wheat. 
He sendeth forth his commandment upon earth: his word runneth very swiftly. 
He giveth 
276, mount Seir: 
These are the names of Esau's sons; Eliphaz the son of Adah the wife of Esau, Reuel the son of Bashemath the wife of Esau. 
And the sons of Eliphaz were Teman, Omar, Zepho, and Gatam, and Kenaz. 
And Timna was concubine to Eliphaz Esau's son; and she bare to Eli
287,houses of the villages which have no wall round about them shall be counted as the fields of the country: they may be redeemed, and they shall go out in the jubile. 
Notwithstanding the cities of the Levites, and the houses of the cities of their possession, may the Levites redeem at an
358, calling of the assembly, and for the journeying of the camps. 
And when they shall blow with them, all the assembly shall assemble themselves to thee at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And if they blow but with one trumpet, then the princes, which are heads of the thousands of Israel, shall gather themselves unto thee. 
When ye blow an al
270,departed not from them by day, to lead them in the way; neither the pillar of fire by night, to shew them light, and the way wherein they should go. 
Thou gavest also thy good spirit to instruct them, and withheldest not thy manna from their mouth, and gavest them water
289,he woman that is come into thine house like Rachel and like Leah, which two did build the house of Israel: and do thou worthily in Ephratah, and be famous in Bethlehem: 
And let thy house be like the house of Pharez, whom Tamar bare unto Judah, of the seed which the LORD shall give thee o
240, and my fathers have done unto all the people of other lands? were the gods of the nations of those lands any ways able to deliver their lands out of mine hand? 
Who was there among all the gods of those nations that my fathers utterly dest
327,use of Jacob, shall no more again stay upon him that smote them; but shall stay upon the LORD, the Holy One of Israel, in truth. 
The remnant shall return, even the remnant of Jacob, unto the mighty God. 
For though thy people Israel be as the sand of the sea, yet a remnant of them shall return: the consumption decreed shall 
267,sed him. 
And Saul said, I will give him her, that she may be a snare to him, and that the hand of the Philistines may be against him. Wherefore Saul said to David, Thou shalt this day be my son in law in the one of the twain. 
And Saul commanded his servants, saying
294, round about the land; and he shall bring down thy strength from thee, and thy palaces shall be spoiled. 
Thus saith the LORD; As the shepherd taketh out of the mouth of the lion two legs, or a piece of an ear; so shall the children of Israel be taken out that dwell in Samaria in the corner of
357, apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, according to the promise of life which is in Christ Jesus, 
To Timothy, my dearly beloved son: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and Christ Jesus our Lord. 
I thank God, whom I serve from my forefathers with pure conscience, that without ceasing I have remembrance of thee in my prayers night and day;
286,me: 
If those ordinances depart from before me, saith the LORD, then the seed of Israel also shall cease from being a nation before me for ever. 
Thus saith the LORD; If heaven above can be measured, and the foundations of the earth searched out beneath, I will also cast off all the se
346, and before whom three fell; even of that horn that had eyes, and a mouth that spake very great things, whose look was more stout than his fellows. 
I beheld, and the same horn made war with the saints, and prevailed against them; 
Until the Ancient of days came, and judgment was given to the saints of the most High; and the time came that the 
269,led them. 
Now the sons of Saul were Jonathan, and Ishui, and Melchishua: and the names of his two daughters were these; the name of the firstborn Merab, and the name of the younger Michal: 
And the name of Saul's wife was Ahinoam, the daughter of Ahimaaz: and the name
346,e LORD commanded me. 
And the children of Israel took their journey from Beeroth of the children of Jaakan to Mosera: there Aaron died, and there he was buried; and Eleazar his son ministered in the priest's office in his stead. 
From thence they journeyed unto Gudgodah; and from Gudgodah to Jotbath, a land of rivers of waters. 
At that time th
356,r board for his two tenons. 
And for the second side of the tabernacle on the north side there shall be twenty boards: 
And their forty sockets of silver; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board. 
And for the sides of the tabernacle westward thou shalt make six boards. 
And two boards shalt thou make for the corners of the tabern
296, sat down, and taught the people out of the ship. 
Now when he had left speaking, he said unto Simon, Launch out into the deep, and let down your nets for a draught. 
And Simon answering said unto him, Master, we have toiled all the night, and have taken nothing: nevertheless at thy word I will 
299,thou shalt carry it up to Jerusalem. 
And Solomon numbered all the strangers that were in the land of Israel, after the numbering wherewith David his father had numbered them; and they were found an hundred and fifty thousand and three thousand and six hundred. 
And he set threescore and ten thousa
271,aith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will stretch out mine hand upon the Philistines, and I will cut off the Cherethims, and destroy the remnant of the sea coast. 
And I will execute great vengeance upon them with furious rebukes; and they shall know that I am the LORD, when I s
359,halt take a wife for my son of my kindred, and of my father's house: 
Then shalt thou be clear from this my oath, when thou comest to my kindred; and if they give not thee one, thou shalt be clear from my oath. 
And I came this day unto the well, and said, O LORD God of my master Abraham, if now thou do prosper my way which I go: 
Behold, I stand by the wel
272,Paul to be brought. 
And when he was come, the Jews which came down from Jerusalem stood round about, and laid many and grievous complaints against Paul, which they could not prove. 
While he answered for himself, Neither against the law of the Jews, neither against the t
354,arnal, even as unto babes in Christ. 
I have fed you with milk, and not with meat: for hitherto ye were not able to bear it, neither yet now are ye able. 
For ye are yet carnal: for whereas there is among you envying, and strife, and divisions, are ye not carnal, and walk as men? 
For while one saith, I am of Paul; and another, I am of Apollos; are ye 
295,e wilderness wherein they chased them, and when they were all fallen on the edge of the sword, until they were consumed, that all the Israelites returned unto Ai, and smote it with the edge of the sword. 
And so it was, that all that fell that day, both of men and women, were twelve thousand, e
255, 
And he said, I may not return with thee, nor go in with thee: neither will I eat bread nor drink water with thee in this place: 
For it was said to me by the word of the LORD, Thou shalt eat no bread nor drink water there, nor turn again to go by the wa
330,hall a man look to his Maker, and his eyes shall have respect to the Holy One of Israel. 
And he shall not look to the altars, the work of his hands, neither shall respect that which his fingers have made, either the groves, or the images. 
In that day shall his strong cities be as a forsaken bough, and an uppermost branch, whic
243,nd they shall place the abomination that maketh desolate. 
And such as do wickedly against the covenant shall he corrupt by flatteries: but the people that do know their God shall be strong, and do exploits. 
And they that understand among the
298,est me not? 
I will declare thy righteousness, and thy works; for they shall not profit thee. 
When thou criest, let thy companies deliver thee; but the wind shall carry them all away; vanity shall take them: but he that putteth his trust in me shall possess the land, and shall inherit my holy mou
301,burn them with fire seven years: 
So that they shall take no wood out of the field, neither cut down any out of the forests; for they shall burn the weapons with fire: and they shall spoil those that spoiled them, and rob those that robbed them, saith the Lord GOD. 
And it shall come to pass in that 
331,othed with a vesture dipped in blood: and his name is called The Word of God. 
And the armies which were in heaven followed him upon white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean. 
And out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword, that with it he should smite the nations: and he shall rule them with a rod of iron: and he treadeth 
272,divide the inheritance unto the children of Israel in the land of Canaan. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho, saying, 
Command the children of Israel, that they give unto the Levites of the inheritance of their possession cities to
262,of thee by the hearing of the ear: but now mine eye seeth thee. 
Wherefore I abhor myself, and repent in dust and ashes. 
And it was so, that after the LORD had spoken these words unto Job, the LORD said to Eliphaz the Temanite, My wrath is kindled against thee,
326,e LORD from my hand for my son, to make a graven image and a molten image: now therefore I will restore it unto thee. 
Yet he restored the money unto his mother; and his mother took two hundred shekels of silver, and gave them to the founder, who made thereof a graven image and a molten image: and they were in the house of M
270, the kingdom of men, and that he appointeth over it whomsoever he will. 
And thou his son, O Belshazzar, hast not humbled thine heart, though thou knewest all this; 
But hast lifted up thyself against the Lord of heaven; and they have brought the vessels of his house be
242,reas they speak evil of you, as of evildoers, they may be ashamed that falsely accuse your good conversation in Christ. 
For it is better, if the will of God be so, that ye suffer for well doing, than for evil doing. 
For Christ also hath onc
261,spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When either man or woman shall separate themselves to vow a vow of a Nazarite, to separate themselves unto the LORD: 
He shall separate himself from wine and strong drink, and shal
241, that Israel also was had in abomination with the Philistines. And the people were called together after Saul to Gilgal. 
And the Philistines gathered themselves together to fight with Israel, thirty thousand chariots, and six thousand horse
319,it in thirst; for the spoiler of Moab shall come upon thee, and he shall destroy thy strong holds. 
O inhabitant of Aroer, stand by the way, and espy; ask him that fleeth, and her that escapeth, and say, What is done? 
Moab is confounded; for it is broken down: howl and cry; tell ye it in Arnon, that Moab is spoiled, 
325,shalt bring it in: and the baken pieces of the meat offering shalt thou offer for a sweet savour unto the LORD. 
And the priest of his sons that is anointed in his stead shall offer it: it is a statute for ever unto the LORD; it shall be wholly burnt. 
For every meat offering for the priest shall be wholly burnt: it shall n
256,s, every drove by themselves; and said unto his servants, Pass over before me, and put a space betwixt drove and drove. 
And he commanded the foremost, saying, When Esau my brother meeteth thee, and asketh thee, saying, Whose art thou? and whither goest th
245,lestick, and light the lamps thereof. 
And thou shalt set the altar of gold for the incense before the ark of the testimony, and put the hanging of the door to the tabernacle. 
And thou shalt set the altar of the burnt offering before the door o
351, of the people, and he rehearsed them in the ears of the LORD. 
And the LORD said to Samuel, Hearken unto their voice, and make them a king. And Samuel said unto the men of Israel, Go ye every man unto his city. 
Now there was a man of Benjamin, whose name was Kish, the son of Abiel, the son of Zeror, the son of Bechorath, the son of Aphiah, a Benja
254,re strove among themselves, saying, How can this man give us his flesh to eat? 
Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, ye have no life in you. 
Whoso eateth my flesh, and
329,t there be first a willing mind, it is accepted according to that a man hath, and not according to that he hath not. 
For I mean not that other men be eased, and ye burdened: 
But by an equality, that now at this time your abundance may be a supply for their want, that their abundance also may be a supply for your want: that th
331,d: but, I pray thee, take thou now the spear that is at his bolster, and the cruse of water, and let us go. 
So David took the spear and the cruse of water from Saul's bolster; and they gat them away, and no man saw it, nor knew it, neither awaked: for they were all asleep; because a deep sleep from the LORD was fallen upon them.
315, noble Felix, with all thankfulness. 
Notwithstanding, that I be not further tedious unto thee, I pray thee that thou wouldest hear us of thy clemency a few words. 
For we have found this man a pestilent fellow, and a mover of sedition among all the Jews throughout the world, and a ringleader of the sect of the Na
348,with the voice of joy and praise, with a multitude that kept holyday. 
Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted in me? hope thou in God: for I shall yet praise him for the help of his countenance. 
O my God, my soul is cast down within me: therefore will I remember thee from the land of Jordan, and of the Hermonites, from th
332,sted from their enemies, and the month which was turned unto them from sorrow to joy, and from mourning into a good day: that they should make them days of feasting and joy, and of sending portions one to another, and gifts to the poor. 
And the Jews undertook to do as they had begun, and as Mordecai had written unto them; 
Becaus
357,e erected there an altar, and called it EleloheIsrael. 
And Dinah the daughter of Leah, which she bare unto Jacob, went out to see the daughters of the land. 
And when Shechem the son of Hamor the Hivite, prince of the country, saw her, he took her, and lay with her, and defiled her. 
And his soul clave unto Dinah the daughter of Jacob, and he loved the d
338,and Dumah, Massa, Hadad, and Tema, 
Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah. These are the sons of Ishmael. 
Now the sons of Keturah, Abraham's concubine: she bare Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah. And the sons of Jokshan; Sheba, and Dedan. 
And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Henoch, and Abida, and Eldaah
303,. 
And again the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel, and he moved David against them to say, Go, number Israel and Judah. 
For the king said to Joab the captain of the host, which was with him, Go now through all the tribes of Israel, from Dan even to Beersheba, and number ye the people, that
359,ty which thou hast chosen, and toward the house which I have built for thy name: 
Then hear thou from the heavens, even from thy dwelling place, their prayer and their supplications, and maintain their cause, and forgive thy people which have sinned against thee. 
Now, my God, let, I beseech thee, thine eyes be open, and let thine ears be attent unto the pr
323,e, James answered, saying, Men and brethren, hearken unto me: 
Simeon hath declared how God at the first did visit the Gentiles, to take out of them a people for his name. 
And to this agree the words of the prophets; as it is written, 
After this I will return, and will build again the tabernacle of David, which is falle
241,from the day that the LORD commanded Moses, and henceforward among your generations; 
Then it shall be, if ought be committed by ignorance without the knowledge of the congregation, that all the congregation shall offer one young bullock for
331, I am Ruth thine handmaid: spread therefore thy skirt over thine handmaid; for thou art a near kinsman. 
And he said, Blessed be thou of the LORD, my daughter: for thou hast shewed more kindness in the latter end than at the beginning, inasmuch as thou followedst not young men, whether poor or rich. 
And now, my daughter, fear no
329,ive us. 
Notwithstanding ye would not go up, but rebelled against the commandment of the LORD your God: 
And ye murmured in your tents, and said, Because the LORD hated us, he hath brought us forth out of the land of Egypt, to deliver us into the hand of the Amorites, to destroy us. 
Whither shall we go up? our brethren have di
274,locks and the herds be slain for them, to suffice them? or shall all the fish of the sea be gathered together for them, to suffice them? 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Is the LORD'S hand waxed short? thou shalt see now whether my word shall come to pass unto thee or not. 
A
255,yricum, I have fully preached the gospel of Christ. 
Yea, so have I strived to preach the gospel, not where Christ was named, lest I should build upon another man's foundation: 
But as it is written, To whom he was not spoken of, they shall see: and they 
277,ell me, what shall thy wages be? 
And Laban had two daughters: the name of the elder was Leah, and the name of the younger was Rachel. 
Leah was tender eyed; but Rachel was beautiful and well favoured. 
And Jacob loved Rachel; and said, I will serve thee seven years for Rachel
273,ild, I thought as a child: but when I became a man, I put away childish things. 
For now we see through a glass, darkly; but then face to face: now I know in part; but then shall I know even as also I am known. 
And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the gr
345,d afterwards build thine house. 
Be not a witness against thy neighbour without cause; and deceive not with thy lips. 
Say not, I will do so to him as he hath done to me: I will render to the man according to his work. 
I went by the field of the slothful, and by the vineyard of the man void of understanding; 
And, lo, it was all grown over wi
282, defiled the head of his consecration; then he shall shave his head in the day of his cleansing, on the seventh day shall he shave it. 
And on the eighth day he shall bring two turtles, or two young pigeons, to the priest, to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: 
And the
266,irit within me will I seek thee early: for when thy judgments are in the earth, the inhabitants of the world will learn righteousness. 
Let favour be shewed to the wicked, yet will he not learn righteousness: in the land of uprightness will he deal unjustly, and wil
285,im into a land barren and desolate, with his face toward the east sea, and his hinder part toward the utmost sea, and his stink shall come up, and his ill savour shall come up, because he hath done great things. 
Fear not, O land; be glad and rejoice: for the LORD will do great things
286,uch abroad in the skin, after that he hath been seen of the priest for his cleansing, he shall be seen of the priest again. 
And if the priest see that, behold, the scab spreadeth in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a leprosy. 
When the plague of leprosy is 
260,uld fail me to tell of Gedeon, and of Barak, and of Samson, and of Jephthae; of David also, and Samuel, and of the prophets: 
Who through faith subdued kingdoms, wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions. 
Quenched the violence of f
324,
For we that are in this tabernacle do groan, being burdened: not for that we would be unclothed, but clothed upon, that mortality might be swallowed up of life. 
Now he that hath wrought us for the selfsame thing is God, who also hath given unto us the earnest of the Spirit. 
Therefore we are always confident, knowing tha
266,gation, Now bless the LORD your God. And all the congregation blessed the LORD God of their fathers, and bowed down their heads, and worshipped the LORD, and the king. 
And they sacrificed sacrifices unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings unto the LORD, on the m
277,h sackcloth, and cry mightily unto God: yea, let them turn every one from his evil way, and from the violence that is in their hands. 
Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, that we perish not? 
And God saw their works, that they turned 
275,n the mount out of the midst of the fire, 
(I stood between the LORD and you at that time, to shew you the word of the LORD: for ye were afraid by reason of the fire, and went not up into the mount;) saying, 
I am the LORD thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt
315,ed them. 
And when they entered unto the heathen, whither they went, they profaned my holy name, when they said to them, These are the people of the LORD, and are gone forth out of his land. 
But I had pity for mine holy name, which the house of Israel had profaned among the heathen, whither they went. 
Therefore 
286,ill I give thanks unto thee, O LORD, among the heathen, and sing praises unto thy name. 
Great deliverance giveth he to his king; and sheweth mercy to his anointed, to David, and to his seed for evermore. 
The heavens declare the glory of God; and the firmament sheweth his handywork. 

354, and from Nahaliel to Bamoth: 
And from Bamoth in the valley, that is in the country of Moab, to the top of Pisgah, which looketh toward Jeshimon. 
And Israel sent messengers unto Sihon king of the Amorites, saying, 
Let me pass through thy land: we will not turn into the fields, or into the vineyards; we will not drink of the waters of the well: but w
339,ein shall die in like manner: but my salvation shall be for ever, and my righteousness shall not be abolished. 
Hearken unto me, ye that know righteousness, the people in whose heart is my law; fear ye not the reproach of men, neither be ye afraid of their revilings. 
For the moth shall eat them up like a garment, and the worm shall eat 
347,her light of the sun; for the Lord God giveth them light: and they shall reign for ever and ever. 
And he said unto me, These sayings are faithful and true: and the Lord God of the holy prophets sent his angel to shew unto his servants the things which must shortly be done. 
Behold, I come quickly: blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the p
310,believe and are sure that thou art that Christ, the Son of the living God. 
Jesus answered them, Have not I chosen you twelve, and one of you is a devil? 
He spake of Judas Iscariot the son of Simon: for he it was that should betray him, being one of the twelve. 
After these things Jesus walked in Galilee: fo
301,nds of the two wreathen chains they fastened in the two ouches, and put them on the shoulderpieces of the ephod, before it. 
And they made two rings of gold, and put them on the two ends of the breastplate, upon the border of it, which was on the side of the ephod inward. 
And they made two other gol
333, me. 
For whatsoever things were written aforetime were written for our learning, that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope. 
Now the God of patience and consolation grant you to be likeminded one toward another according to Christ Jesus: 
That ye may with one mind and one mouth glorify God, even the Fa
306, of the field by night. 
And it was told David what Rizpah the daughter of Aiah, the concubine of Saul, had done. 
And David went and took the bones of Saul and the bones of Jonathan his son from the men of Jabeshgilead, which had stolen them from the street of Bethshan, where the Philistines had hanged t
259,wbone of an ass, heaps upon heaps, with the jaw of an ass have I slain a thousand men. 
And it came to pass, when he had made an end of speaking, that he cast away the jawbone out of his hand, and called that place Ramathlehi. 
And he was sore athirst, and ca
253, hear, O Lord my God. 
For I said, Hear me, lest otherwise they should rejoice over me: when my foot slippeth, they magnify themselves against me. 
For I am ready to halt, and my sorrow is continually before me. 
For I will declare mine iniquity; I will
283,od, and there is none like me, 
Declaring the end from the beginning, and from ancient times the things that are not yet done, saying, My counsel shall stand, and I will do all my pleasure: 
Calling a ravenous bird from the east, the man that executeth my counsel from a far country:
360,not. 
And he said, What cities are these which thou hast given me, my brother? And he called them the land of Cabul unto this day. 
And Hiram sent to the king sixscore talents of gold. 
And this is the reason of the levy which king Solomon raised; for to build the house of the LORD, and his own house, and Millo, and the wall of Jerusalem, and Hazor, and Megi
324,mine: 
And the prophets shall become wind, and the word is not in them: thus shall it be done unto them. 
Wherefore thus saith the LORD God of hosts, Because ye speak this word, behold, I will make my words in thy mouth fire, and this people wood, and it shall devour them. 
Lo, I will bring a nation upon you from far, O ho
246, hour, in the which Jesus said unto him, Thy son liveth: and himself believed, and his whole house. 
This is again the second miracle that Jesus did, when he was come out of Judaea into Galilee. 
After this there was a feast of the Jews; and Jesu
315,ung to thee; that it may be well with thee, and that thou mayest prolong thy days. 
When thou buildest a new house, then thou shalt make a battlement for thy roof, that thou bring not blood upon thine house, if any man fall from thence. 
Thou shalt not sow thy vineyard with divers seeds: lest the fruit of thy seed
274,ns, and the purple robe. And Pilate saith unto them, Behold the man! 
When the chief priests therefore and officers saw him, they cried out, saying, Crucify him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Take ye him, and crucify him: for I find no fault in him. 
The Jews answere
251,shall pitch their tents, every man by his own camp, and every man by his own standard, throughout their hosts. 
But the Levites shall pitch round about the tabernacle of testimony, that there be no wrath upon the congregation of the children of Israel
333,write it; and our princes, Levites, and priests, seal unto it. 
Now those that sealed were, Nehemiah, the Tirshatha, the son of Hachaliah, and Zidkijah, 
Seraiah, Azariah, Jeremiah, 
Pashur, Amariah, Malchijah, 
Hattush, Shebaniah, Malluch, 
Harim, Meremoth, Obadiah, 
Daniel, Ginnethon, Baruch, 
Meshullam, Abijah, Mijamin, 
Maaziah
360,
For we through the Spirit wait for the hope of righteousness by faith. 
For in Jesus Christ neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision; but faith which worketh by love. 
Ye did run well; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the truth? 
This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you. 
A little leaven leaveneth the whole lump. 
I ha
273,scaped, and dwelt there unto this day. 
Now the sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel, (for he was the firstborn; but forasmuch as he defiled his father's bed, his birthright was given unto the sons of Joseph the son of Israel: and the genealogy is not to be reckoned afte
320,and the breadth of the door, seven cubits. 
So he measured the length thereof, twenty cubits; and the breadth, twenty cubits, before the temple: and he said unto me, This is the most holy place. 
After he measured the wall of the house, six cubits; and the breadth of every side chamber, four cubits, round about the hou
241,bitterness; and a stranger doth not intermeddle with his joy. 
The house of the wicked shall be overthrown: but the tabernacle of the upright shall flourish. 
There is a way which seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of
332, eat of it. It shall be a statute for ever in your generations concerning the offerings of the LORD made by fire: every one that toucheth them shall be holy. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
This is the offering of Aaron and of his sons, which they shall offer unto the LORD in the day when he is anointed; the tenth part of
341,ainst every man, and every man's hand against him; and he shall dwell in the presence of all his brethren. 
And she called the name of the LORD that spake unto her, Thou God seest me: for she said, Have I also here looked after him that seeth me? 
Wherefore the well was called Beerlahairoi; behold, it is between Kadesh and Bered. 
And Haga
331,ears. 
Now it came to pass, when they had heard all the words, they were afraid both one and other, and said unto Baruch, We will surely tell the king of all these words. 
And they asked Baruch, saying, Tell us now, How didst thou write all these words at his mouth? 
Then Baruch answered them, He pronounced all these words unto m
301,ng. 
And the king said, Divide the living child in two, and give half to the one, and half to the other. 
Then spake the woman whose the living child was unto the king, for her bowels yearned upon her son, and she said, O my lord, give her the living child, and in no wise slay it. But the other said,
240,rk, and sailed unto Cyprus; 
And Paul chose Silas, and departed, being recommended by the brethren unto the grace of God. 
And he went through Syria and Cilicia, confirming the churches. 
Then came he to Derbe and Lystra: and, behold, a cer
353,t, and God that is holy shall be sanctified in righteousness. 
Then shall the lambs feed after their manner, and the waste places of the fat ones shall strangers eat. 
Woe unto them that draw iniquity with cords of vanity, and sin as it were with a cart rope: 
That say, Let him make speed, and hasten his work, that we may see it: and let the counsel o
246,e out of his hand. 
Men shall clap their hands at him, and shall hiss him out of his place. 
Surely there is a vein for the silver, and a place for gold where they fine it. 
Iron is taken out of the earth, and brass is molten out of the stone. 
H
265,ter, be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of those which hate them. 
And Rebekah arose, and her damsels, and they rode upon the camels, and followed the man: and the servant took Rebekah, and went his way. 
And Isaac came f
350,rvant, and of thy people Israel, when they shall pray toward this place: and hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place: and when thou hearest, forgive. 
If any man trespass against his neighbour, and an oath be laid upon him to cause him to swear, and the oath come before thine altar in this house: 
Then hear thou in heaven, and do, and judge thy serv
353,re thy merchants: they traded the persons of men and vessels of brass in thy market. 
They of the house of Togarmah traded in thy fairs with horses and horsemen and mules. 
The men of Dedan were thy merchants; many isles were the merchandise of thine hand: they brought thee for a present horns of ivory and ebony. 
Syria was thy merchant by reason of t
298,n all their habitations: and they shall know that I am the LORD. 
Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Also, thou son of man, thus saith the Lord GOD unto the land of Israel; An end, the end is come upon the four corners of the land. 
Now is the end come upon thee, and I will send 
293,th evil. 
Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience sake. 
For for this cause pay ye tribute also: for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing. 
Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to who
314,ll of you have conspired against me, and there is none that sheweth me that my son hath made a league with the son of Jesse, and there is none of you that is sorry for me, or sheweth unto me that my son hath stirred up my servant against me, to lie in wait, as at this day? 
Then answered Doeg the Edomite, which w
277,s from them, neither have I hurt one of them. 
And Moses said unto Korah, Be thou and all thy company before the LORD, thou, and they, and Aaron, to morrow: 
And take every man his censer, and put incense in them, and bring ye before the LORD every man his censer, two hundred 
330,at tribe the stranger sojourneth, there shall ye give him his inheritance, saith the Lord GOD. 
Now these are the names of the tribes. From the north end to the coast of the way of Hethlon, as one goeth to Hamath, Hazarenan, the border of Damascus northward, to the coast of Hamath; for these are his sides east and west; a portio
326,d, there came a voice unto him, and said, What doest thou here, Elijah? 
And he said, I have been very jealous for the LORD God of hosts: because the children of Israel have forsaken thy covenant, thrown down thine altars, and slain thy prophets with the sword; and I, even I only, am left; and they seek my life, to take it a
257,their own company to Antioch with Paul and Barnabas; namely, Judas surnamed Barsabas and Silas, chief men among the brethren: 
And they wrote letters by them after this manner; The apostles and elders and brethren send greeting unto the brethren which are o
292,eturned home again. 
And when we had finished our course from Tyre, we came to Ptolemais, and saluted the brethren, and abode with them one day. 
And the next day we that were of Paul's company departed, and came unto Caesarea: and we entered into the house of Philip the evangelist, which wa
241,d his own life also, he cannot be my disciple. 
And whosoever doth not bear his cross, and come after me, cannot be my disciple. 
For which of you, intending to build a tower, sitteth not down first, and counteth the cost, whether he have su
240,e not off in the time of old age; forsake me not when my strength faileth. 
For mine enemies speak against me; and they that lay wait for my soul take counsel together, 
Saying, God hath forsaken him: persecute and take him; for there is no
323,ngs; and Israel is the rod of his inheritance: The LORD of hosts is his name. 
Gather up thy wares out of the land, O inhabitant of the fortress. 
For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will sling out the inhabitants of the land at this once, and will distress them, that they may find it so. 
Woe is me for my hurt! my wound i
267,d if any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous: 
And he is the propitiation for our sins: and not for our's only, but also for the sins of the whole world. 
And hereby we do know that we know him, if we keep his commandments. 
He th
261,f sins; 
As it is written in the book of the words of Esaias the prophet, saying, The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight. 
Every valley shall be filled, and every mountain and hill shall be brought low
321, lacking from thy meat offering: with all thine offerings thou shalt offer salt. 
And if thou offer a meat offering of thy firstfruits unto the LORD, thou shalt offer for the meat offering of thy firstfruits green ears of corn dried by the fire, even corn beaten out of full ears. 
And thou shalt put oil upon it, and lay
292,. 
Judah is gone into captivity because of affliction, and because of great servitude: she dwelleth among the heathen, she findeth no rest: all her persecutors overtook her between the straits. 
The ways of Zion do mourn, because none come to the solemn feasts: all her gates are desolate: he
344,truth, that we should be a kind of firstfruits of his creatures. 
Wherefore, my beloved brethren, let every man be swift to hear, slow to speak, slow to wrath: 
For the wrath of man worketh not the righteousness of God. 
Wherefore lay apart all filthiness and superfluity of naughtiness, and receive with meekness the engrafted word, which is a
309,hee the field for money, and take witnesses; for the city is given into the hand of the Chaldeans. 
Then came the word of the LORD unto Jeremiah, saying, 
Behold, I am the LORD, the God of all flesh: is there any thing too hard for me? 
Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will give this city into the ha
319, thy daughters. 
Behold, this was the iniquity of thy sister Sodom, pride, fulness of bread, and abundance of idleness was in her and in her daughters, neither did she strengthen the hand of the poor and needy. 
And they were haughty, and committed abomination before me: therefore I took them away as I saw good. 
Neit
241,o tell him. 
So he took him, and brought him to the chief captain, and said, Paul the prisoner called me unto him, and prayed me to bring this young man unto thee, who hath something to say unto thee. 
Then the chief captain took him by the 
327, took bribes, and perverted judgment. 
Then all the elders of Israel gathered themselves together, and came to Samuel unto Ramah, 
And said unto him, Behold, thou art old, and thy sons walk not in thy ways: now make us a king to judge us like all the nations. 
But the thing displeased Samuel, when they said, Give us a king to
336,en said Pilate unto them, Take ye him, and judge him according to your law. The Jews therefore said unto him, It is not lawful for us to put any man to death: 
That the saying of Jesus might be fulfilled, which he spake, signifying what death he should die. 
Then Pilate entered into the judgment hall again, and called Jesus, and said 
272,achirites: and Machir begat Gilead: of Gilead come the family of the Gileadites. 
These are the sons of Gilead: of Jeezer, the family of the Jeezerites: of Helek, the family of the Helekites: 
And of Asriel, the family of the Asrielites: and of Shechem, the family of the 
300,y, far or near; 
Yet if they shall bethink themselves in the land whither they were carried captives, and repent, and make supplication unto thee in the land of them that carried them captives, saying, We have sinned, and have done perversely, we have committed wickedness; 
And so return unto thee w
340, came to Shechem. 
And a certain man found him, and, behold, he was wandering in the field: and the man asked him, saying, What seekest thou? 
And he said, I seek my brethren: tell me, I pray thee, where they feed their flocks. 
And the man said, They are departed hence; for I heard them say, Let us go to Dothan. And Joseph went after his
347,chadrezzar king of Babylon should come and smite the land of Egypt. 
Declare ye in Egypt, and publish in Migdol, and publish in Noph and in Tahpanhes: say ye, Stand fast, and prepare thee; for the sword shall devour round about thee. 
Why are thy valiant men swept away? they stood not, because the LORD did drive them. 
He made many to fall, yea,
333, as at this day? 
Then Ahimelech answered the king, and said, And who is so faithful among all thy servants as David, which is the king's son in law, and goeth at thy bidding, and is honourable in thine house? 
Did I then begin to enquire of God for him? be it far from me: let not the king impute any thing unto his servant, nor to 
273,was I stoned, thrice I suffered shipwreck, a night and a day I have been in the deep; 
In journeyings often, in perils of waters, in perils of robbers, in perils by mine own countrymen, in perils by the heathen, in perils in the city, in perils in the wilderness, in perils
309,h, I will make thee desolate. 
As thou didst rejoice at the inheritance of the house of Israel, because it was desolate, so will I do unto thee: thou shalt be desolate, O mount Seir, and all Idumea, even all of it: and they shall know that I am the LORD. 
Also, thou son of man, prophesy unto the mountains of
354,d the LORD appeared unto him, and said, Go not down into Egypt; dwell in the land which I shall tell thee of: 
Sojourn in this land, and I will be with thee, and will bless thee; for unto thee, and unto thy seed, I will give all these countries, and I will perform the oath which I sware unto Abraham thy father; 
And I will make thy seed to multiply as 
246,hall do well. Fare ye well. 
So when they were dismissed, they came to Antioch: and when they had gathered the multitude together, they delivered the epistle: 
Which when they had read, they rejoiced for the consolation. 
And Judas and Silas, bei
253,rstanding, that by my voice I might teach others also, than ten thousand words in an unknown tongue. 
Brethren, be not children in understanding: howbeit in malice be ye children, but in understanding be men. 
In the law it is written, With men of other
307,D. 
Then ye shall sacrifice one kid of the goats for a sin offering, and two lambs of the first year for a sacrifice of peace offerings. 
And the priest shall wave them with the bread of the firstfruits for a wave offering before the LORD, with the two lambs: they shall be holy to the LORD for the priest. 
266,and shall glorify thy name. 
For thou art great, and doest wondrous things: thou art God alone. 
Teach me thy way, O LORD; I will walk in thy truth: unite my heart to fear thy name. 
I will praise thee, O Lord my God, with all my heart: and I will glorify thy name f
287,w you a large upper room furnished: there make ready. 
And they went, and found as he had said unto them: and they made ready the passover. 
And when the hour was come, he sat down, and the twelve apostles with him. 
And he said unto them, With desire I have desired to eat this passover
322,d Jahzah with her suburbs, 
Kedemoth also with her suburbs, and Mephaath with her suburbs: 
And out of the tribe of Gad; Ramoth in Gilead with her suburbs, and Mahanaim with her suburbs, 
And Heshbon with her suburbs, and Jazer with her suburbs. 
Now the sons of Issachar were, Tola, and Puah, Jashub, and Shimrom, four. 

300,the son of Zephaniah, for a memorial in the temple of the LORD. 
And they that are far off shall come and build in the temple of the LORD, and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto you. And this shall come to pass, if ye will diligently obey the voice of the LORD your God. 
And it c
337, mire, and I am become like dust and ashes. 
I cry unto thee, and thou dost not hear me: I stand up, and thou regardest me not. 
Thou art become cruel to me: with thy strong hand thou opposest thyself against me. 
Thou liftest me up to the wind; thou causest me to ride upon it, and dissolvest my substance. 
For I know that thou wilt br
290, former, or as the latter. 
For the ships of Chittim shall come against him: therefore he shall be grieved, and return, and have indignation against the holy covenant: so shall he do; he shall even return, and have intelligence with them that forsake the holy covenant. 
And arms shall stan
358,ch hang down, and the feeble knees; 
And make straight paths for your feet, lest that which is lame be turned out of the way; but let it rather be healed. 
Follow peace with all men, and holiness, without which no man shall see the Lord: 
Looking diligently lest any man fail of the grace of God; lest any root of bitterness springing up trouble you, and the
247, elements of the world: 
But when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law, 
To redeem them that were under the law, that we might receive the adoption of sons. 
And because ye are sons, God hat
311,them in the camel's furniture, and sat upon them. And Laban searched all the tent, but found them not. 
And she said to her father, Let it not displease my lord that I cannot rise up before thee; for the custom of women is upon me. And he searched but found not the images. 
And Jacob was wroth, and chode with 
324, a root of them against Amalek; after thee, Benjamin, among thy people; out of Machir came down governors, and out of Zebulun they that handle the pen of the writer. 
And the princes of Issachar were with Deborah; even Issachar, and also Barak: he was sent on foot into the valley. For the divisions of Reuben there were gre
281,m a statute and an ordinance in Shechem. 
And Joshua wrote these words in the book of the law of God, and took a great stone, and set it up there under an oak, that was by the sanctuary of the LORD. 
And Joshua said unto all the people, Behold, this stone shall be a witness unto u
309, but he shall not be strengthened by it. 
For the king of the north shall return, and shall set forth a multitude greater than the former, and shall certainly come after certain years with a great army and with much riches. 
And in those times there shall many stand up against the king of the south: also the
333,and scarlet, and fine linen, and goats' hair, 
And rams' skins dyed red, and badgers' skins, and shittim wood, 
And oil for the light, and spices for anointing oil, and for the sweet incense, 
And onyx stones, and stones to be set for the ephod, and for the breastplate. 
And every wise hearted among you shall come, and make all tha
352,l yield royal dainties. 
Naphtali is a hind let loose: he giveth goodly words. 
Joseph is a fruitful bough, even a fruitful bough by a well; whose branches run over the wall: 
The archers have sorely grieved him, and shot at him, and hated him: 
But his bow abode in strength, and the arms of his hands were made strong by the hands of the mighty God o
246,y have forsaken my law which I set before them, and have not obeyed my voice, neither walked therein; 
But have walked after the imagination of their own heart, and after Baalim, which their fathers taught them: 
Therefore thus saith the LORD of 
249,he things which happened unto me have fallen out rather unto the furtherance of the gospel; 
So that my bonds in Christ are manifest in all the palace, and in all other places; 
And many of the brethren in the Lord, waxing confident by my bonds, are
264,ere was a man, whose appearance was like the appearance of brass, with a line of flax in his hand, and a measuring reed; and he stood in the gate. 
And the man said unto me, Son of man, behold with thine eyes, and hear with thine ears, and set thine heart upon all
240,on Hophni and Phinehas; in one day they shall die both of them. 
And I will raise me up a faithful priest, that shall do according to that which is in mine heart and in my mind: and I will build him a sure house; and he shall walk before mi
341,st slain, thou hast not pitied. 
Thou hast covered thyself with a cloud, that our prayer should not pass through. 
Thou hast made us as the offscouring and refuse in the midst of the people. 
All our enemies have opened their mouths against us. 
Fear and a snare is come upon us, desolation and destruction. 
Mine eye runneth down with river
283,Babylon had made governor over the land. 
Ishmael also slew all the Jews that were with him, even with Gedaliah, at Mizpah, and the Chaldeans that were found there, and the men of war. 
And it came to pass the second day after he had slain Gedaliah, and no man knew it, 
That there c
304,and told Absalom: but they went both of them away quickly, and came to a man's house in Bahurim, which had a well in his court; whither they went down. 
And the woman took and spread a covering over the well's mouth, and spread ground corn thereon; and the thing was not known. 
And when Absalom's servan
263,me, and served other gods, so do they also unto thee. 
Now therefore hearken unto their voice: howbeit yet protest solemnly unto them, and shew them the manner of the king that shall reign over them. 
And Samuel told all the words of the LORD unto the people that
305,nfallible proofs, being seen of them forty days, and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God: 
And, being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father, which, saith he, ye have heard of me. 
For John truly 
347,ke him afraid. 
For I am with thee, saith the LORD, to save thee: though I make a full end of all nations whither I have scattered thee, yet I will not make a full end of thee: but I will correct thee in measure, and will not leave thee altogether unpunished. 
For thus saith the LORD, Thy bruise is incurable, and thy wound is grievous. 
There is
280,ne house, and when thou walkest by the way, when thou liest down, and when thou risest up. 
And thou shalt write them upon the door posts of thine house, and upon thy gates: 
That your days may be multiplied, and the days of your children, in the land which the LORD sware unto yo
360,he was, neither told he me his name: 
But he said unto me, Behold, thou shalt conceive, and bear a son; and now drink no wine nor strong drink, neither eat any unclean thing: for the child shall be a Nazarite to God from the womb to the day of his death. 
Then Manoah intreated the LORD, and said, O my Lord, let the man of God which thou didst send come again
253,eir also shall be a possession for his enemies; and Israel shall do valiantly. 
Out of Jacob shall come he that shall have dominion, and shall destroy him that remaineth of the city. 
And when he looked on Amalek, he took up his parable, and said, Amale
267,nto the vineyard; and whatsoever is right, that shall ye receive. 
So when even was come, the lord of the vineyard saith unto his steward, Call the labourers, and give them their hire, beginning from the last unto the first. 
And when they came that were hired about 
325,phat his son reigned in his stead. 
And Nadab the son of Jeroboam began to reign over Israel in the second year of Asa king of Judah, and reigned over Israel two years. 
And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of his father, and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin. 
And Baasha the son of Ahija
273, the LORD; because they called thee an Outcast, saying, This is Zion, whom no man seeketh after. 
Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will bring again the captivity of Jacob's tents, and have mercy on his dwellingplaces; and the city shall be builded upon her own heap, and the 
288,rael. 
And David said to Solomon, My son, as for me, it was in my mind to build an house unto the name of the LORD my God: 
But the word of the LORD came to me, saying, Thou hast shed blood abundantly, and hast made great wars: thou shalt not build an house unto my name, because thou has
273, when she was come to her house, she found the devil gone out, and her daughter laid upon the bed. 
And again, departing from the coasts of Tyre and Sidon, he came unto the sea of Galilee, through the midst of the coasts of Decapolis. 
And they bring unto him one that was 
280, 
And sow the fields, and plant vineyards, which may yield fruits of increase. 
He blesseth them also, so that they are multiplied greatly; and suffereth not their cattle to decrease. 
Again, they are minished and brought low through oppression, affliction, and sorrow. 
He pouret
297,ong. 
O God, how long shall the adversary reproach? shall the enemy blaspheme thy name for ever? 
Why withdrawest thou thy hand, even thy right hand? pluck it out of thy bosom. 
For God is my King of old, working salvation in the midst of the earth. 
Thou didst divide the sea by thy strength: tho
276,swer also my part, I also will shew mine opinion. 
For I am full of matter, the spirit within me constraineth me. 
Behold, my belly is as wine which hath no vent; it is ready to burst like new bottles. 
I will speak, that I may be refreshed: I will open my lips and answer. 
L
247,of Rechab our father in all that he hath charged us, to drink no wine all our days, we, our wives, our sons, nor our daughters; 
Nor to build houses for us to dwell in: neither have we vineyard, nor field, nor seed: 
But we have dwelt in tents, an
255,port: and they set him between the pillars. 
And Samson said unto the lad that held him by the hand, Suffer me that I may feel the pillars whereupon the house standeth, that I may lean upon them. 
Now the house was full of men and women; and all the lords
342, nigh unto Jerusalem, and were come to Bethphage, unto the mount of Olives, then sent Jesus two disciples, 
Saying unto them, Go into the village over against you, and straightway ye shall find an ass tied, and a colt with her: loose them, and bring them unto me. 
And if any man say ought unto you, ye shall say, The Lord hath need of them; 
331,ments. 
And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever; 
Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you. 
I will not leave you comfortless: I will come t
245,d the princes and the trumpets by the king: and all the people of the land rejoiced, and sounded with trumpets, also the singers with instruments of musick, and such as taught to sing praise. Then Athaliah rent her clothes, and said, Treason, Tr
310,aria, even fourscore men, having their beards shaven, and their clothes rent, and having cut themselves, with offerings and incense in their hand, to bring them to the house of the LORD. 
And Ishmael the son of Nethaniah went forth from Mizpah to meet them, weeping all along as he went: and it came to pass, a
273,ned: and the pursuers sought them throughout all the way, but found them not. 
So the two men returned, and descended from the mountain, and passed over, and came to Joshua the son of Nun, and told him all things that befell them: 
And they said unto Joshua, Truly the LORD
255,h believe he is precious: but unto them which be disobedient, the stone which the builders disallowed, the same is made the head of the corner, 
And a stone of stumbling, and a rock of offence, even to them which stumble at the word, being disobedient: wh
250,d; it shall not be a burden upon your shoulders: serve now the LORD your God, and his people Israel, 
And prepare yourselves by the houses of your fathers, after your courses, according to the writing of David king of Israel, and according to the wri
290,nce; he will come and save you. 
Then the eyes of the blind shall be opened, and the ears of the deaf shall be unstopped. 
Then shall the lame man leap as an hart, and the tongue of the dumb sing: for in the wilderness shall waters break out, and streams in the desert. 
And the parched gro
252,el: and Mehujael begat Methusael: and Methusael begat Lamech. 
And Lamech took unto him two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah. 
And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of such as have ca
266,en the principal fathers over against their younger brethren. 
Moreover David and the captains of the host separated to the service of the sons of Asaph, and of Heman, and of Jeduthun, who should prophesy with harps, with psalteries, and with cymbals: and the number
289, three hundred shekels of gold went to one shield. And the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon. 
Moreover the king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid it with pure gold. 
And there were six steps to the throne, with a footstool of gold, which were fastened to the th
350,he children of Israel? 
Wherefore kick ye at my sacrifice and at mine offering, which I have commanded in my habitation; and honourest thy sons above me, to make yourselves fat with the chiefest of all the offerings of Israel my people? 
Wherefore the LORD God of Israel saith, I said indeed that thy house, and the house of thy father, should walk b
267,ame to fight in the valley of Megiddo. 
And the archers shot at king Josiah; and the king said to his servants, Have me away; for I am sore wounded. 
His servants therefore took him out of that chariot, and put him in the second chariot that he had; and they brought 
299, the priests waited on their offices: the Levites also with instruments of musick of the LORD, which David the king had made to praise the LORD, because his mercy endureth for ever, when David praised by their ministry; and the priests sounded trumpets before them, and all Israel stood. 
Moreover S
275,the LORD, that to morrow he will be wroth with the whole congregation of Israel. 
Notwithstanding, if the land of your possession be unclean, then pass ye over unto the land of the possession of the LORD, wherein the LORD's tabernacle dwelleth, and take possession among us: 
245,and brought peace offerings; and the people sat down to eat and to drink, and rose up to play. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Go, get thee down; for thy people, which thou broughtest out of the land of Egypt, have corrupted themselves: 
They hav
335,ed in the priest's office in the sight of Aaron their father. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Bring the tribe of Levi near, and present them before Aaron the priest, that they may minister unto him. 
And they shall keep his charge, and the charge of the whole congregation before the tabernacle of the congregation, to do the 
256,ders, 
Saying, I have sinned in that I have betrayed the innocent blood. And they said, What is that to us? see thou to that. 
And he cast down the pieces of silver in the temple, and departed, and went and hanged himself. 
And the chief priests took the s
319,r the shewbread, and for the fine flour for meat offering, and for the unleavened cakes, and for that which is baked in the pan, and for that which is fried, and for all manner of measure and size; 
And to stand every morning to thank and praise the LORD, and likewise at even: 
And to offer all burnt sacrifices unto t
286,them that seek death. 
The robbery of the wicked shall destroy them; because they refuse to do judgment. 
The way of man is froward and strange: but as for the pure, his work is right. 
It is better to dwell in a corner of the housetop, than with a brawling woman in a wide house. 
The 
319,ll pardon it. 
And though they say, The LORD liveth; surely they swear falsely. 
O LORD, are not thine eyes upon the truth? thou hast stricken them, but they have not grieved; thou hast consumed them, but they have refused to receive correction: they have made their faces harder than a rock; they have refused to retur
354,and threescore measures of meal, 
Ten fat oxen, and twenty oxen out of the pastures, and an hundred sheep, beside harts, and roebucks, and fallowdeer, and fatted fowl. 
For he had dominion over all the region on this side the river, from Tiphsah even to Azzah, over all the kings on this side the river: and he had peace on all sides round about him. 
An
343,hy father, I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I will add unto thy days fifteen years. 
And I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria: and I will defend this city. 
And this shall be a sign unto thee from the LORD, that the LORD will do this thing that he hath spoken; 
Behold, I will bring a
282,f the Jews and rulers, beside those that came unto us from among the heathen that are about us. 
Now that which was prepared for me daily was one ox and six choice sheep; also fowls were prepared for me, and once in ten days store of all sorts of wine: yet for all this required not
261, up because of the children of Israel: none went out, and none came in. 
And the LORD said unto Joshua, See, I have given into thine hand Jericho, and the king thereof, and the mighty men of valour. 
And ye shall compass the city, all ye men of war, and go roun
310,est that thy brother hath ought against thee; 
Leave there thy gift before the altar, and go thy way; first be reconciled to thy brother, and then come and offer thy gift. 
Agree with thine adversary quickly, whiles thou art in the way with him; lest at any time the adversary deliver thee to the judge, and th
316,lted above all blessing and praise. 
Thou, even thou, art LORD alone; thou hast made heaven, the heaven of heavens, with all their host, the earth, and all things that are therein, the seas, and all that is therein, and thou preservest them all; and the host of heaven worshippeth thee. 
Thou art the LORD the God, w
268,y thee, hear my speeches, and hearken to all my words. 
Behold, now I have opened my mouth, my tongue hath spoken in my mouth. 
My words shall be of the uprightness of my heart: and my lips shall utter knowledge clearly. 
The spirit of God hath made me, and the breath
266,abernacles was at hand. 
His brethren therefore said unto him, Depart hence, and go into Judaea, that thy disciples also may see the works that thou doest. 
For there is no man that doeth any thing in secret, and he himself seeketh to be known openly. If thou do the
319, the men were sore afraid. 
Then Abimelech called Abraham, and said unto him, What hast thou done unto us? and what have I offended thee, that thou hast brought on me and on my kingdom a great sin? thou hast done deeds unto me that ought not to be done. 
And Abimelech said unto Abraham, What sawest thou, that thou has
342,vites have no part among you; for the priesthood of the LORD is their inheritance: and Gad, and Reuben, and half the tribe of Manasseh, have received their inheritance beyond Jordan on the east, which Moses the servant of the LORD gave them. 
And the men arose, and went away: and Joshua charged them that went to describe the land, saying, G
260,s, there is none that doeth good. 
The LORD looked down from heaven upon the children of men, to see if there were any that did understand, and seek God. 
They are all gone aside, they are all together become filthy: there is none that doeth good, no, not one.
241,me evil beast hath devoured him: and we shall see what will become of his dreams. 
And Reuben heard it, and he delivered him out of their hands; and said, Let us not kill him. 
And Reuben said unto them, Shed no blood, but cast him into this
358, be buried, neither shall men lament for them, nor cut themselves, nor make themselves bald for them: 
Neither shall men tear themselves for them in mourning, to comfort them for the dead; neither shall men give them the cup of consolation to drink for their father or for their mother. 
Thou shalt not also go into the house of feasting, to sit with them to
272, sword: she is delivered to the sword: draw her and all her multitudes. 
The strong among the mighty shall speak to him out of the midst of hell with them that help him: they are gone down, they lie uncircumcised, slain by the sword. 
Asshur is there and all her company: 
343, a bear met him; or went into the house, and leaned his hand on the wall, and a serpent bit him. 
Shall not the day of the LORD be darkness, and not light? even very dark, and no brightness in it? 
I hate, I despise your feast days, and I will not smell in your solemn assemblies. 
Though ye offer me burnt offerings and your meat offerings, I
286,th Zerubbabel: Jeshua, Nehemiah, Seraiah, Reelaiah, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mizpar, Bigvai, Rehum, Baanah. The number of the men of the people of Israel: 
The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two. 
The children of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two. 
The childr
320,se thou hast clapped thine hands, and stamped with the feet, and rejoiced in heart with all thy despite against the land of Israel; 
Behold, therefore I will stretch out mine hand upon thee, and will deliver thee for a spoil to the heathen; and I will cut thee off from the people, and I will cause thee to perish out of
289,he in Jerusalem. 
Then sat Solomon upon the throne of David his father; and his kingdom was established greatly. 
And Adonijah the son of Haggith came to Bathsheba the mother of Solomon. And she said, Comest thou peaceably? And he said, Peaceably. 
He said moreover, I have somewhat to say
293,me, they gave to me and Barnabas the right hands of fellowship; that we should go unto the heathen, and they unto the circumcision. 
Only they would that we should remember the poor; the same which I also was forward to do. 
But when Peter was come to Antioch, I withstood him to the face, bec
251,t thou hast taken my husband? and wouldest thou take away my son's mandrakes also? And Rachel said, Therefore he shall lie with thee to night for thy son's mandrakes. 
And Jacob came out of the field in the evening, and Leah went out to meet him, and 
353,ile, both he, and his children with him. 
For unto me the children of Israel are servants; they are my servants whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt: I am the LORD your God. 
Ye shall make you no idols nor graven image, neither rear you up a standing image, neither shall ye set up any image of stone in your land, to bow down unto it: for I am
243,om I have not known shall serve me. 
As soon as they hear of me, they shall obey me: the strangers shall submit themselves unto me. 
The strangers shall fade away, and be afraid out of their close places. 
The LORD liveth; and blessed be my ro
342,to buy food: 
And it came to pass, when we came to the inn, that we opened our sacks, and, behold, every man's money was in the mouth of his sack, our money in full weight: and we have brought it again in our hand. 
And other money have we brought down in our hands to buy food: we cannot tell who put our money in our sacks. 
And he said, Pe
258,e heart concerning the estate of the sons of men, that God might manifest them, and that they might see that they themselves are beasts. 
For that which befalleth the sons of men befalleth beasts; even one thing befalleth them: as the one dieth, so dieth the
273, 
And he that shall swear by heaven, sweareth by the throne of God, and by him that sitteth thereon. 
Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye pay tithe of mint and anise and cummin, and have omitted the weightier matters of the law, judgment, mercy, and fai
326,en? 
A scorner loveth not one that reproveth him: neither will he go unto the wise. 
A merry heart maketh a cheerful countenance: but by sorrow of the heart the spirit is broken. 
The heart of him that hath understanding seeketh knowledge: but the mouth of fools feedeth on foolishness. 
All the days of the afflicted are evil
257,ver me: when my foot slippeth, they magnify themselves against me. 
For I am ready to halt, and my sorrow is continually before me. 
For I will declare mine iniquity; I will be sorry for my sin. 
But mine enemies are lively, and they are strong: and they th
270,ing certain disciples, 
He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost. 
And he said unto them, Unto what then were ye baptized? And they said, Unto John's baptis
349, know that I am the LORD your God dwelling in Zion, my holy mountain: then shall Jerusalem be holy, and there shall no strangers pass through her any more. 
And it shall come to pass in that day, that the mountains shall drop down new wine, and the hills shall flow with milk, and all the rivers of Judah shall flow with waters, and a fountain shall
359,g a kingdom, to pluck up, and to pull down, and to destroy it; 
If that nation, against whom I have pronounced, turn from their evil, I will repent of the evil that I thought to do unto them. 
And at what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, and concerning a kingdom, to build and to plant it; 
If it do evil in my sight, that it obey not my voice, then
323,aid unto the house of the Rechabites, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Because ye have obeyed the commandment of Jonadab your father, and kept all his precepts, and done according unto all that he hath commanded you: 
Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Jonadab the son of Rechab shal
247,hildren of Israel, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I brought up Israel out of Egypt, and delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all kingdoms, and of them that oppressed you: 
And ye have this day rejected your Go
343,gat sons and daughters. 
And Peleg lived thirty years, and begat Reu: 
And Peleg lived after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years, and begat sons and daughters. 
And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat Serug: 
And Reu lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters. 
And Serug lived thirty years,
346,eart: 
And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou risest up. 
And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thine hand, and they shall be as frontlets between thine eyes. 
And thou shalt write them upon the 
308,hee. 
Be merciful unto me, O God: for man would swallow me up; he fighting daily oppresseth me. 
Mine enemies would daily swallow me up: for they be many that fight against me, O thou most High. 
What time I am afraid, I will trust in thee. 
In God I will praise his word, in God I have put my trust; I will 
309, they brought seven bullocks, and seven rams, and seven lambs, and seven he goats, for a sin offering for the kingdom, and for the sanctuary, and for Judah. And he commanded the priests the sons of Aaron to offer them on the altar of the LORD. 
So they killed the bullocks, and the priests received the blood,
355,th young are with me: and if men should overdrive them one day, all the flock will die. 
Let my lord, I pray thee, pass over before his servant: and I will lead on softly, according as the cattle that goeth before me and the children be able to endure, until I come unto my lord unto Seir. 
And Esau said, Let me now leave with thee some of the folk that 
321,one and the selfsame Spirit, dividing to every man severally as he will. 
For as the body is one, and hath many members, and all the members of that one body, being many, are one body: so also is Christ. 
For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and
283, a swallow, so did I chatter: I did mourn as a dove: mine eyes fail with looking upward: O LORD, I am oppressed; undertake for me. 
What shall I say? he hath both spoken unto me, and himself hath done it: I shall go softly all my years in the bitterness of my soul. 
O LORD, by these
248,ed them by the skilfulness of his hands. 
O god, the heathen are come into thine inheritance; thy holy temple have they defiled; they have laid Jerusalem on heaps. 
The dead bodies of thy servants have they given to be meat unto the fowls of the he
310,f the fury of the LORD; I am weary with holding in: I will pour it out upon the children abroad, and upon the assembly of young men together: for even the husband with the wife shall be taken, the aged with him that is full of days. 
And their houses shall be turned unto others, with their fields and wives to
310,lace for thy dwelling for ever. 
And the king turned his face, and blessed the whole congregation of Israel: and all the congregation of Israel stood. 
And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, who hath with his hands fulfilled that which he spake with his mouth to my father David, saying, 
Since the da
332,o art thou that judgest another? 
Go to now, ye that say, To day or to morrow we will go into such a city, and continue there a year, and buy and sell, and get gain: 
Whereas ye know not what shall be on the morrow. For what is your life? It is even a vapour, that appeareth for a little time, and then vanisheth away. 
For that ye 
282,t in his hand by the hole of the door, and my bowels were moved for him. 
I rose up to open to my beloved; and my hands dropped with myrrh, and my fingers with sweet smelling myrrh, upon the handles of the lock. 
I opened to my beloved; but my beloved had withdrawn himself, and was
312,r me to give the Midianites into their hands, lest Israel vaunt themselves against me, saying, Mine own hand hath saved me. 
Now therefore go to, proclaim in the ears of the people, saying, Whosoever is fearful and afraid, let him return and depart early from mount Gilead. And there returned of the people twent
353,eign, that we also might reign with you. 
For I think that God hath set forth us the apostles last, as it were appointed to death: for we are made a spectacle unto the world, and to angels, and to men. 
We are fools for Christ's sake, but ye are wise in Christ; we are weak, but ye are strong; ye are honourable, but we are despised. 
Even unto this pre
356,. 
Therefore I will shake the heavens, and the earth shall remove out of her place, in the wrath of the LORD of hosts, and in the day of his fierce anger. 
And it shall be as the chased roe, and as a sheep that no man taketh up: they shall every man turn to his own people, and flee every one into his own land. 
Every one that is found shall be thrust thr
348, heard thee in a time accepted, and in the day of salvation have I succoured thee: behold, now is the accepted time; behold, now is the day of salvation.) 
Giving no offence in any thing, that the ministry be not blamed: 
But in all things approving ourselves as the ministers of God, in much patience, in afflictions, in necessities, in distresses
328,stilled the people before Moses, and said, Let us go up at once, and possess it; for we are well able to overcome it. 
But the men that went up with him said, We be not able to go up against the people; for they are stronger than we. 
And they brought up an evil report of the land which they had searched unto the children of I
253,done by the apostles. 
And all that believed were together, and had all things common; 
And sold their possessions and goods, and parted them to all men, as every man had need. 
And they, continuing daily with one accord in the temple, and breaking brea
271,horedom. 
And the contrary is in thee from other women in thy whoredoms, whereas none followeth thee to commit whoredoms: and in that thou givest a reward, and no reward is given unto thee, therefore thou art contrary. 
Wherefore, O harlot, hear the word of the LORD: 
Th
246,s be as the noon day: 
And the LORD shall guide thee continually, and satisfy thy soul in drought, and make fat thy bones: and thou shalt be like a watered garden, and like a spring of water, whose waters fail not. 
And they that shall be of thee
246,ast out with our own hands the tackling of the ship. 
And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared, and no small tempest lay on us, all hope that we should be saved was then taken away. 
But after long abstinence Paul stood forth in the m
334,the gates: in the city she uttereth her words, saying, 
How long, ye simple ones, will ye love simplicity? and the scorners delight in their scorning, and fools hate knowledge? 
Turn you at my reproof: behold, I will pour out my spirit unto you, I will make known my words unto you. 
Because I have called, and ye refused; I have stre
246, Palestine? will ye render me a recompence? and if ye recompense me, swiftly and speedily will I return your recompence upon your own head; 
Because ye have taken my silver and my gold, and have carried into your temples my goodly pleasant things
307,dness, that thou mayest be saved. How long shall thy vain thoughts lodge within thee? 
For a voice declareth from Dan, and publisheth affliction from mount Ephraim. 
Make ye mention to the nations; behold, publish against Jerusalem, that watchers come from a far country, and give out their voice against th
315,sh to lift up my face to thee, my God: for our iniquities are increased over our head, and our trespass is grown up unto the heavens. 
Since the days of our fathers have we been in a great trespass unto this day; and for our iniquities have we, our kings, and our priests, been delivered into the hand of the kings 
345, he expounded all things to his disciples. 
And the same day, when the even was come, he saith unto them, Let us pass over unto the other side. 
And when they had sent away the multitude, they took him even as he was in the ship. And there were also with him other little ships. 
And there arose a great storm of wind, and the waves beat into th
298,om Babylon into this place. 
Nevertheless hear thou now this word that I speak in thine ears, and in the ears of all the people; 
The prophets that have been before me and before thee of old prophesied both against many countries, and against great kingdoms, of war, and of evil, and of pestilence.
309, thy servants; come up to us quickly, and save us, and help us: for all the kings of the Amorites that dwell in the mountains are gathered together against us. 
So Joshua ascended from Gilgal, he, and all the people of war with him, and all the mighty men of valour. 
And the LORD said unto Joshua, Fear them 
338,ly Ghost fell on them, as on us at the beginning. 
Then remembered I the word of the Lord, how that he said, John indeed baptized with water; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost. 
Forasmuch then as God gave them the like gift as he did unto us, who believed on the Lord Jesus Christ; what was I, that I could withstand God? 
When
315, unclean and the clean, and between the beast that may be eaten and the beast that may not be eaten. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If a woman have conceived seed, and born a man child: then she shall be unclean seven days; according to the days of the separatio
242,tion with his neighbour's wife; and another hath lewdly defiled his daughter in law; and another in thee hath humbled his sister, his father's daughter. 
In thee have they taken gifts to shed blood; thou hast taken usury and increase, and tho
312,nter into the house of the LORD, because the glory of the LORD had filled the LORD's house. 
And when all the children of Israel saw how the fire came down, and the glory of the LORD upon the house, they bowed themselves with their faces to the ground upon the pavement, and worshipped, and praised the LORD, say
337,cept the LORD build the house, they labour in vain that build it: except the LORD keep the city, the watchman waketh but in vain. 
It is vain for you to rise up early, to sit up late, to eat the bread of sorrows: for so he giveth his beloved sleep. 
Lo, children are an heritage of the LORD: and the fruit of the womb is his reward. 
As 
307,f Melea, which was the son of Menan, which was the son of Mattatha, which was the son of Nathan, which was the son of David, 
Which was the son of Jesse, which was the son of Obed, which was the son of Booz, which was the son of Salmon, which was the son of Naasson, 
Which was the son of Aminadab, which wa
259,thereof: 
And she brought it before Saul, and before his servants; and they did eat. Then they rose up, and went away that night. 
Now the Philistines gathered together all their armies to Aphek: and the Israelites pitched by a fountain which is in Jezreel. 

335,n the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell upon Abram; and, lo, an horror of great darkness fell upon him. 
And he said unto Abram, Know of a surety that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not their's, and shall serve them; and they shall afflict them four hundred years; 
And also that nation, whom they shall serve, will
310, 
And Joab said unto him, Thou shalt not bear tidings this day, but thou shalt bear tidings another day: but this day thou shalt bear no tidings, because the king's son is dead. 
Then said Joab to Cushi, Go tell the king what thou hast seen. And Cushi bowed himself unto Joab, and ran. 
Then said Ahimaaz the s
255,pray thee, in Egypt: 
But I will lie with my fathers, and thou shalt carry me out of Egypt, and bury me in their buryingplace. And he said, I will do as thou hast said. 
And he said, Swear unto me. And he sware unto him. And Israel bowed himself upon the 
289,, and stewards of the mysteries of God. 
Moreover it is required in stewards, that a man be found faithful. 
But with me it is a very small thing that I should be judged of you, or of man's judgment: yea, I judge not mine own self. 
For I know nothing by myself; yet am I not hereby justif
333, LORD of the whole earth. 
Then I turned, and lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and behold a flying roll. 
And he said unto me, What seest thou? And I answered, I see a flying roll; the length thereof is twenty cubits, and the breadth thereof ten cubits. 
Then said he unto me, This is the curse that goeth forth over the face of the 
280,days of Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety and five years: and he died. 
And Jared lived an hundred sixty and two years, and he begat Enoch: 
And Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years, and begat sons and daughters: 
And all the days of Jared were nine hundred six
262,with the froward thou wilt shew thyself froward. 
For thou wilt save the afflicted people; but wilt bring down high looks. 
For thou wilt light my candle: the LORD my God will enlighten my darkness. 
For by thee I have run through a troop; and by my God have I l
285,and into the hand of them that seek his life; as I gave Zedekiah king of Judah into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, his enemy, and that sought his life. 
The word that Jeremiah the prophet spake unto Baruch the son of Neriah, when he had written these words in a book at th
288,Father said unto me, so I speak. 
Now before the feast of the passover, when Jesus knew that his hour was come that he should depart out of this world unto the Father, having loved his own which were in the world, he loved them unto the end. 
And supper being ended, the devil having now 
334,of the land of Egypt. 
And it shall be, when ye are come nigh unto the battle, that the priest shall approach and speak unto the people, 
And shall say unto them, Hear, O Israel, ye approach this day unto battle against your enemies: let not your hearts faint, fear not, and do not tremble, neither be ye terrified because of them; 
F
297,d said unto him, Arise and eat. 
And he looked, and, behold, there was a cake baken on the coals, and a cruse of water at his head. And he did eat and drink, and laid him down again. 
And the angel of the LORD came again the second time, and touched him, and said, Arise and eat; because the journ
247, his nest on high, that he may be delivered from the power of evil! 
Thou hast consulted shame to thy house by cutting off many people, and hast sinned against thy soul. 
For the stone shall cry out of the wall, and the beam out of the timber shal
278,d his host hath he cast into the sea: his chosen captains also are drowned in the Red sea. 
The depths have covered them: they sank into the bottom as a stone. 
Thy right hand, O LORD, is become glorious in power: thy right hand, O LORD, hath dashed in pieces the enemy. 
And in
275, up to Bethaven, nor swear, The LORD liveth. 
For Israel slideth back as a backsliding heifer: now the LORD will feed them as a lamb in a large place. 
Ephraim is joined to idols: let him alone. 
Their drink is sour: they have committed whoredom continually: her rulers with 
324,ad shall be brass, and the earth that is under thee shall be iron. 
The LORD shall make the rain of thy land powder and dust: from heaven shall it come down upon thee, until thou be destroyed. 
The LORD shall cause thee to be smitten before thine enemies: thou shalt go out one way against them, and flee seven ways before t
328, I will judge you, O house of Israel, every one according to his ways, saith the Lord GOD. Repent, and turn yourselves from all your transgressions; so iniquity shall not be your ruin. 
Cast away from you all your transgressions, whereby ye have transgressed; and make you a new heart and a new spirit: for why will ye die, O ho
260,d sinneth, being condemned of himself. 
When I shall send Artemas unto thee, or Tychicus, be diligent to come unto me to Nicopolis: for I have determined there to winter. 
Bring Zenas the lawyer and Apollos on their journey diligently, that nothing be wanting 
276,y king: where is any other that may save thee in all thy cities? and thy judges of whom thou saidst, Give me a king and princes? 
I gave thee a king in mine anger, and took him away in my wrath. 
The iniquity of Ephraim is bound up; his sin is hid. 
The sorrows of a travailin
294, 
Or if he ask a fish, will he give him a serpent? 
If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask him? 
Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even 
299,en years of famine, which shall be in the land of Egypt; that the land perish not through the famine. 
And the thing was good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of all his servants. 
And Pharaoh said unto his servants, Can we find such a one as this is, a man in whom the Spirit of God is? 
And
269, run to and fro to seek the word of the LORD, and shall not find it. 
In that day shall the fair virgins and young men faint for thirst. 
They that swear by the sin of Samaria, and say, Thy god, O Dan, liveth; and, The manner of Beersheba liveth; even they shall fall, 
316, are with thee, thou hast appointed his bounds that he cannot pass; 
Turn from him, that he may rest, till he shall accomplish, as an hireling, his day. 
For there is hope of a tree, if it be cut down, that it will sprout again, and that the tender branch thereof will not cease. 
Though the root thereof wax old in 
257,aoh's servants. 
And Joseph made it a law over the land of Egypt unto this day, that Pharaoh should have the fifth part, except the land of the priests only, which became not Pharaoh's. 
And Israel dwelt in the land of Egypt, in the country of Goshen; and t
324,l were Jonathan, and Ishui, and Melchishua: and the names of his two daughters were these; the name of the firstborn Merab, and the name of the younger Michal: 
And the name of Saul's wife was Ahinoam, the daughter of Ahimaaz: and the name of the captain of his host was Abner, the son of Ner, Saul's uncle. 
And Kish was th
293,nd I heard the voice of many angels round about the throne and the beasts and the elders: and the number of them was ten thousand times ten thousand, and thousands of thousands; 
Saying with a loud voice, Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power, and riches, and wisdom, and strength
249,this was the word of the LORD. 
And I bought the field of Hanameel my uncle's son, that was in Anathoth, and weighed him the money, even seventeen shekels of silver. 
And I subscribed the evidence, and sealed it, and took witnesses, and weighed him 
335,he sons of Levi, which come near to the LORD to minister unto him. 
So he measured the court, an hundred cubits long, and an hundred cubits broad, foursquare; and the altar that was before the house. 
And he brought me to the porch of the house, and measured each post of the porch, five cubits on this side, and five cubits on that si
300,how it befell to him that was possessed with the devil, and also concerning the swine. 
And they began to pray him to depart out of their coasts. 
And when he was come into the ship, he that had been possessed with the devil prayed him that he might be with him. 
Howbeit Jesus suffered him not, but 
302,e. 
Then said Zedekiah unto Jeremiah, Let no man know of these words, and thou shalt not die. 
But if the princes hear that I have talked with thee, and they come unto thee, and say unto thee, Declare unto us now what thou hast said unto the king, hide it not from us, and we will not put thee to death
267,and water to wash his feet, and the men's feet that were with him. 
And there was set meat before him to eat: but he said, I will not eat, until I have told mine errand. And he said, Speak on. 
And he said, I am Abraham's servant. 
And the LORD hath blessed my master
330,ak unto the king; for he will not withhold me from thee. 
Howbeit he would not hearken unto her voice: but, being stronger than she, forced her, and lay with her. 
Then Amnon hated her exceedingly; so that the hatred wherewith he hated her was greater than the love wherewith he had loved her. And Amnon said unto her, Arise, be g
354,hall we say after this? for we have forsaken thy commandments, 
Which thou hast commanded by thy servants the prophets, saying, The land, unto which ye go to possess it, is an unclean land with the filthiness of the people of the lands, with their abominations, which have filled it from one end to another with their uncleanness. 
Now therefore give not
302,ess. 
Also day by day, from the first day unto the last day, he read in the book of the law of God. And they kept the feast seven days; and on the eighth day was a solemn assembly, according unto the manner. 
Now in the twenty and fourth day of this month the children of Israel were assembled with fas
296, 
Behold, he shall come up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan against the habitation of the strong: but I will suddenly make him run away from her: and who is a chosen man, that I may appoint over her? for who is like me? and who will appoint me the time? and who is that shepherd that will 
264,o the swift, nor the battle to the strong, neither yet bread to the wise, nor yet riches to men of understanding, nor yet favour to men of skill; but time and chance happeneth to them all. 
For man also knoweth not his time: as the fishes that are taken in an evil
354, the holy place. 
But the earthen vessel wherein it is sodden shall be broken: and if it be sodden in a brasen pot, it shall be both scoured, and rinsed in water. 
All the males among the priests shall eat thereof: it is most holy. 
And no sin offering, whereof any of the blood is brought into the tabernacle of the congregation to reconcile withal in t
243,eth not, is like the beasts that perish. 
The mighty God, even the LORD, hath spoken, and called the earth from the rising of the sun unto the going down thereof. 
Out of Zion, the perfection of beauty, God hath shined. 
Our God shall come, an
286,third time, Lovest thou me? And he said unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith unto him, Feed my sheep. 
Verily, verily, I say unto thee, When thou wast young, thou girdest thyself, and walkedst whither thou wouldest: but when thou shalt be 
309,Then hear thou from the heavens, even from thy dwelling place, and do according to all that the stranger calleth to thee for; that all people of the earth may know thy name, and fear thee, as doth thy people Israel, and may know that this house which I have built is called by thy name. 
If thy people go out 
266,cquaintance. 
And when they found him not, they turned back again to Jerusalem, seeking him. 
And it came to pass, that after three days they found him in the temple, sitting in the midst of the doctors, both hearing them, and asking them questions. 
And all that he
338,t works is dead also. 
My brethren, be not many masters, knowing that we shall receive the greater condemnation. 
For in many things we offend all. If any man offend not in word, the same is a perfect man, and able also to bridle the whole body. 
Behold, we put bits in the horses' mouths, that they may obey us; and we turn about their w
294, shall accomplish, as an hireling, his day. 
For there is hope of a tree, if it be cut down, that it will sprout again, and that the tender branch thereof will not cease. 
Though the root thereof wax old in the earth, and the stock thereof die in the ground; 
Yet through the scent of water it 
354,nd come after me, cannot be my disciple. 
For which of you, intending to build a tower, sitteth not down first, and counteth the cost, whether he have sufficient to finish it? 
Lest haply, after he hath laid the foundation, and is not able to finish it, all that behold it begin to mock him, 
Saying, This man began to build, and was not able to finish. 
355,and gave him to drink, saying, Let alone; let us see whether Elias will come to take him down. 
And Jesus cried with a loud voice, and gave up the ghost. 
And the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to the bottom. 
And when the centurion, which stood over against him, saw that he so cried out, and gave up the ghost, he said, Truly this man
360,nt keepeth his own soul; but he that despiseth his ways shall die. 
He that hath pity upon the poor lendeth unto the LORD; and that which he hath given will he pay him again. 
Chasten thy son while there is hope, and let not thy soul spare for his crying. 
A man of great wrath shall suffer punishment: for if thou deliver him, yet thou must do it again. 
Hear
261,ome to slay thee; yea, in the night will they come to slay thee. 
And I said, Should such a man as I flee? and who is there, that, being as I am, would go into the temple to save his life? I will not go in. 
And, lo, I perceived that God had not sent him; but t
286,y of which the LORD said unto thee, Behold, I will deliver thine enemy into thine hand, that thou mayest do to him as it shall seem good unto thee. Then David arose, and cut off the skirt of Saul's robe privily. 
And it came to pass afterward, that David's heart smote him, because he h
260, the wilderness in former time desolate and waste. 
Who cut up mallows by the bushes, and juniper roots for their meat. 
They were driven forth from among men, (they cried after them as after a thief;) 
To dwell in the cliffs of the valleys, in caves of the ea
314,ur God? 
The seed is rotten under their clods, the garners are laid desolate, the barns are broken down; for the corn is withered. 
How do the beasts groan! the herds of cattle are perplexed, because they have no pasture; yea, the flocks of sheep are made desolate. 
O LORD, to thee will I cry: for the fire hath d
284,ity, so that there was no bread for the people of the land. 
Then the city was broken up, and all the men of war fled, and went forth out of the city by night by the way of the gate between the two walls, which was by the king's garden; (now the Chaldeans were by the city round about
341,ns of war: but one sinner destroyeth much good. 
Dead flies cause the ointment of the apothecary to send forth a stinking savour: so doth a little folly him that is in reputation for wisdom and honour. 
A wise man's heart is at his right hand; but a fool's heart at his left. 
Yea also, when he that is a fool walketh by the way, his wisdom 
243,hrone? why then doth Adonijah reign? 
Behold, while thou yet talkest there with the king, I also will come in after thee, and confirm thy words. 
And Bathsheba went in unto the king into the chamber: and the king was very old; and Abishag the 
347,olds, and be gone: 
And bring your youngest brother unto me: then shall I know that ye are no spies, but that ye are true men: so will I deliver you your brother, and ye shall traffick in the land. 
And it came to pass as they emptied their sacks, that, behold, every man's bundle of money was in his sack: and when both they and their father saw 
305,e were come into Macedonia, our flesh had no rest, but we were troubled on every side; without were fightings, within were fears. 
Nevertheless God, that comforteth those that are cast down, comforted us by the coming of Titus; 
And not by his coming only, but by the consolation wherewith he was comforte
330, secret things: he knoweth what is in the darkness, and the light dwelleth with him. 
I thank thee, and praise thee, O thou God of my fathers, who hast given me wisdom and might, and hast made known unto me now what we desired of thee: for thou hast now made known unto us the king's matter. 
Therefore Daniel went in unto Arioch,
360,. 
Seest thou a man that is hasty in his words? there is more hope of a fool than of him. 
He that delicately bringeth up his servant from a child shall have him become his son at the length. 
An angry man stirreth up strife, and a furious man aboundeth in transgression. 
A man's pride shall bring him low: but honour shall uphold the humble in spirit. 
Whoso
308,ins. 
Let them give glory unto the LORD, and declare his praise in the islands. 
The LORD shall go forth as a mighty man, he shall stir up jealousy like a man of war: he shall cry, yea, roar; he shall prevail against his enemies. 
I have long time holden my peace; I have been still, and refrained myself: no
290,y swearing, and lying, and killing, and stealing, and committing adultery, they break out, and blood toucheth blood. 
Therefore shall the land mourn, and every one that dwelleth therein shall languish, with the beasts of the field, and with the fowls of heaven; yea, the fishes of the sea a
348,rist, and brother of James, to them that are sanctified by God the Father, and preserved in Jesus Christ, and called: 
Mercy unto you, and peace, and love, be multiplied. 
Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you, and exhort you that ye should earnestly contend for the f
298, beast of the field; upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life: 
And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel. 
Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy 
337,ith you there shall be a man of every tribe; every one head of the house of his fathers. 
And these are the names of the men that shall stand with you: of the tribe of Reuben; Elizur the son of Shedeur. 
Of Simeon; Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai. 
Of Judah; Nahshon the son of Amminadab. 
Of Issachar; Nethaneel the son of Zuar. 
Of Ze
257,, and his sons with him; and shalt anoint them, and consecrate them, and sanctify them, that they may minister unto me in the priest's office. 
And thou shalt make them linen breeches to cover their nakedness; from the loins even unto the thighs they shall 
275, Shelemiah and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest to the prophet Jeremiah, saying, Pray now unto the LORD our God for us. 
Now Jeremiah came in and went out among the people: for they had not put him into prison. 
Then Pharaoh's army was come forth out of Egypt: and wh
281,ot of himself: but being high priest that year, he prophesied that Jesus should die for that nation; 
And not for that nation only, but that also he should gather together in one the children of God that were scattered abroad. 
Then from that day forth they took counsel together f
263,ne hand? 
And it came to pass, as he talked with him, that the king said unto him, Art thou made of the king's counsel? forbear; why shouldest thou be smitten? Then the prophet forbare, and said, I know that God hath determined to destroy thee, because thou hast 
268,spoil. 
Now it came to pass, after that Amaziah was come from the slaughter of the Edomites, that he brought the gods of the children of Seir, and set them up to be his gods, and bowed down himself before them, and burned incense unto them. 
Wherefore the anger of the
243,igned one year in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Athaliah the daughter of Omri. 
He also walked in the ways of the house of Ahab: for his mother was his counsellor to do wickedly. 
Wherefore he did evil in the sight of the LORD like the
288, every one of you do shew the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end: 
That ye be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises. 
For when God made promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he sware by himself, 
352,sh of lightning. 
Now as I beheld the living creatures, behold one wheel upon the earth by the living creatures, with his four faces. 
The appearance of the wheels and their work was like unto the colour of a beryl: and they four had one likeness: and their appearance and their work was as it were a wheel in the middle of a wheel. 
When they went, th
316,e the blind, and we grope as if we had no eyes: we stumble at noon day as in the night; we are in desolate places as dead men. 
We roar all like bears, and mourn sore like doves: we look for judgment, but there is none; for salvation, but it is far off from us. 
For our transgressions are multiplied before thee, an
264,ey said, Of Haran are we. 
And he said unto them, Know ye Laban the son of Nahor? And they said, We know him. 
And he said unto them, Is he well? And they said, He is well: and, behold, Rachel his daughter cometh with the sheep. 
And he said, Lo, it is yet high da
330, children of Senaah, three thousand nine hundred and thirty. 
The priests: the children of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred seventy and three. 
The children of Immer, a thousand fifty and two. 
The children of Pashur, a thousand two hundred forty and seven. 
The children of Harim, a thousand and seventeen. 
The Levi
340,ever in bondage to any man: how sayest thou, Ye shall be made free? 
Jesus answered them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin. 
And the servant abideth not in the house for ever: but the Son abideth ever. 
If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed. 
I know that ye are Abra
336,, not in Israel. 
And I say unto you, That many shall come from the east and west, and shall sit down with Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, in the kingdom of heaven. 
But the children of the kingdom shall be cast out into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth. 
And Jesus said unto the centurion, Go thy way; and as
336,shall know that I am the LORD, when I have gotten me honour upon Pharaoh, upon his chariots, and upon his horsemen. 
And the angel of God, which went before the camp of Israel, removed and went behind them; and the pillar of the cloud went from before their face, and stood behind them: 
And it came between the camp of the Egyptians an
345, a soul touch any unclean thing, whether it be a carcase of an unclean beast, or a carcase of unclean cattle, or the carcase of unclean creeping things, and if it be hidden from him; he also shall be unclean, and guilty. 
Or if he touch the uncleanness of man, whatsoever uncleanness it be that a man shall be defiled withal, and it be hid from 
294,over he will bring upon thee all the diseases of Egypt, which thou wast afraid of; and they shall cleave unto thee. 
Also every sickness, and every plague, which is not written in the book of this law, them will the LORD bring upon thee, until thou be destroyed. 
And ye shall be left few in nu
245, the truth; 
And that they may recover themselves out of the snare of the devil, who are taken captive by him at his will. 
This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come. 
For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, 
309,nowest thou the time when they bring forth? 
They bow themselves, they bring forth their young ones, they cast out their sorrows. 
Their young ones are in good liking, they grow up with corn; they go forth, and return not unto them. 
Who hath sent out the wild ass free? or who hath loosed the bands of the wi
350,nd consent not to wholesome words, even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to the doctrine which is according to godliness; 
He is proud, knowing nothing, but doting about questions and strifes of words, whereof cometh envy, strife, railings, evil surmisings, 
Perverse disputings of men of corrupt minds, and destitute of the truth, supposing t
283,re in my blood, when I go down to the pit? Shall the dust praise thee? shall it declare thy truth? 
Hear, O LORD, and have mercy upon me: LORD, be thou my helper. 
Thou hast turned for me my mourning into dancing: thou hast put off my sackcloth, and girded me with gladness; 
To the 
245,h standeth before thee, he shall go in thither: encourage him: for he shall cause Israel to inherit it. 
Moreover your little ones, which ye said should be a prey, and your children, which in that day had no knowledge between good and evil, they
351, their thoughts, and said to the man which had the withered hand, Rise up, and stand forth in the midst. And he arose and stood forth. 
Then said Jesus unto them, I will ask you one thing; Is it lawful on the sabbath days to do good, or to do evil? to save life, or to destroy it? 
And looking round about upon them all, he said unto the man, Stretch 
306,e sword, from the famine, and from the pestilence; that they may declare all their abominations among the heathen whither they come; and they shall know that I am the LORD. 
Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying, 
Son of man, eat thy bread with quaking, and drink thy water with trembling and wi
316,er need have we of witnesses? behold, now ye have heard his blasphemy. 
What think ye? They answered and said, He is guilty of death. 
Then did they spit in his face, and buffeted him; and others smote him with the palms of their hands, 
Saying, Prophesy unto us, thou Christ, Who is he that smote thee? 
Now Peter s
243,tance unto the nine tribes, and the half tribe of Manasseh, 
With whom the Reubenites and the Gadites have received their inheritance, which Moses gave them, beyond Jordan eastward, even as Moses the servant of the LORD gave them; 
From Aroer,
309,strengthen them in the LORD; and they shall walk up and down in his name, saith the LORD. 
Open thy doors, O Lebanon, that the fire may devour thy cedars. 
Howl, fir tree; for the cedar is fallen; because the mighty are spoiled: howl, O ye oaks of Bashan; for the forest of the vintage is come down. 
There is
254, doth drive them out from before thee. 
Not for thy righteousness, or for the uprightness of thine heart, dost thou go to possess their land: but for the wickedness of these nations the LORD thy God doth drive them out from before thee, and that he may p
354,ook Zered. And we went over the brook Zered. 
And the space in which we came from Kadeshbarnea, until we were come over the brook Zered, was thirty and eight years; until all the generation of the men of war were wasted out from among the host, as the LORD sware unto them. 
For indeed the hand of the LORD was against them, to destroy them from among th
256,g; and there shall be no might in thine hand. 
The fruit of thy land, and all thy labours, shall a nation which thou knowest not eat up; and thou shalt be only oppressed and crushed alway: 
So that thou shalt be mad for the sight of thine eyes which thou s
355,f the sin offering, and slay it for a sin offering in the place where they kill the burnt offering. 
And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out all the blood thereof at the bottom of the altar: 
And he shall take away all the fat thereof, as the
342,
Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gold, or the temple that sanctifieth the gold? 
And, Whosoever shall swear by the altar, it is nothing; but whosoever sweareth by the gift that is upon it, he is guilty. 
Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gift, or the altar that sanctifieth the gift? 
Whoso therefore shall swear
304,trouble it. 
But all the silver, and gold, and vessels of brass and iron, are consecrated unto the LORD: they shall come into the treasury of the LORD. 
So the people shouted when the priests blew with the trumpets: and it came to pass, when the people heard the sound of the trumpet, and the people shou
289, answered unto the people, Ye men of Israel, why marvel ye at this? or why look ye so earnestly on us, as though by our own power or holiness we had made this man to walk? 
The God of Abraham, and of Isaac, and of Jacob, the God of our fathers, hath glorified his Son Jesus; whom ye delive
305,ves in the land whither they were carried captives, and repent, and make supplication unto thee in the land of them that carried them captives, saying, We have sinned, and have done perversely, we have committed wickedness; 
And so return unto thee with all their heart, and with all their soul, in the la
255,ok to. And the LORD said, Arise, anoint him: for this is he. 
Then Samuel took the horn of oil, and anointed him in the midst of his brethren: and the Spirit of the LORD came upon David from that day forward. So Samuel rose up, and went to Ramah. 
But the
326,urches of Macedonia; 
How that in a great trial of affliction the abundance of their joy and their deep poverty abounded unto the riches of their liberality. 
For to their power, I bear record, yea, and beyond their power they were willing of themselves; 
Praying us with much intreaty that we would receive the gift, and take
304,elves with sackcloth, and horror shall cover them; and shame shall be upon all faces, and baldness upon all their heads. 
They shall cast their silver in the streets, and their gold shall be removed: their silver and their gold shall not be able to deliver them in the day of the wrath of the LORD: they 
345,Ulai. 
Then I lifted up mine eyes, and saw, and, behold, there stood before the river a ram which had two horns: and the two horns were high; but one was higher than the other, and the higher came up last. 
I saw the ram pushing westward, and northward, and southward; so that no beasts might stand before him, neither was there any that could d
328,f ye throughly execute judgment between a man and his neighbour; 
If ye oppress not the stranger, the fatherless, and the widow, and shed not innocent blood in this place, neither walk after other gods to your hurt: 
Then will I cause you to dwell in this place, in the land that I gave to your fathers, for ever and ever. 
Beho
333,g he ever liveth to make intercession for them. 
For such an high priest became us, who is holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from sinners, and made higher than the heavens; 
Who needeth not daily, as those high priests, to offer up sacrifice, first for his own sins, and then for the people's: for this he did once, when he offered
342,fore the LORD, to make an atonement for your souls. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Thou shalt also make a laver of brass, and his foot also of brass, to wash withal: and thou shalt put it between the tabernacle of the congregation and the altar, and thou shalt put water therein. 
For Aaron and his sons shall wash their hands and t
336,saith unto him, Out of thine own mouth will I judge thee, thou wicked servant. Thou knewest that I was an austere man, taking up that I laid not down, and reaping that I did not sow: 
Wherefore then gavest not thou my money into the bank, that at my coming I might have required mine own with usury? 
And he said unto them that stood by
241,of the holy portion; and the increase thereof shall be for food unto them that serve the city. 
And they that serve the city shall serve it out of all the tribes of Israel. 
All the oblation shall be five and twenty thousand by five and twen
286,hom I have taken from the ends of the earth, and called thee from the chief men thereof, and said unto thee, Thou art my servant; I have chosen thee, and not cast thee away. 
Fear thou not; for I am with thee: be not dismayed; for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee; yea, I will help 
359,not seen him, neither known him. 
Little children, let no man deceive you: he that doeth righteousness is righteous, even as he is righteous. 
He that committeth sin is of the devil; for the devil sinneth from the beginning. For this purpose the Son of God was manifested, that he might destroy the works of the devil. 
Whosoever is born of God doth not commi
319,r our conversation is in heaven; from whence also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ: 
Who shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body, according to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself. 
Therefore, my brethren dearly beloved and longed 
240,hosoever would, he consecrated him, and he became one of the priests of the high places. 
And this thing became sin unto the house of Jeroboam, even to cut it off, and to destroy it from off the face of the earth. 
At that time Abijah the s
268,em, that she may glean them, and rebuke her not. 
So she gleaned in the field until even, and beat out that she had gleaned: and it was about an ephah of barley. 
And she took it up, and went into the city: and her mother in law saw what she had gleaned: and she broug
306,with a great army. And he stood by the conduit of the upper pool in the highway of the fuller's field. 
Then came forth unto him Eliakim, Hilkiah's son, which was over the house, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah, Asaph's son, the recorder. 
And Rabshakeh said unto them, Say ye now to Hezekiah, Thus saith t
358,d, why do they on the sabbath day that which is not lawful? 
And he said unto them, Have ye never read what David did, when he had need, and was an hungred, he, and they that were with him? 
How he went into the house of God in the days of Abiathar the high priest, and did eat the shewbread, which is not lawful to eat but for the priests, and gave also to 
351, the ark of testimony, from between the two cherubims: and he spake unto him. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto Aaron and say unto him, When thou lightest the lamps, the seven lamps shall give light over against the candlestick. 
And Aaron did so; he lighted the lamps thereof over against the candlestick, as the LORD commanded Mose
341,ervants this day, and for the land that thou gavest unto our fathers to eat the fruit thereof and the good thereof, behold, we are servants in it: 
And it yieldeth much increase unto the kings whom thou hast set over us because of our sins: also they have dominion over our bodies, and over our cattle, at their pleasure, and we are in great
341,im; but no man laid hands on him. 
Then came the officers to the chief priests and Pharisees; and they said unto them, Why have ye not brought him? 
The officers answered, Never man spake like this man. 
Then answered them the Pharisees, Are ye also deceived? 
Have any of the rulers or of the Pharisees believed on him? 
But this people who
245,the name of Jesus. 
But Peter and John answered and said unto them, Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye. 
For we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard. 
So when they had fur
296,not give me any thing: if thou wilt do this thing for me, I will again feed and keep thy flock. 
I will pass through all thy flock to day, removing from thence all the speckled and spotted cattle, and all the brown cattle among the sheep, and the spotted and speckled among the goats: and of such
341, and these cattle are my cattle, and all that thou seest is mine: and what can I do this day unto these my daughters, or unto their children which they have born? 
Now therefore come thou, let us make a covenant, I and thou; and let it be for a witness between me and thee. 
And Jacob took a stone, and set it up for a pillar. 
And Jacob sai
321,h near the time of her delivery, is in pain, and crieth out in her pangs; so have we been in thy sight, O LORD. 
We have been with child, we have been in pain, we have as it were brought forth wind; we have not wrought any deliverance in the earth; neither have the inhabitants of the world fallen. 
Thy dead men shall li
304,land to fail, 
Saying, When will the new moon be gone, that we may sell corn? and the sabbath, that we may set forth wheat, making the ephah small, and the shekel great, and falsifying the balances by deceit? 
That we may buy the poor for silver, and the needy for a pair of shoes; yea, and sell the refu
346,ving fountains of waters: and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes. 
And when he had opened the seventh seal, there was silence in heaven about the space of half an hour. 
And I saw the seven angels which stood before God; and to them were given seven trumpets. 
And another angel came and stood at the altar, having a golden censer; and
280,he more abundantly I love you, the less I be loved. 
But be it so, I did not burden you: nevertheless, being crafty, I caught you with guile. 
Did I make a gain of you by any of them whom I sent unto you? 
I desired Titus, and with him I sent a brother. Did Titus make a gain of y
332,e earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, 
Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is come: and worship him that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters. 
And there followed another angel, saying, Babylon is fallen, is fallen, that gr
265, the time of trouble he shall hide me in his pavilion: in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me; he shall set me up upon a rock. 
And now shall mine head be lifted up above mine enemies round about me: therefore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of 
292,he altar of the house of your God which is in Jerusalem. 
And whatsoever shall seem good to thee, and to thy brethren, to do with the rest of the silver and the gold, that do after the will of your God. 
The vessels also that are given thee for the service of the house of thy God, those deli
291, to the hold. 
The Philistines also came and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim. 
And David enquired of the LORD, saying, Shall I go up to the Philistines? wilt thou deliver them into mine hand? And the LORD said unto David, Go up: for I will doubtless deliver the Philistines into t
297,ey gather daily. 
And Moses and Aaron said unto all the children of Israel, At even, then ye shall know that the LORD hath brought you out from the land of Egypt: 
And in the morning, then ye shall see the glory of the LORD; for that he heareth your murmurings against the LORD: and what are we, t
349, silver and their gold with them, unto the name of the LORD thy God, and to the Holy One of Israel, because he hath glorified thee. 
And the sons of strangers shall build up thy walls, and their kings shall minister unto thee: for in my wrath I smote thee, but in my favour have I had mercy on thee. 
Therefore thy gates shall be open continually; t
282,all say unto them, Hear, O Israel, ye approach this day unto battle against your enemies: let not your hearts faint, fear not, and do not tremble, neither be ye terrified because of them; 
For the LORD your God is he that goeth with you, to fight for you against your enemies, to sa
252,RD, neither understand they his counsel: for he shall gather them as the sheaves into the floor. 
Arise and thresh, O daughter of Zion: for I will make thine horn iron, and I will make thy hoofs brass: and thou shalt beat in pieces many people: and I w
325,ilk enough for thy food, for the food of thy household, and for the maintenance for thy maidens. 
The wicked flee when no man pursueth: but the righteous are bold as a lion. 
For the transgression of a land many are the princes thereof: but by a man of understanding and knowledge the state thereof shall be prolonged. 
A poo
271,the pleasant places of the wilderness are dried up, and their course is evil, and their force is not right. 
For both prophet and priest are profane; yea, in my house have I found their wickedness, saith the LORD. 
Wherefore their way shall be unto them as slippery ways 
296,of him? shall they part him among the merchants? 
Canst thou fill his skin with barbed irons? or his head with fish spears? 
Lay thine hand upon him, remember the battle, do no more. 
Behold, the hope of him is in vain: shall not one be cast down even at the sight of him? 
None is so fierce that
360,aid morever unto Pharaoh, For to sojourn in the land are we come; for thy servants have no pasture for their flocks; for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan: now therefore, we pray thee, let thy servants dwell in the land of Goshen. 
And Pharaoh spake unto Joseph, saying, Thy father and thy brethren are come unto thee: 
The land of Egypt is before thee;
359,s, which cannot profit nor deliver; for they are vain. 
For the LORD will not forsake his people for his great name's sake: because it hath pleased the LORD to make you his people. 
Moreover as for me, God forbid that I should sin against the LORD in ceasing to pray for you: but I will teach you the good and the right way: 
Only fear the LORD, and serve him
280,r work shall be diminished. 
So the people were scattered abroad throughout all the land of Egypt to gather stubble instead of straw. 
And the taskmasters hasted them, saying, Fulfil your works, your daily tasks, as when there was straw. 
And the officers of the children of Israe
354,ounce him clean, and shall let the living bird loose into the open field. 
And he that is to be cleansed shall wash his clothes, and shave off all his hair, and wash himself in water, that he may be clean: and after that he shall come into the camp, and shall tarry abroad out of his tent seven days. 
But it shall be on the seventh day, that he shall sh
359, mercy, and find grace to help in time of need. 
For every high priest taken from among men is ordained for men in things pertaining to God, that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices for sins: 
Who can have compassion on the ignorant, and on them that are out of the way; for that he himself also is compassed with infirmity. 
And by reason hereof he ought,
351,LORD liveth: lie down until the morning. 
And she lay at his feet until the morning: and she rose up before one could know another. And he said, Let it not be known that a woman came into the floor. 
Also he said, Bring the vail that thou hast upon thee, and hold it. And when she held it, he measured six measures of barley, and laid it on her: and s
297,eard in quiet more than the cry of him that ruleth among fools. 
Wisdom is better than weapons of war: but one sinner destroyeth much good. 
Dead flies cause the ointment of the apothecary to send forth a stinking savour: so doth a little folly him that is in reputation for wisdom and honour. 
A 
348,ster, my spouse! how much better is thy love than wine! and the smell of thine ointments than all spices! 
Thy lips, O my spouse, drop as the honeycomb: honey and milk are under thy tongue; and the smell of thy garments is like the smell of Lebanon. 
A garden inclosed is my sister, my spouse; a spring shut up, a fountain sealed. 
Thy plants are a
342,red him; Joseph is without doubt rent in pieces. 
And Jacob rent his clothes, and put sackcloth upon his loins, and mourned for his son many days. 
And all his sons and all his daughters rose up to comfort him; but he refused to be comforted; and he said, For I will go down into the grave unto my son mourning. Thus his father wept for him. 
307,word contemn even the rod? it shall be no more, saith the Lord GOD. 
Thou therefore, son of man, prophesy, and smite thine hands together. and let the sword be doubled the third time, the sword of the slain: it is the sword of the great men that are slain, which entereth into their privy chambers. 
I have 
241,s are sharp, and all their bows bent, their horses' hoofs shall be counted like flint, and their wheels like a whirlwind: 
Their roaring shall be like a lion, they shall roar like young lions: yea, they shall roar, and lay hold of the prey, 
299,e chariots that were with him, saying, Fight ye not with small or great, save only with the king of Israel. 
And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, It is the king of Israel. Therefore they compassed about him to fight: but Jehoshaphat cried out, and 
312,that touched one another, and the noise of the wheels over against them, and a noise of a great rushing. 
So the spirit lifted me up, and took me away, and I went in bitterness, in the heat of my spirit; but the hand of the LORD was strong upon me. 
Then I came to them of the captivity at Telabib, that dwelt by
332,y glorying void. 
For though I preach the gospel, I have nothing to glory of: for necessity is laid upon me; yea, woe is unto me, if I preach not the gospel! 
For if I do this thing willingly, I have a reward: but if against my will, a dispensation of the gospel is committed unto me. 
What is my reward then? Verily that, when I pr
256,way as waters which run continually: when he bendeth his bow to shoot his arrows, let them be as cut in pieces. 
As a snail which melteth, let every one of them pass away: like the untimely birth of a woman, that they may not see the sun. 
Before your pots
266,se sight I made myself known unto them, in bringing them forth out of the land of Egypt. 
Wherefore I caused them to go forth out of the land of Egypt, and brought them into the wilderness. 
And I gave them my statutes, and shewed them my judgments, which if a man d
316,ssah, and pitched in Kehelathah. 
And they went from Kehelathah, and pitched in mount Shapher. 
And they removed from mount Shapher, and encamped in Haradah. 
And they removed from Haradah, and pitched in Makheloth. 
And they removed from Makheloth, and encamped at Tahath. 
And they departed from Tahath, and pitche
349, fall thereby in the day that he turneth from his wickedness; neither shall the righteous be able to live for his righteousness in the day that he sinneth. 
When I shall say to the righteous, that he shall surely live; if he trust to his own righteousness, and commit iniquity, all his righteousnesses shall not be remembered; but for his iniquity t
279,ves; 
Praying us with much intreaty that we would receive the gift, and take upon us the fellowship of the ministering to the saints. 
And this they did, not as we hoped, but first gave their own selves to the Lord, and unto us by the will of God. 
Insomuch that we desired Titus
347,ll things it behoved him to be made like unto his brethren, that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to God, to make reconciliation for the sins of the people. 
For in that he himself hath suffered being tempted, he is able to succour them that are tempted. 
Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of the heavenly cal
339,he house of the LORD, in the chamber of Gemariah the son of Shaphan the scribe, in the higher court, at the entry of the new gate of the LORD's house, in the ears of all the people. 
When Michaiah the son of Gemariah, the son of Shaphan, had heard out of the book all the words of the LORD, 
Then he went down into the king's house, into t
242,use they ministered unto them before their idols, and caused the house of Israel to fall into iniquity; therefore have I lifted up mine hand against them, saith the Lord GOD, and they shall bear their iniquity. 
And they shall not come near u
321, unto all the Israelites that came thither. 
Also before they burnt the fat, the priest's servant came, and said to the man that sacrificed, Give flesh to roast for the priest; for he will not have sodden flesh of thee, but raw. 
And if any man said unto him, Let them not fail to burn the fat presently, and then take as
294,children of Ammon, Moab, and mount Seir, which were come against Judah; and they were smitten. 
For the children of Ammon and Moab stood up against the inhabitants of mount Seir, utterly to slay and destroy them: and when they had made an end of the inhabitants of Seir, every one helped to des
335, God, which is new Jerusalem, which cometh down out of heaven from my God: and I will write upon him my new name. 
He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches. 
And unto the angel of the church of the Laodiceans write; These things saith the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creat
271,th hope and quietly wait for the salvation of the LORD. 
It is good for a man that he bear the yoke of his youth. 
He sitteth alone and keepeth silence, because he hath borne it upon him. 
He putteth his mouth in the dust; if so be there may be hope. 
He giveth his cheek
291, she spake, saying, They were wont to speak in old time, saying, They shall surely ask counsel at Abel: and so they ended the matter. 
I am one of them that are peaceable and faithful in Israel: thou seekest to destroy a city and a mother in Israel: why wilt thou swallow up the inheritance 
260,se, go thy way: thy faith hath made thee whole. 
And when he was demanded of the Pharisees, when the kingdom of God should come, he answered them and said, The kingdom of God cometh not with observation: 
Neither shall they say, Lo here! or, lo there! for, beh
327,n. 
Is any among you afflicted? let him pray. Is any merry? let him sing psalms. 
Is any sick among you? let him call for the elders of the church; and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord: 
And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed
257, will shew unto thee the judgment of the great whore that sitteth upon many waters: 
With whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication, and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication. 
So he carried me away 
291,nto them in the Hebrew tongue, saying, 
Men, brethren, and fathers, hear ye my defence which I make now unto you. 
(And when they heard that he spake in the Hebrew tongue to them, they kept the more silence: and he saith,) 
I am verily a man which am a Jew, born in Tarsus, a city in Cilicia
269,ne from his evil way, and from the violence that is in their hands. 
Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, that we perish not? 
And God saw their works, that they turned from their evil way; and God repented of the evil, that he
307, the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel; whose goings forth have been from of old, from everlasting. 
Therefore will he give them up, until the time that she which travaileth hath brought forth: then the remnant of his brethren shall return unto th
303,u speak not to Jacob either good or bad. 
Then Laban overtook Jacob. Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the mount: and Laban with his brethren pitched in the mount of Gilead. 
And Laban said to Jacob, What hast thou done, that thou hast stolen away unawares to me, and carried away my daughters, as capti
270,th your children's children will I plead. 
For pass over the isles of Chittim, and see; and send unto Kedar, and consider diligently, and see if there be such a thing. 
Hath a nation changed their gods, which are yet no gods? but my people have changed their glory for t
326,. 
And the LORD was angry with Solomon, because his heart was turned from the LORD God of Israel, which had appeared unto him twice, 
And had commanded him concerning this thing, that he should not go after other gods: but he kept not that which the LORD commanded. 
Wherefore the LORD said unto Solomon, Forasmuch as this is 
328, the whirlwind shall scatter them: and thou shalt rejoice in the LORD, and shalt glory in the Holy One of Israel. 
When the poor and needy seek water, and there is none, and their tongue faileth for thirst, I the LORD will hear them, I the God of Israel will not forsake them. 
I will open rivers in high places, and fountains i
315,nd they set him thereon. 
And a very great multitude spread their garments in the way; others cut down branches from the trees, and strawed them in the way. 
And the multitudes that went before, and that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna to the son of David: Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord; Hosann
259, and all my father's house. 
And the name of the second called he Ephraim: For God hath caused me to be fruitful in the land of my affliction. 
And the seven years of plenteousness, that was in the land of Egypt, were ended. 
And the seven years of dearth beg
291,O thou my God, save thy servant that trusteth in thee. 
Be merciful unto me, O Lord: for I cry unto thee daily. 
Rejoice the soul of thy servant: for unto thee, O Lord, do I lift up my soul. 
For thou, Lord, art good, and ready to forgive; and plenteous in mercy unto all them that call upon
311,the Lamb: 
And the smoke of their torment ascendeth up for ever and ever: and they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast and his image, and whosoever receiveth the mark of his name. 
Here is the patience of the saints: here are they that keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus. 
And I 
240,s to them an evident token of perdition, but to you of salvation, and that of God. 
For unto you it is given in the behalf of Christ, not only to believe on him, but also to suffer for his sake; 
Having the same conflict which ye saw in me,
265,. 
For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him. 
For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are a
276,ce: thou art now the blessed of the LORD. 
And he made them a feast, and they did eat and drink. 
And they rose up betimes in the morning, and sware one to another: and Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace. 
And it came to pass the same day, that Isaac's 
315,end unto me every thing that ye can hear. 
So Hushai David's friend came into the city, and Absalom came into Jerusalem. 
And when David was a little past the top of the hill, behold, Ziba the servant of Mephibosheth met him, with a couple of asses saddled, and upon them two hundred loaves of bread, and an hundred
244, an handful of the offering, even the memorial thereof, and burn it upon the altar, and afterward shall cause the woman to drink the water. 
And when he hath made her to drink the water, then it shall come to pass, that, if she be defiled, and 
246,up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here. 
No man, when he hath lighted a candle, putteth it in a secret place, neither under a bushel, b
282, laid up the roll in the chamber of Elishama the scribe, and told all the words in the ears of the king. 
So the king sent Jehudi to fetch the roll: and he took it out of Elishama the scribe's chamber. And Jehudi read it in the ears of the king, and in the ears of all the princes w
353,aused his army to serve a great service against Tyrus: every head was made bald, and every shoulder was peeled: yet had he no wages, nor his army, for Tyrus, for the service that he had served against it: 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will give the land of Egypt unto Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon; and he shall take her multitude, and 
240,se of Israel and the house of Judah with the seed of man, and with the seed of beast. 
And it shall come to pass, that like as I have watched over them, to pluck up, and to break down, and to throw down, and to destroy, and to afflict; so w
336,ixt me and thee. 
And Laban said to Jacob, Behold this heap, and behold this pillar, which I have cast betwixt me and thee: 
This heap be witness, and this pillar be witness, that I will not pass over this heap to thee, and that thou shalt not pass over this heap and this pillar unto me, for harm. 
The God of Abraham, and the God of N
333,d. 
He hath also stablished them for ever and ever: he hath made a decree which shall not pass. 
Praise the LORD from the earth, ye dragons, and all deeps: 
Fire, and hail; snow, and vapours; stormy wind fulfilling his word: 
Mountains, and all hills; fruitful trees, and all cedars: 
Beasts, and all cattle; creeping things, and fly
356,bits high, and had set it in the midst of the court: and upon it he stood, and kneeled down upon his knees before all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hands toward heaven. 
And said, O LORD God of Israel, there is no God like thee in the heaven, nor in the earth; which keepest covenant, and shewest mercy unto thy servants, that walk befor
293,vant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that feareth God, and escheweth evil? 
Then Satan answered the LORD, and said, Doth Job fear God for nought? 
Hast not thou made an hedge about him, and about his house, and about all that he hath on every s
357, depart, every man unto his inheritance. 
And it came to pass after these things, that Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of the LORD, died, being an hundred and ten years old. 
And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in Timnathserah, which is in mount Ephraim, on the north side of the hill of Gaash. 
And Israel served the LORD all the days o
278,were gone out of them, and were washing their nets. 
And he entered into one of the ships, which was Simon's, and prayed him that he would thrust out a little from the land. And he sat down, and taught the people out of the ship. 
Now when he had left speaking, he said unto Sim
338,ineteen cities with their villages. 
This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Naphtali according to their families, the cities and their villages. 
And the seventh lot came out for the tribe of the children of Dan according to their families. 
And the coast of their inheritance was Zorah, and Eshtaol, and Irshemesh, 
And 
251,ith them, he consented not; 
But bade them farewell, saying, I must by all means keep this feast that cometh in Jerusalem: but I will return again unto you, if God will. And he sailed from Ephesus. 
And when he had landed at Caesarea, and gone up, and
241,lory of God by us. 
Now he which stablisheth us with you in Christ, and hath anointed us, is God; 
Who hath also sealed us, and given the earnest of the Spirit in our hearts. 
Moreover I call God for a record upon my soul, that to spare you 
264, many; and they hate me with cruel hatred. 
O keep my soul, and deliver me: let me not be ashamed; for I put my trust in thee. 
Let integrity and uprightness preserve me; for I wait on thee. 
Redeem Israel, O God, out of all his troubles. 
Judge me, O LORD; for I 
281,lars round about the court shall be filleted with silver; their hooks shall be of silver, and their sockets of brass. 
The length of the court shall be an hundred cubits, and the breadth fifty every where, and the height five cubits of fine twined linen, and their sockets of brass
352,shalt know that thy tabernacle shall be in peace; and thou shalt visit thy habitation, and shalt not sin. 
Thou shalt know also that thy seed shall be great, and thine offspring as the grass of the earth. 
Thou shalt come to thy grave in a full age, like as a shock of corn cometh in in his season. 
Lo this, we have searched it, so it is; hear it, and
243,ith them, and with all the family of the house of his mother's father, saying, 
Speak, I pray you, in the ears of all the men of Shechem, Whether is better for you, either that all the sons of Jerubbaal, which are threescore and ten persons, r
301,e shall wash his feet in the blood of the wicked. 
So that a man shall say, Verily there is a reward for the righteous: verily he is a God that judgeth in the earth. 
Deliver me from mine enemies, O my God: defend me from them that rise up against me. 
Deliver me from the workers of iniquity, and sav
319,ire, both he and they; that there be no wickedness among you. 
And if a man lie with a beast, he shall surely be put to death: and ye shall slay the beast. 
And if a woman approach unto any beast, and lie down thereto, thou shalt kill the woman, and the beast: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be up
319,and his people, and his city, and his land: 
And thou shalt do to Ai and her king as thou didst unto Jericho and her king: only the spoil thereof, and the cattle thereof, shall ye take for a prey unto yourselves: lay thee an ambush for the city behind it. 
So Joshua arose, and all the people of war, to go up against A
298,e; and abundance of waters cover thee. 
Is not God in the height of heaven? and behold the height of the stars, how high they are! 
And thou sayest, How doth God know? can he judge through the dark cloud? 
Thick clouds are a covering to him, that he seeth not; and he walketh in the circuit of heav
269,r iniquity, and the iniquity of their fathers, with their trespass which they trespassed against me, and that also they have walked contrary unto me; 
And that I also have walked contrary unto them, and have brought them into the land of their enemies; if then their un
248,brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them and the Gentiles. 
But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak: for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak. 
For it is no
248,ntry of the east gate, and proclaim there the words that I shall tell thee, 
And say, Hear ye the word of the LORD, O kings of Judah, and inhabitants of Jerusalem; Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will bring evil upon this
306,ur, and every man his brother, saying, Know the LORD: for they shall all know me, from the least of them unto the greatest of them, saith the LORD: for I will forgive their iniquity, and I will remember their sin no more. 
Thus saith the LORD, which giveth the sun for a light by day, and the ordinances of
285,brance: for thou hast discovered thyself to another than me, and art gone up; thou hast enlarged thy bed, and made thee a covenant with them; thou lovedst their bed where thou sawest it. 
And thou wentest to the king with ointment, and didst increase thy perfumes, and didst send thy m
267,her: who hath declared this from ancient time? who hath told it from that time? have not I the LORD? and there is no God else beside me; a just God and a Saviour; there is none beside me. 
Look unto me, and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth: for I am God, and th
347,t thee away with mirth, and with songs, with tabret, and with harp? 
And hast not suffered me to kiss my sons and my daughters? thou hast now done foolishly in so doing. 
It is in the power of my hand to do you hurt: but the God of your father spake unto me yesternight, saying, Take thou heed that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad. 
And
253,r goods. 
And they burnt all their cities wherein they dwelt, and all their goodly castles, with fire. 
And they took all the spoil, and all the prey, both of men and of beasts. 
And they brought the captives, and the prey, and the spoil, unto Moses, an
254,s, by the house of their fathers, 
From thirty years old and upward even until fifty years old, all that enter into the host, to do the work in the tabernacle of the congregation. 
This shall be the service of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the 
310,y, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am. 
Then took they up stones to cast at him: but Jesus hid himself, and went out of the temple, going through the midst of them, and so passed by. 
And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth. 
And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who d
282, the altar: 
To be a memorial unto the children of Israel, that no stranger, which is not of the seed of Aaron, come near to offer incense before the LORD; that he be not as Korah, and as his company: as the LORD said to him by the hand of Moses. 
But on the morrow all the congrega
309,ars in Jerusalem. 
And he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, like as did the house of Ahab: for he had the daughter of Ahab to wife: and he wrought that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD. 
Howbeit the LORD would not destroy the house of David, because of the covenant that he had made with David, 
339,hine hurt, that thou shouldest fall, even thou, and Judah with thee? 
But Amaziah would not hear; for it came of God, that he might deliver them into the hand of their enemies, because they sought after the gods of Edom. 
So Joash the king of Israel went up; and they saw one another in the face, both he and Amaziah king of Judah, at Beth
315,h shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty. 
I will say of the LORD, He is my refuge and my fortress: my God; in him will I trust. 
Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler, and from the noisome pestilence. 
He shall cover thee with his feathers, and under his wings shalt thou trust: his truth
353,ast out before the children of Israel. 
He sacrificed also and burnt incense in the high places, and on the hills, and under every green tree. 
Wherefore the LORD his God delivered him into the hand of the king of Syria; and they smote him, and carried away a great multitude of them captives, and brought them to Damascus. And he was also delivered int
349,and, behold, waters issued out from under the threshold of the house eastward: for the forefront of the house stood toward the east, and the waters came down from under from the right side of the house, at the south side of the altar. 
Then brought he me out of the way of the gate northward, and led me about the way without unto the utter gate by 
247,n of Israel, which they offer as an heave offering unto the LORD, I have given to the Levites to inherit: therefore I have said unto them, Among the children of Israel they shall have no inheritance. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Thus s
344,d these things unto them, the scribes and the Pharisees began to urge him vehemently, and to provoke him to speak of many things: 
Laying wait for him, and seeking to catch something out of his mouth, that they might accuse him. 
In the mean time, when there were gathered together an innumerable multitude of people, insomuch that they trode o
334,ciples, they also took shipping, and came to Capernaum, seeking for Jesus. 
And when they had found him on the other side of the sea, they said unto him, Rabbi, when camest thou hither? 
Jesus answered them and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Ye seek me, not because ye saw the miracles, but because ye did eat of the loaves, an
244,me effectual by the acknowledging of every good thing which is in you in Christ Jesus. 
For we have great joy and consolation in thy love, because the bowels of the saints are refreshed by thee, brother. 
Wherefore, though I might be much bold 
305,t thou set thy servant among them that did eat at thine own table. What right therefore have I yet to cry any more unto the king? 
And the king said unto him, Why speakest thou any more of thy matters? I have said, Thou and Ziba divide the land. 
And Mephibosheth said unto the king, Yea, let him take all
345,ou shalt be a terror, and never shalt thou be any more. 
Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, set thy face against Zidon, and prophesy against it, 
And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Zidon; and I will be glorified in the midst of thee: and they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall hav
330,rs also love those that love them. 
And if ye do good to them which do good to you, what thank have ye? for sinners also do even the same. 
And if ye lend to them of whom ye hope to receive, what thank have ye? for sinners also lend to sinners, to receive as much again. 
But love ye your enemies, and do good, and lend, hoping fo
302,ed us, and hath given us everlasting consolation and good hope through grace, 
Comfort your hearts, and stablish you in every good word and work. 
Finally, brethren, pray for us, that the word of the Lord may have free course, and be glorified, even as it is with you: 
And that we may be delivered fro
353,
For thou art not a God that hath pleasure in wickedness: neither shall evil dwell with thee. 
The foolish shall not stand in thy sight: thou hatest all workers of iniquity. 
Thou shalt destroy them that speak leasing: the LORD will abhor the bloody and deceitful man. 
But as for me, I will come into thy house in the multitude of thy mercy: and in thy
290,use to Gibeah of Saul. 
And Samuel came no more to see Saul until the day of his death: nevertheless Samuel mourned for Saul: and the LORD repented that he had made Saul king over Israel. 
And the LORD said unto Samuel, How long wilt thou mourn for Saul, seeing I have rejected him from rei
265,t was in distress, and every one that was in debt, and every one that was discontented, gathered themselves unto him; and he became a captain over them: and there were with him about four hundred men. 
And David went thence to Mizpeh of Moab: and he said unto the k
288,nd beast say, Come and see. 
And there went out another horse that was red: and power was given to him that sat thereon to take peace from the earth, and that they should kill one another: and there was given unto him a great sword. 
And when he had opened the third seal, I heard the thi
327,and living. 
But why dost thou judge thy brother? or why dost thou set at nought thy brother? for we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ. 
For it is written, As I live, saith the Lord, every knee shall bow to me, and every tongue shall confess to God. 
So then every one of us shall give account of himself to Go
331, were opened, and I saw visions of God. 
In the fifth day of the month, which was the fifth year of king Jehoiachin's captivity, 
The word of the LORD came expressly unto Ezekiel the priest, the son of Buzi, in the land of the Chaldeans by the river Chebar; and the hand of the LORD was there upon him. 
And I looked, and, behold, 
348,to it. 
And it shall be, if it make thee answer of peace, and open unto thee, then it shall be, that all the people that is found therein shall be tributaries unto thee, and they shall serve thee. 
And if it will make no peace with thee, but will make war against thee, then thou shalt besiege it: 
And when the LORD thy God hath delivered it into 
251,nd in sure dwellings, and in quiet resting places; 
When it shall hail, coming down on the forest; and the city shall be low in a low place. 
Blessed are ye that sow beside all waters, that send forth thither the feet of the ox and the ass. 
Woe to th
257,harp knives, and circumcise again the children of Israel the second time. 
And Joshua made him sharp knives, and circumcised the children of Israel at the hill of the foreskins. 
And this is the cause why Joshua did circumcise: All the people that came out 
313,ed Lazarus out of his grave, and raised him from the dead, bare record. 
For this cause the people also met him, for that they heard that he had done this miracle. 
The Pharisees therefore said among themselves, Perceive ye how ye prevail nothing? behold, the world is gone after him. 
And there were certain Gree
346,est myself to him. 
Judas saith unto him, not Iscariot, Lord, how is it that thou wilt manifest thyself unto us, and not unto the world? 
Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him. 
He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings: a
280,eninnah: and Peninnah had children, but Hannah had no children. 
And this man went up out of his city yearly to worship and to sacrifice unto the LORD of hosts in Shiloh. And the two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, the priests of the LORD, were there. 
And when the time was tha
258,ay in their heart, The LORD will not do good, neither will he do evil. 
Therefore their goods shall become a booty, and their houses a desolation: they shall also build houses, but not inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, but not drink the wine ther
251,l deliver them to be removed to all the kingdoms of the earth, to be a curse, and an astonishment, and an hissing, and a reproach, among all the nations whither I have driven them: 
Because they have not hearkened to my words, saith the LORD, which I 
293,he land of Canaan; 
Then ye shall drive out all the inhabitants of the land from before you, and destroy all their pictures, and destroy all their molten images, and quite pluck down all their high places: 
And ye shall dispossess the inhabitants of the land, and dwell therein: for I have giv
272,tinence Paul stood forth in the midst of them, and said, Sirs, ye should have hearkened unto me, and not have loosed from Crete, and to have gained this harm and loss. 
And now I exhort you to be of good cheer: for there shall be no loss of any man's life among you, but o
265,th unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down: for it is written, He shall give his angels charge concerning thee: and in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone. 
Jesus said unto him, It is written again
261,ut by water and blood. And it is the Spirit that beareth witness, because the Spirit is truth. 
For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one. 
And there are three that bear witness in earth, t
351,All the inhabitants of the hill country from Lebanon unto Misrephothmaim, and all the Sidonians, them will I drive out from before the children of Israel: only divide thou it by lot unto the Israelites for an inheritance, as I have commanded thee. 
Now therefore divide this land for an inheritance unto the nine tribes, and the half tribe of Manasseh
324,f the world: 
Both low and high, rich and poor, together. 
My mouth shall speak of wisdom; and the meditation of my heart shall be of understanding. 
I will incline mine ear to a parable: I will open my dark saying upon the harp. 
Wherefore should I fear in the days of evil, when the iniquity of my heels shall compass me a
252,rjathjearim. 
And the children of Israel smote them not, because the princes of the congregation had sworn unto them by the LORD God of Israel. And all the congregation murmured against the princes. 
But all the princes said unto all the congregation, 
276,greatly bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it: 
Only if thou carefully hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to observe to do all these commandments which I command thee this day. 
For the LORD thy God blesseth thee, 
284,Then said Jesus unto Peter, Put up thy sword into the sheath: the cup which my Father hath given me, shall I not drink it? 
Then the band and the captain and officers of the Jews took Jesus, and bound him, 
And led him away to Annas first; for he was father in law to Caiaphas, which 
297,offer the bread of his God. 
For whatsoever man he be that hath a blemish, he shall not approach: a blind man, or a lame, or he that hath a flat nose, or any thing superfluous, 
Or a man that is brokenfooted, or brokenhanded, 
Or crookbackt, or a dwarf, or that hath a blemish in his eye, or be sc
313,ed Moses. 
And Moses spake unto the heads of the tribes concerning the children of Israel, saying, This is the thing which the LORD hath commanded. 
If a man vow a vow unto the LORD, or swear an oath to bind his soul with a bond; he shall not break his word, he shall do according to all that proceedeth out of hi
354,as at other times, even upon a seat by the wall: and Jonathan arose, and Abner sat by Saul's side, and David's place was empty. 
Nevertheless Saul spake not any thing that day: for he thought, Something hath befallen him, he is not clean; surely he is not clean. 
And it came to pass on the morrow, which was the second day of the month, that David's pla
357,morning: 
Lest coming suddenly he find you sleeping. 
And what I say unto you I say unto all, Watch. 
After two days was the feast of the passover, and of unleavened bread: and the chief priests and the scribes sought how they might take him by craft, and put him to death. 
But they said, Not on the feast day, lest there be an uproar of the people. 
And b
289,Now a mediator is not a mediator of one, but God is one. 
Is the law then against the promises of God? God forbid: for if there had been a law given which could have given life, verily righteousness should have been by the law. 
But the scripture hath concluded all under sin, that the pro
328,ore his tabernacle. 
And when Phinehas the priest, and the princes of the congregation and heads of the thousands of Israel which were with him, heard the words that the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the children of Manasseh spake, it pleased them. 
And Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest said unto the chil
272,at through his name whosoever believeth in him shall receive remission of sins. 
While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word. 
And they of the circumcision which believed were astonished, as many as came with Peter, because that
284,d, beside them that died about the matter of Korah. 
And Aaron returned unto Moses unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and the plague was stayed. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, and take of every one of them a rod according
278,; and Manasses begat Amon; and Amon begat Josias; 
And Josias begat Jechonias and his brethren, about the time they were carried away to Babylon: 
And after they were brought to Babylon, Jechonias begat Salathiel; and Salathiel begat Zorobabel; 
And Zorobabel begat Abiud; and A
296,f Israel said unto him, So shall thy judgment be; thyself hast decided it. 
And he hasted, and took the ashes away from his face; and the king of Israel discerned him that he was of the prophets. 
And he said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Because thou hast let go out of thy hand a man whom I ap
270,d and the visions of my head troubled me. 
Therefore made I a decree to bring in all the wise men of Babylon before me, that they might make known unto me the interpretation of the dream. 
Then came in the magicians, the astrologers, the Chaldeans, and the soothsayers: 
309,help and my deliverer; make no tarrying, O my God. 
Blessed is he that considereth the poor: the LORD will deliver him in time of trouble. 
The LORD will preserve him, and keep him alive; and he shall be blessed upon the earth: and thou wilt not deliver him unto the will of his enemies. 
The LORD will streng
273,n his son. 
For in the days of David and Asaph of old there were chief of the singers, and songs of praise and thanksgiving unto God. 
And all Israel in the days of Zerubbabel, and in the days of Nehemiah, gave the portions of the singers and the porters, every day his por
289,tabernacle. 
And it came to pass, as Moses entered into the tabernacle, the cloudy pillar descended, and stood at the door of the tabernacle, and the Lord talked with Moses. 
And all the people saw the cloudy pillar stand at the tabernacle door: and all the people rose up and worshipped, 
262,nd eight cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: the curtains were all of one size. 
And he coupled the five curtains one unto another: and the other five curtains he coupled one unto another. 
And he made loops of blue on the edge of one curtain fro
299,id he would increase Israel like to the stars of the heavens. 
Joab the son of Zeruiah began to number, but he finished not, because there fell wrath for it against Israel; neither was the number put in the account of the chronicles of king David. 
And over the king's treasures was Azmaveth the son
305,s of our fathers, we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets. 
Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are the children of them which killed the prophets. 
Fill ye up then the measure of your fathers. 
Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape the dam
359,p itself, as if it were no wood. 
Therefore shall the Lord, the Lord of hosts, send among his fat ones leanness; and under his glory he shall kindle a burning like the burning of a fire. 
And the light of Israel shall be for a fire, and his Holy One for a flame: and it shall burn and devour his thorns and his briers in one day; 
And shall consume the glory 
251, despised me, and hast taken the wife of Uriah the Hittite to be thy wife. 
Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will raise up evil against thee out of thine own house, and I will take thy wives before thine eyes, and give them unto thy neighbour, and he sh
241,their fathers had done. 
For they also built them high places, and images, and groves, on every high hill, and under every green tree. 
And there were also sodomites in the land: and they did according to all the abominations of the nations 
248,r of Chebar; and I knew that they were the cherubims. 
Every one had four faces apiece, and every one four wings; and the likeness of the hands of a man was under their wings. 
And the likeness of their faces was the same faces which I saw by the r
271, or a wonder, 
And the sign or the wonder come to pass, whereof he spake unto thee, saying, Let us go after other gods, which thou hast not known, and let us serve them; 
Thou shalt not hearken unto the words of that prophet, or that dreamer of dreams: for the LORD your 
322,by Jordan, from the border unto the east sea. And this is the east side. 
And the south side southward, from Tamar even to the waters of strife in Kadesh, the river to the great sea. And this is the south side southward. 
The west side also shall be the great sea from the border, till a man come over against Hamath. This
285, and their fat, and the right shoulder: 
And out of the basket of unleavened bread, that was before the LORD, he took one unleavened cake, and a cake of oiled bread, and one wafer, and put them on the fat, and upon the right shoulder: 
And he put all upon Aaron's hands, and upon his s
296,all not fear thee, O Lord, and glorify thy name? for thou only art holy: for all nations shall come and worship before thee; for thy judgments are made manifest. 
And after that I looked, and, behold, the temple of the tabernacle of the testimony in heaven was opened: 
And the seven angels came 
329,d: for he that hath suffered in the flesh hath ceased from sin; 
That he no longer should live the rest of his time in the flesh to the lusts of men, but to the will of God. 
For the time past of our life may suffice us to have wrought the will of the Gentiles, when we walked in lasciviousness, lusts, excess of wine, revellings
297, the Chemarims with the priests; 
And them that worship the host of heaven upon the housetops; and them that worship and that swear by the LORD, and that swear by Malcham; 
And them that are turned back from the LORD; and those that have not sought the LORD, nor enquired for him. 
Hold thy peace 
351,orners of the land. 
Now is the end come upon thee, and I will send mine anger upon thee, and will judge thee according to thy ways, and will recompense upon thee all thine abominations. 
And mine eye shall not spare thee, neither will I have pity: but I will recompense thy ways upon thee, and thine abominations shall be in the midst of thee: and ye
299,ereth David his servant from the hurtful sword. 
Rid me, and deliver me from the hand of strange children, whose mouth speaketh vanity, and their right hand is a right hand of falsehood: 
That our sons may be as plants grown up in their youth; that our daughters may be as corner stones, polished af
311,upon thee; but will lay them upon all them that hate thee. 
And thou shalt consume all the people which the LORD thy God shall deliver thee; thine eye shall have no pity upon them: neither shalt thou serve their gods; for that will be a snare unto thee. 
If thou shalt say in thine heart, These nations are more
283,ltery. 
Thou shalt not steal. 
Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour. 
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's house, thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's wife, nor his manservant, nor his maidservant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor any thing that is thy neighbour's. 
A
311,mountains. 
And Elam bare the quiver with chariots of men and horsemen, and Kir uncovered the shield. 
And it shall come to pass, that thy choicest valleys shall be full of chariots, and the horsemen shall set themselves in array at the gate. 
And he discovered the covering of Judah, and thou didst look in tha
291,hem, Go your way, and tell John what things ye have seen and heard; how that the blind see, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised, to the poor the gospel is preached. 
And blessed is he, whosoever shall not be offended in me. 
And when the messengers of 
347,re Pharaoh. 
And Joseph placed his father and his brethren, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land of Rameses, as Pharaoh had commanded. 
And Joseph nourished his father, and his brethren, and all his father's household, with bread, according to their families. 
And there was no bread in all the lan
335,Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed. 
I know that ye are Abraham's seed; but ye seek to kill me, because my word hath no place in you. 
I speak that which I have seen with my Father: and ye do that which ye have seen with your father. 
They answered and said unto him, Abraham is our father. Jesus saith unto the
304,bars was about me for ever: yet hast thou brought up my life from corruption, O LORD my God. 
When my soul fainted within me I remembered the LORD: and my prayer came in unto thee, into thine holy temple. 
They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy. 
But I will sacrifice unto thee with the
288,s straitened more than the lowest and the middlemost from the ground. 
And the wall that was without over against the chambers, toward the utter court on the forepart of the chambers, the length thereof was fifty cubits. 
For the length of the chambers that were in the utter court was fi
325,said also unto his disciples, There was a certain rich man, which had a steward; and the same was accused unto him that he had wasted his goods. 
And he called him, and said unto him, How is it that I hear this of thee? give an account of thy stewardship; for thou mayest be no longer steward. 
Then the steward said within h
321,daughters: 
And all the days of Enos were nine hundred and five years: and he died. 
And Cainan lived seventy years and begat Mahalaleel: 
And Cainan lived after he begat Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years, and begat sons and daughters: 
And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and ten years: and he died. 
And
248,rve him: and I have given him the beasts of the field also. 
Then said the prophet Jeremiah unto Hananiah the prophet, Hear now, Hananiah; The LORD hath not sent thee; but thou makest this people to trust in a lie. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD; B
351,ls apiece, after the shekel of the sanctuary: all the gold of the spoons was an hundred and twenty shekels. 
All the oxen for the burnt offering were twelve bullocks, the rams twelve, the lambs of the first year twelve, with their meat offering: and the kids of the goats for sin offering twelve. 
And all the oxen for the sacrifice of the peace offer
253, shall perish together, and man shall turn again unto dust. 
If now thou hast understanding, hear this: hearken to the voice of my words. 
Shall even he that hateth right govern? and wilt thou condemn him that is most just? 
Is it fit to say to a king, 
315,tures, neither the power of God? 
For when they shall rise from the dead, they neither marry, nor are given in marriage; but are as the angels which are in heaven. 
And as touching the dead, that they rise: have ye not read in the book of Moses, how in the bush God spake unto him, saying, I am the God of Abraham, 
289,srael descend now from the cross, that we may see and believe. And they that were crucified with him reviled him. 
And when the sixth hour was come, there was darkness over the whole land until the ninth hour. 
And at the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eloi, Eloi, lama 
314,lesh. 
And his mother's brethren spake of him in the ears of all the men of Shechem all these words: and their hearts inclined to follow Abimelech; for they said, He is our brother. 
And they gave him threescore and ten pieces of silver out of the house of Baalberith, wherewith Abimelech hired vain and light pers
246,rry tales to shed blood: and in thee they eat upon the mountains: in the midst of thee they commit lewdness. 
In thee have they discovered their fathers' nakedness: in thee have they humbled her that was set apart for pollution. 
And one hath com
310,a knife: and a third part thou shalt scatter in the wind; and I will draw out a sword after them. 
Thou shalt also take thereof a few in number, and bind them in thy skirts. 
Then take of them again, and cast them into the midst of the fire, and burn them in the fire; for thereof shall a fire come forth into 
285, behalf, saying, Whose is the land? saying also, Make thy league with me, and, behold, my hand shall be with thee, to bring about all Israel unto thee. 
And he said, Well; I will make a league with thee: but one thing I require of thee, that is, Thou shalt not see my face, except thou
328,t for the God of my salvation: my God will hear me. 
Rejoice not against me, O mine enemy: when I fall, I shall arise; when I sit in darkness, the LORD shall be a light unto me. 
I will bear the indignation of the LORD, because I have sinned against him, until he plead my cause, and execute judgment for me: he will bring me fo
244,iteth the Jebusites first shall be chief and captain. So Joab the son of Zeruiah went first up, and was chief. 
And David dwelt in the castle; therefore they called it the city of David. 
And he built the city round about, even from Millo round
289,r, and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out his blood at the bottom of the altar of burnt offering. 
And he shall burn all his fat upon the altar, as the fat of the sacrifice of peace offerings: and the priest shall make an atonement for him as concerni
317,and Aaron the saint of the LORD. 
The earth opened and swallowed up Dathan and covered the company of Abiram. 
And a fire was kindled in their company; the flame burned up the wicked. 
They made a calf in Horeb, and worshipped the molten image. 
Thus they changed their glory into the similitude of an ox that eateth 
313,andment of God of none effect by your tradition. 
Ye hypocrites, well did Esaias prophesy of you, saying, 
This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is far from me. 
But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men. 
And he 
257, Jesus Christ. 
Faithful is he that calleth you, who also will do it. 
Brethren, pray for us. 
Greet all the brethren with an holy kiss. 
I charge you by the Lord that this epistle be read unto all the holy brethren. 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be w
322, and in thy seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed. 
And, behold, I am with thee, and will keep thee in all places whither thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land; for I will not leave thee, until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of. 
And Jacob awaked out of his sleep, and he said, S
321,ary head is a crown of glory, if it be found in the way of righteousness. 
He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city. 
The lot is cast into the lap; but the whole disposing thereof is of the LORD. 
Better is a dry morsel, and quietness therewith, than an
304, work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ: 
Till we all come in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ: 
That we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about 
302,r, it is nothing; but whosoever sweareth by the gift that is upon it, he is guilty. 
Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gift, or the altar that sanctifieth the gift? 
Whoso therefore shall swear by the altar, sweareth by it, and by all things thereon. 
And whoso shall swear by the temple,
248,in God: for I shall yet praise him, who is the health of my countenance, and my God. 
Judge me, O God, and plead my cause against an ungodly nation: O deliver me from the deceitful and unjust man. 
For thou art the God of my strength: why dost thou
334,ps which thou hast sucked. 
But he said, Yea rather, blessed are they that hear the word of God, and keep it. 
And when the people were gathered thick together, he began to say, This is an evil generation: they seek a sign; and there shall no sign be given it, but the sign of Jonas the prophet. 
For as Jonas was a sign unto the Nine
322,he books were opened. 
I beheld then because of the voice of the great words which the horn spake: I beheld even till the beast was slain, and his body destroyed, and given to the burning flame. 
As concerning the rest of the beasts, they had their dominion taken away: yet their lives were prolonged for a season and time
349,n, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life. 
But many that are first shall be last; and the last shall be first. 
For the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is an householder, which went out early in the morning to hire labourers into his vineyard. 
And when he had agreed with the labou
359,was none of them. 
How precious also are thy thoughts unto me, O God! how great is the sum of them! 
If I should count them, they are more in number than the sand: when I awake, I am still with thee. 
Surely thou wilt slay the wicked, O God: depart from me therefore, ye bloody men. 
For they speak against thee wickedly, and thine enemies take thy name in va
333,han I, and hast prevailed: I am in derision daily, every one mocketh me. 
For since I spake, I cried out, I cried violence and spoil; because the word of the LORD was made a reproach unto me, and a derision, daily. 
Then I said, I will not make mention of him, nor speak any more in his name. But his word was in mine heart as a burn
335,alleth into the fire, and oft into the water. 
And I brought him to thy disciples, and they could not cure him. 
Then Jesus answered and said, O faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him hither to me. 
And Jesus rebuked the devil; and he departed out of him: and the child 
330,ked upon him, and said, Go in this thy might, and thou shalt save Israel from the hand of the Midianites: have not I sent thee? 
And he said unto him, Oh my Lord, wherewith shall I save Israel? behold, my family is poor in Manasseh, and I am the least in my father's house. 
And the LORD said unto him, Surely I will be with thee,
315,en have committed much, of him they will ask the more. 
I am come to send fire on the earth; and what will I, if it be already kindled? 
But I have a baptism to be baptized with; and how am I straitened till it be accomplished! 
Suppose ye that I am come to give peace on earth? I tell you, Nay; but rather division
270,h the son of Shelemiah, and Hanun the sixth son of Zalaph, another piece. After him repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah over against his chamber. 
After him repaired Malchiah the goldsmith's son unto the place of the Nethinims, and of the merchants, over against the
359,er of thy water: 
That thou shouldest enter into covenant with the LORD thy God, and into his oath, which the LORD thy God maketh with thee this day: 
That he may establish thee to day for a people unto himself, and that he may be unto thee a God, as he hath said unto thee, and as he hath sworn unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob. 
Neither 
333,h for ever: forsake not the works of thine own hands. 
O lord, thou hast searched me, and known me. 
Thou knowest my downsitting and mine uprising, thou understandest my thought afar off. 
Thou compassest my path and my lying down, and art acquainted with all my ways. 
For there is not a word in my tongue, but, lo, O LORD, thou kno
254,n: but they could not read the writing, nor make known to the king the interpretation thereof. 
Then was king Belshazzar greatly troubled, and his countenance was changed in him, and his lords were astonied. 
Now the queen by reason of the words of the k
334,, and will make it to be a proverb and a byword among all nations. 
And this house, which is high, shall be an astonishment to every one that passeth by it; so that he shall say, Why hath the LORD done thus unto this land, and unto this house? 
And it shall be answered, Because they forsook the LORD God of their fathers, which broug
298,to reign, and he reigned three months in Jerusalem. 
And the king of Egypt put him down at Jerusalem, and condemned the land in an hundred talents of silver and a talent of gold. 
And the king of Egypt made Eliakim his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem, and turned his name to Jehoiakim. And Ne
277,f women that had not known man by lying with him. 
And the half, which was the portion of them that went out to war, was in number three hundred thousand and seven and thirty thousand and five hundred sheep: 
And the LORD'S tribute of the sheep was six hundred and threescore a
327,ers to fight: 
My goodness, and my fortress; my high tower, and my deliverer; my shield, and he in whom I trust; who subdueth my people under me. 
LORD, what is man, that thou takest knowledge of him! or the son of man, that thou makest account of him! 
Man is like to vanity: his days are as a shadow that passeth away. 
Bow t
298, altar of the burnt offering continually morning and evening, and to do according to all that is written in the law of the LORD, which he commanded Israel; 
And with them Heman and Jeduthun, and the rest that were chosen, who were expressed by name, to give thanks to the LORD, because his mercy en
261,nd the priest which he had, and came unto Laish, unto a people that were at quiet and secure: and they smote them with the edge of the sword, and burnt the city with fire. 
And there was no deliverer, because it was far from Zidon, and they had no business with
260,men, and of the truth itself: yea, and we also bear record; and ye know that our record is true. 
I had many things to write, but I will not with ink and pen write unto thee: 
But I trust I shall shortly see thee, and we shall speak face to face. Peace be to t
350,hat are wanting, and ordain elders in every city, as I had appointed thee: 
If any be blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly. 
For a bishop must be blameless, as the steward of God; not selfwilled, not soon angry, not given to wine, no striker, not given to filthy lucre; 
But a lover of hospitalit
287,eal: 
For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also. 
The light of the body is the eye: if therefore thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light. 
But if thine eye be evil, thy whole body shall be full of darkness. If therefore the light that is in thee be dar
330,if thou wilt hearken unto all that I command thee, and wilt walk in my ways, and do that is right in my sight, to keep my statutes and my commandments, as David my servant did; that I will be with thee, and build thee a sure house, as I built for David, and will give Israel unto thee. 
And I will for this afflict the seed of Dav
257, denieth that Jesus is the Christ? He is antichrist, that denieth the Father and the Son. 
Whosoever denieth the Son, the same hath not the Father: he that acknowledgeth the Son hath the Father also. 
Let that therefore abide in you, which ye have heard fro
244,life, which the Son of man shall give unto you: for him hath God the Father sealed. 
Then said they unto him, What shall we do, that we might work the works of God? 
Jesus answered and said unto them, This is the work of God, that ye believe on
344,s brutish. 
A good man obtaineth favour of the LORD: but a man of wicked devices will he condemn. 
A man shall not be established by wickedness: but the root of the righteous shall not be moved. 
A virtuous woman is a crown to her husband: but she that maketh ashamed is as rottenness in his bones. 
The thoughts of the righteous are right: but
276,t. 
The fear of man bringeth a snare: but whoso putteth his trust in the LORD shall be safe. 
Many seek the ruler's favour; but every man's judgment cometh from the LORD. 
An unjust man is an abomination to the just: and he that is upright in the way is abomination to the wic
263,t shall be done to the man that killeth this Philistine, and taketh away the reproach from Israel? for who is this uncircumcised Philistine, that he should defy the armies of the living God? 
And the people answered him after this manner, saying, So shall it be d
248,ye also is dim by reason of sorrow, and all my members are as a shadow. 
Upright men shall be astonied at this, and the innocent shall stir up himself against the hypocrite. 
The righteous also shall hold on his way, and he that hath clean hands sh
278,surely then in the morning the people had gone up every one from following his brother. 
So Joab blew a trumpet, and all the people stood still, and pursued after Israel no more, neither fought they any more. 
And Abner and his men walked all that night through the plain, and p
334,concile both unto God in one body by the cross, having slain the enmity thereby: 
And came and preached peace to you which were afar off, and to them that were nigh. 
For through him we both have access by one Spirit unto the Father. 
Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellowcitizens with the saints, and of t
282,ointed, and do my prophets no harm. 
Moreover he called for a famine upon the land: he brake the whole staff of bread. 
He sent a man before them, even Joseph, who was sold for a servant: 
Whose feet they hurt with fetters: he was laid in iron: 
Until the time that his word came: t
357,nd as a falling fig from the fig tree. 
For my sword shall be bathed in heaven: behold, it shall come down upon Idumea, and upon the people of my curse, to judgment. 
The sword of the LORD is filled with blood, it is made fat with fatness, and with the blood of lambs and goats, with the fat of the kidneys of rams: for the LORD hath a sacrifice in Bozrah, 
290,tone, and put it under him, and he sat thereon; and Aaron and Hur stayed up his hands, the one on the one side, and the other on the other side; and his hands were steady until the going down of the sun. 
And Joshua discomfited Amalek and his people with the edge of the sword. 
And the LOR
327,n abundance. 
And they brought unto Solomon horses out of Egypt, and out of all lands. 
Now the rest of the acts of Solomon, first and last, are they not written in the book of Nathan the prophet, and in the prophecy of Ahijah the Shilonite, and in the visions of Iddo the seer against Jeroboam the son of Nebat? 
And Solomon r
339, saith the king, Put this fellow in the prison, and feed him with bread of affliction and with water of affliction, until I come in peace. 
And Micaiah said, If thou return at all in peace, the LORD hath not spoken by me. And he said, Hearken, O people, every one of you. 
So the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah went up to
304,thigh; and the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of joint, as he wrestled with him. 
And he said, Let me go, for the day breaketh. And he said, I will not let thee go, except thou bless me. 
And he said unto him, What is thy name? And he said, Jacob. 
And he said, Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, b
310,of them the fire consumeth. 
Acquaint now thyself with him, and be at peace: thereby good shall come unto thee. 
Receive, I pray thee, the law from his mouth, and lay up his words in thine heart. 
If thou return to the Almighty, thou shalt be built up, thou shalt put away iniquity far from thy tabernacles. 
T
344,the elders of Gilead went to fetch Jephthah out of the land of Tob: 
And they said unto Jephthah, Come, and be our captain, that we may fight with the children of Ammon. 
And Jephthah said unto the elders of Gilead, Did not ye hate me, and expel me out of my father's house? and why are ye come unto me now when ye are in distress? 
And the eld
259, the synagogue, believed on the Lord with all his house; and many of the Corinthians hearing believed, and were baptized. 
Then spake the Lord to Paul in the night by a vision, Be not afraid, but speak, and hold not thy peace: 
For I am with thee, and no man 
347,e trumpet? 
For my people is foolish, they have not known me; they are sottish children, and they have none understanding: they are wise to do evil, but to do good they have no knowledge. 
I beheld the earth, and, lo, it was without form, and void; and the heavens, and they had no light. 
I beheld the mountains, and, lo, they trembled, and all t
260,erish. 
The way of the LORD is strength to the upright: but destruction shall be to the workers of iniquity. 
The righteous shall never be removed: but the wicked shall not inhabit the earth. 
The mouth of the just bringeth forth wisdom: but the froward tongue
349, pass, when the king of Ai saw it, that they hasted and rose up early, and the men of the city went out against Israel to battle, he and all his people, at a time appointed, before the plain; but he wist not that there were liers in ambush against him behind the city. 
And Joshua and all Israel made as if they were beaten before them, and fled by 
343,
And ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them and the Gentiles. 
But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak: for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak. 
For it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in you. 
And the
311,arth; and break forth into singing, O mountains: for the LORD hath comforted his people, and will have mercy upon his afflicted. 
But Zion said, The LORD hath forsaken me, and my Lord hath forgotten me. 
Can a woman forget her sucking child, that she should not have compassion on the son of her womb? yea, they
334,t a youth, and ruddy, and of a fair countenance. 
And the Philistine said unto David, Am I a dog, that thou comest to me with staves? And the Philistine cursed David by his gods. 
And the Philistine said to David, Come to me, and I will give thy flesh unto the fowls of the air, and to the beasts of the field. 
Then said David to the
276,rve other gods, whom they knew not, neither they, ye, nor your fathers. 
Howbeit I sent unto you all my servants the prophets, rising early and sending them, saying, Oh, do not this abominable thing that I hate. 
But they hearkened not, nor inclined their ear to turn from the
256, earth, which are now, by the same word are kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and perdition of ungodly men. 
But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand year
297,n they fled, and went forth out of the city by night, by the way of the king's garden, by the gate betwixt the two walls: and he went out the way of the plain. 
But the Chaldeans' army pursued after them, and overtook Zedekiah in the plains of Jericho: and when they had taken him, they brought hi
353,and covered it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof, and the wall of the pool of Siloah by the king's garden, and unto the stairs that go down from the city of David. 
After him repaired Nehemiah the son of Azbuk, the ruler of the half part of Bethzur, unto the place over against the sepulchres of David, and to the po
287,d settest me before thy face for ever. 
Blessed be the LORD God of Israel from everlasting, and to everlasting. Amen, and Amen. 
As the hart panteth after the water brooks, so panteth my soul after thee, O God. 
My soul thirsteth for God, for the living God: when shall I come and appear
250, pronounce it unclean. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
This shall be the law of the leper in the day of his cleansing: He shall be brought unto the priest: 
And the priest shall go forth out of the camp; and the priest shall look, and, behol
298,h the LORD; and like a hammer that breaketh the rock in pieces? 
Therefore, behold, I am against the prophets, saith the LORD, that steal my words every one from his neighbour. 
Behold, I am against the prophets, saith the LORD, that use their tongues, and say, He saith. 
Behold, I am against them
326,; diminish not a word: 
If so be they will hearken, and turn every man from his evil way, that I may repent me of the evil, which I purpose to do unto them because of the evil of their doings. 
And thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the LORD; If ye will not hearken to me, to walk in my law, which I have set before you, 
To
349,that day, saith the LORD, that there shall be the noise of a cry from the fish gate, and an howling from the second, and a great crashing from the hills. 
Howl, ye inhabitants of Maktesh, for all the merchant people are cut down; all they that bear silver are cut off. 
And it shall come to pass at that time, that I will search Jerusalem with candl
330, Judah. 
And by the border of Judah, from the east side unto the west side, shall be the offering which ye shall offer of five and twenty thousand reeds in breadth, and in length as one of the other parts, from the east side unto the west side: and the sanctuary shall be in the midst of it. 
The oblation that ye shall offer unto
289,e twelfth day of the month, the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, set thy face against Pharaoh king of Egypt, and prophesy against him, and against all Egypt: 
Speak, and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, Pharaoh king of Egypt, the great dragon tha
357, 
And he said unto him, If now I have found grace in thy sight, then shew me a sign that thou talkest with me. 
Depart not hence, I pray thee, until I come unto thee, and bring forth my present, and set it before thee. And he said, I will tarry until thou come again. 
And Gideon went in, and made ready a kid, and unleavened cakes of an ephah of flour: the
303,ok the reed, and smote him on the head. 
And after that they had mocked him, they took the robe off from him, and put his own raiment on him, and led him away to crucify him. 
And as they came out, they found a man of Cyrene, Simon by name: him they compelled to bear his cross. 
And when they were come
305,face is set. 
I will also smite mine hands together, and I will cause my fury to rest: I the LORD have said it. 
The word of the LORD came unto me again, saying, 
Also, thou son of man, appoint thee two ways, that the sword of the king of Babylon may come: both twain shall come forth out of one land: and
300,, and watch. 
And he went forward a little, and fell on the ground, and prayed that, if it were possible, the hour might pass from him. 
And he said, Abba, Father, all things are possible unto thee; take away this cup from me: nevertheless not what I will, but what thou wilt. 
And he cometh, and fin
330,. 
But Saul had given Michal his daughter, David's wife, to Phalti the son of Laish, which was of Gallim. 
And the Ziphites came unto Saul to Gibeah, saying, Doth not David hide himself in the hill of Hachilah, which is before Jeshimon? 
Then Saul arose, and went down to the wilderness of Ziph, having three thousand chosen men o
357,e he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the hoof; he is unclean unto you. 
And the hare, because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the hoof; he is unclean unto you. 
And the swine, though he divide the hoof, and be clovenfooted, yet he cheweth not the cud; he is unclean to you. 
Of their flesh shall ye not eat, and their carcase shall ye not touch; they
311, be servants unto Pharaoh: and give us seed, that we may live, and not die, that the land be not desolate. 
And Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh; for the Egyptians sold every man his field, because the famine prevailed over them: so the land became Pharaoh's. 
And as for the people, he removed t
353,im wood: two cubits shall be the length thereof, and a cubit the breadth thereof, and a cubit and a half the height thereof. 
And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, and make thereto a crown of gold round about. 
And thou shalt make unto it a border of an hand breadth round about, and thou shalt make a golden crown to the border thereof round about.
317,ch were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John: 
Who, when they were come down, prayed for them, that they might receive the Holy Ghost: 
(For as yet he was fallen upon none of them: only they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.) 
Then laid they thei
304,you, and all the saints. They of Italy salute you. 
Grace be with you all. Amen. 
James, a servant of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ, to the twelve tribes which are scattered abroad, greeting. 
My brethren, count it all joy when ye fall into divers temptations; 
Knowing this, that the trying of your f
332,to the battle, that the priest shall approach and speak unto the people, 
And shall say unto them, Hear, O Israel, ye approach this day unto battle against your enemies: let not your hearts faint, fear not, and do not tremble, neither be ye terrified because of them; 
For the LORD your God is he that goeth with you, to fight for y
319,one bread. 
Behold Israel after the flesh: are not they which eat of the sacrifices partakers of the altar? 
What say I then? that the idol is any thing, or that which is offered in sacrifice to idols is any thing? 
But I say, that the things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils, and not to God: and 
344,neath are the everlasting arms: and he shall thrust out the enemy from before thee; and shall say, Destroy them. 
Israel then shall dwell in safety alone: the fountain of Jacob shall be upon a land of corn and wine; also his heavens shall drop down dew. 
Happy art thou, O Israel: who is like unto thee, O people saved by the LORD, the shield o
344,, and for peace offerings, to make reconciliation for them, saith the Lord GOD. 
All the people of the land shall give this oblation for the prince in Israel. 
And it shall be the prince's part to give burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and drink offerings, in the feasts, and in the new moons, and in the sabbaths, in all solemnities of the 
313,oly: but all the people shall keep the watch of the LORD. 
And the Levites shall compass the king round about, every man with his weapons in his hand; and whosoever else cometh into the house, he shall be put to death: but be ye with the king when he cometh in, and when he goeth out. 
So the Levites and all Juda
333,g thee to honour, when thou dost embrace her. 
She shall give to thine head an ornament of grace: a crown of glory shall she deliver to thee. 
Hear, O my son, and receive my sayings; and the years of thy life shall be many. 
I have taught thee in the way of wisdom; I have led thee in right paths. 
When thou goest, thy steps shall n
340,five; 
Their camels, four hundred thirty and five; their asses, six thousand seven hundred and twenty. 
And some of the chief of the fathers, when they came to the house of the LORD which is at Jerusalem, offered freely for the house of God to set it up in his place: 
They gave after their ability unto the treasure of the work threescore 
350, and fifty thousand and three thousand and six hundred. 
And he set threescore and ten thousand of them to be bearers of burdens, and fourscore thousand to be hewers in the mountain, and three thousand and six hundred overseers to set the people a work. 
Then Solomon began to build the house of the LORD at Jerusalem in mount Moriah, where the Lord 
352,teth the words of the righteous. 
Also thou shalt not oppress a stranger: for ye know the heart of a stranger, seeing ye were strangers in the land of Egypt. 
And six years thou shalt sow thy land, and shalt gather in the fruits thereof: 
But the seventh year thou shalt let it rest and lie still; that the poor of thy people may eat: and what they lea
324,unto Rehum the chancellor, and to Shimshai the scribe, and to the rest of their companions that dwell in Samaria, and unto the rest beyond the river, Peace, and at such a time. 
The letter which ye sent unto us hath been plainly read before me. 
And I commanded, and search hath been made, and it is found that this city of 
327,own thy pitcher, I pray thee, that I may drink; and she shall say, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also: let the same be she that thou hast appointed for thy servant Isaac; and thereby shall I know that thou hast shewed kindness unto my master. 
And it came to pass, before he had done speaking, that, behold, Rebekah c
247,ilded for the LORD must be exceeding magnifical, of fame and of glory throughout all countries: I will therefore now make preparation for it. So David prepared abundantly before his death. 
Then he called for Solomon his son, and charged him to bu
283,n on the earth in the sight of men, 
And deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by a sword, and
250,elongeth to Judah, and pitched between Shochoh and Azekah, in Ephesdammim. 
And Saul and the men of Israel were gathered together, and pitched by the valley of Elah, and set the battle in array against the Philistines. 
And the Philistines stood on a
341,oth upon all loins, and baldness upon every head; and I will make it as the mourning of an only son, and the end thereof as a bitter day. 
Behold, the days come, saith the Lord GOD, that I will send a famine in the land, not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, but of hearing the words of the LORD: 
And they shall wander from sea to 
269, was a division among them. 
They say unto the blind man again, What sayest thou of him, that he hath opened thine eyes? He said, He is a prophet. 
But the Jews did not believe concerning him, that he had been blind, and received his sight, until they called the parent
257,t before the LORD. 
And Joshua, and all Israel with him, took Achan the son of Zerah, and the silver, and the garment, and the wedge of gold, and his sons, and his daughters, and his oxen, and his asses, and his sheep, and his tent, and all that he had: and
311, is near in the valley of decision. 
The sun and the moon shall be darkened, and the stars shall withdraw their shining. 
The LORD also shall roar out of Zion, and utter his voice from Jerusalem; and the heavens and the earth shall shake: but the LORD will be the hope of his people, and the strength of the chi
356, of the sword. 
But Joshua had said unto the two men that had spied out the country, Go into the harlot's house, and bring out thence the woman, and all that she hath, as ye sware unto her. 
And the young men that were spies went in, and brought out Rahab, and her father, and her mother, and her brethren, and all that she had; and they brought out all he
314,round about inward: and upon each post were palm trees. 
Then brought he me into the outward court, and, lo, there were chambers, and a pavement made for the court round about: thirty chambers were upon the pavement. 
And the pavement by the side of the gates over against the length of the gates was the lower pav
357,ee with the right hand of my righteousness. 
Behold, all they that were incensed against thee shall be ashamed and confounded: they shall be as nothing; and they that strive with thee shall perish. 
Thou shalt seek them, and shalt not find them, even them that contended with thee: they that war against thee shall be as nothing, and as a thing of nought. 

319,used to the wilderness, that snuffeth up the wind at her pleasure; in her occasion who can turn her away? all they that seek her will not weary themselves; in her month they shall find her. 
Withhold thy foot from being unshod, and thy throat from thirst: but thou saidst, There is no hope: no; for I have loved strange
264,very man according to his deeds: 
To them who by patient continuance in well doing seek for glory and honour and immortality, eternal life: 
But unto them that are contentious, and do not obey the truth, but obey unrighteousness, indignation and wrath, 
Tribulatio
261,arth. 
With him is strength and wisdom: the deceived and the deceiver are his. 
He leadeth counsellors away spoiled, and maketh the judges fools. 
He looseth the bond of kings, and girdeth their loins with a girdle. 
He leadeth princes away spoiled, and overthr
298, of those that spoiled them. 
Make no friendship with an angry man; and with a furious man thou shalt not go: 
Lest thou learn his ways, and get a snare to thy soul. 
Be not thou one of them that strike hands, or of them that are sureties for debts. 
If thou hast nothing to pay, why should he take
277,t my sanctuary in the midst of them for evermore. 
My tabernacle also shall be with them: yea, I will be their God, and they shall be my people. 
And the heathen shall know that I the LORD do sanctify Israel, when my sanctuary shall be in the midst of them for evermore. 
And t
245, proclaim and publish the free offerings: for this liketh you, O ye children of Israel, saith the Lord GOD. 
And I also have given you cleanness of teeth in all your cities, and want of bread in all your places: yet have ye not returned unto me,
243,pon the poor, and ye take from him burdens of wheat: ye have built houses of hewn stone, but ye shall not dwell in them; ye have planted pleasant vineyards, but ye shall not drink wine of them. 
For I know your manifold transgressions and your
255,of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. 
For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the LORD our God shall call. 
And with many ot
350,ory, and blessing. 
And every creature which is in heaven, and on the earth, and under the earth, and such as are in the sea, and all that are in them, heard I saying, Blessing, and honour, and glory, and power, be unto him that sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb for ever and ever. 
And the four beasts said, Amen. And the four and twenty el
270,e should serve himself of them, to wit, of a Jew his brother. 
Now when all the princes, and all the people, which had entered into the covenant, heard that every one should let his manservant, and every one his maidservant, go free, that none should serve themselves of
340,here is a time wherein one man ruleth over another to his own hurt. 
And so I saw the wicked buried, who had come and gone from the place of the holy, and they were forgotten in the city where they had so done: this is also vanity. 
Because sentence against an evil work is not executed speedily, therefore the heart of the sons of men is f
307,turned to Jerusalem. 
And the Spirit of God came upon Azariah the son of Oded: 
And he went out to meet Asa, and said unto him, Hear ye me, Asa, and all Judah and Benjamin; The LORD is with you, while ye be with him; and if ye seek him, he will be found of you; but if ye forsake him, he will forsake you. 

319,ught forth to the king of Babylon's princes, and those women shall say, Thy friends have set thee on, and have prevailed against thee: thy feet are sunk in the mire, and they are turned away back. 
So they shall bring out all thy wives and thy children to the Chaldeans: and thou shalt not escape out of their hand, but
255,r our speech by reason of darkness. 
Shall it be told him that I speak? if a man speak, surely he shall be swallowed up. 
And now men see not the bright light which is in the clouds: but the wind passeth, and cleanseth them. 
Fair weather cometh out of th
312,and fill the face of the world with fruit. 
Hath he smitten him, as he smote those that smote him? or is he slain according to the slaughter of them that are slain by him? 
In measure, when it shooteth forth, thou wilt debate with it: he stayeth his rough wind in the day of the east wind. 
By this therefore sha
261,ll speak with tongues, and there come in those that are unlearned, or unbelievers, will they not say that ye are mad? 
But if all prophesy, and there come in one that believeth not, or one unlearned, he is convinced of all, he is judged of all: 
And thus are th
289,brethren. 
And the damsel ran, and told them of her mother's house these things. 
And Rebekah had a brother, and his name was Laban: and Laban ran out unto the man, unto the well. 
And it came to pass, when he saw the earring and bracelets upon his sister's hands, and when he heard the wo
279,and Cyprus, and Antioch, preaching the word to none but unto the Jews only. 
And some of them were men of Cyprus and Cyrene, which, when they were come to Antioch, spake unto the Grecians, preaching the LORD Jesus. 
And the hand of the Lord was with them: and a great number beli
241,creeping thing that flieth is unclean unto you: they shall not be eaten. 
But of all clean fowls ye may eat. 
Ye shall not eat of anything that dieth of itself: thou shalt give it unto the stranger that is in thy gates, that he may eat it; o
266,ire seven years: 
So that they shall take no wood out of the field, neither cut down any out of the forests; for they shall burn the weapons with fire: and they shall spoil those that spoiled them, and rob those that robbed them, saith the Lord GOD. 
And it shall co
335,r the flesh, all that be clean shall eat thereof. 
But the soul that eateth of the flesh of the sacrifice of peace offerings, that pertain unto the LORD, having his uncleanness upon him, even that soul shall be cut off from his people. 
Moreover the soul that shall touch any unclean thing, as the uncleanness of man, or any unclean be
263, 
Behold, I have done according to thy words: lo, I have given thee a wise and an understanding heart; so that there was none like thee before thee, neither after thee shall any arise like unto thee. 
And I have also given thee that which thou hast not asked, bot
261,is the man without the woman, neither the woman without the man, in the Lord. 
For as the woman is of the man, even so is the man also by the woman; but all things of God. 
Judge in yourselves: is it comely that a woman pray unto God uncovered? 
Doth not even n
293,r of darkness. 
Then took they him, and led him, and brought him into the high priest's house. And Peter followed afar off. 
And when they had kindled a fire in the midst of the hall, and were set down together, Peter sat down among them. 
But a certain maid beheld him as he sat by the fire, 
274,es of the altar as chalkstones that are beaten in sunder, the groves and images shall not stand up. 
Yet the defenced city shall be desolate, and the habitation forsaken, and left like a wilderness: there shall the calf feed, and there shall he lie down, and consume the bra
331,ad. 
O how I love thy law! it is my meditation all the day. 
Thou through thy commandments hast made me wiser than mine enemies: for they are ever with me. 
I have more understanding than all my teachers: for thy testimonies are my meditation. 
I understand more than the ancients, because I keep thy precepts. 
I have refrained my
281, they have borne their shame, and all their trespasses whereby they have trespassed against me, when they dwelt safely in their land, and none made them afraid. 
When I have brought them again from the people, and gathered them out of their enemies' lands, and am sanctified in the
245,I will gather them that are sorrowful for the solemn assembly, who are of thee, to whom the reproach of it was a burden. 
Behold, at that time I will undo all that afflict thee: and I will save her that halteth, and gather her that was driven ou
281, every side: 
Neither shewed they kindness to the house of Jerubbaal, namely, Gideon, according to all the goodness which he had shewed unto Israel. 
And Abimelech the son of Jerubbaal went to Shechem unto his mother's brethren, and communed with them, and with all the family of t
303,f them held the spears from the rising of the morning till the stars appeared. 
Likewise at the same time said I unto the people, Let every one with his servant lodge within Jerusalem, that in the night they may be a guard to us, and labour on the day. 
So neither I, nor my brethren, nor my servants, n
333,st it, because of the sword, and of the famine, and of the pestilence: and what thou hast spoken is come to pass; and, behold, thou seest it. 
And thou hast said unto me, O Lord GOD, Buy thee the field for money, and take witnesses; for the city is given into the hand of the Chaldeans. 
Then came the word of the LORD unto Jeremiah,
325, beginning, being caused to fly swiftly, touched me about the time of the evening oblation. 
And he informed me, and talked with me, and said, O Daniel, I am now come forth to give thee skill and understanding. 
At the beginning of thy supplications the commandment came forth, and I am come to shew thee; for thou art greatl
310, he, and his children, in the midst of Israel. 
The priests the Levites, and all the tribe of Levi, shall have no part nor inheritance with Israel: they shall eat the offerings of the LORD made by fire, and his inheritance. 
Therefore shall they have no inheritance among their brethren: the LORD is their inhe
304,osoever maketh himself a king speaketh against Caesar. 
When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he brought Jesus forth, and sat down in the judgment seat in a place that is called the Pavement, but in the Hebrew, Gabbatha. 
And it was the preparation of the passover, and about the sixth hour: and he sa
283,to hear, let him hear. 
And the disciples came, and said unto him, Why speakest thou unto them in parables? 
He answered and said unto them, Because it is given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, but to them it is not given. 
For whosoever hath, to him shall be
349,t Methuselah: 
And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years, and begat sons and daughters: 
And all the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty and five years: 
And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him. 
And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, and begat Lamech. 
And Methuselah lived afte
272, unto Azal: yea, ye shall flee, like as ye fled from before the earthquake in the days of Uzziah king of Judah: and the LORD my God shall come, and all the saints with thee. 
And it shall come to pass in that day, that the light shall not be clear, nor dark: 
But it shall
265,round it to powder, and strawed it upon the water, and made the children of Israel drink of it. 
And Moses said unto Aaron, What did this people unto thee, that thou hast brought so great a sin upon them? 
And Aaron said, Let not the anger of my lord wax hot: thou 
321,hat he came down with an ephod in his hand. 
And it was told Saul that David was come to Keilah. And Saul said, God hath delivered him into mine hand; for he is shut in, by entering into a town that hath gates and bars. 
And Saul called all the people together to war, to go down to Keilah, to besiege David and his men. 
245, will, working in you that which is wellpleasing in his sight, through Jesus Christ; to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen. 
And I beseech you, brethren, suffer the word of exhortation: for I have written a letter unto you in few words. 
Know
312, bond wherewith she hath bound her soul shall stand. 
But if her father disallow her in the day that he heareth; not any of her vows, or of her bonds wherewith she hath bound her soul, shall stand: and the LORD shall forgive her, because her father disallowed her. 
And if she had at all an husband, when she vow
310, they arose out of Midian, and came to Paran: and they took men with them out of Paran, and they came to Egypt, unto Pharaoh king of Egypt; which gave him an house, and appointed him victuals, and gave him land. 
And Hadad found great favour in the sight of Pharaoh, so that he gave him to wife the sister of h
283, the fold, and there shall be no herd in the stalls: 
Yet I will rejoice in the LORD, I will joy in the God of my salvation. 
The LORD God is my strength, and he will make my feet like hinds' feet, and he will make me to walk upon mine high places. To the chief singer on my stringed
294,onfident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ: 
Even as it is meet for me to think this of you all, because I have you in my heart; inasmuch as both in my bonds, and in the defence and confirmation of the gospel, ye all a
245,eed of the land, and planted it in a fruitful field; he placed it by great waters, and set it as a willow tree. 
And it grew, and became a spreading vine of low stature, whose branches turned toward him, and the roots thereof were under him: so 
349,fire, and went not up into the mount;) saying, 
I am the LORD thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage. 
Thou shalt have none other gods before me. 
Thou shalt not make thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the waters beneat
262,on's sons, shall bring the blood, and sprinkle the blood round about upon the altar that is by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And he shall flay the burnt offering, and cut it into his pieces. 
And the sons of Aaron the priest shall put fire upo
332,at shall come to pass hereafter: and the dream is certain, and the interpretation thereof sure. 
Then the king Nebuchadnezzar fell upon his face, and worshipped Daniel, and commanded that they should offer an oblation and sweet odours unto him. 
The king answered unto Daniel, and said, Of a truth it is, that your God is a God of g
258, he sent her away for two months: and she went with her companions, and bewailed her virginity upon the mountains. 
And it came to pass at the end of two months, that she returned unto her father, who did with her according to his vow which he had vowed: and
283,m throughout all the host shields, and spears, and helmets, and habergeons, and bows, and slings to cast stones. 
And he made in Jerusalem engines, invented by cunning men, to be on the towers and upon the bulwarks, to shoot arrows and great stones withal. And his name spread far ab
277,ings; and the opening of my lips shall be right things. 
For my mouth shall speak truth; and wickedness is an abomination to my lips. 
All the words of my mouth are in righteousness; there is nothing froward or perverse in them. 
They are all plain to him that understandeth, a
318, the counsel of the LORD, that he hath taken against Edom; and his purposes, that he hath purposed against the inhabitants of Teman: Surely the least of the flock shall draw them out: surely he shall make their habitations desolate with them. 
The earth is moved at the noise of their fall, at the cry the noise thereo
345,arment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in a skin, or in any work that is made of skin; the plague is a fretting leprosy; it is unclean. 
He shall therefore burn that garment, whether warp or woof, in woollen or in linen, or any thing of skin, wherein the plague is: for it is a fretting leprosy; it shall be burnt in the fire. 
And if th
304,? can faith save him? 
If a brother or sister be naked, and destitute of daily food, 
And one of you say unto them, Depart in peace, be ye warmed and filled; notwithstanding ye give them not those things which are needful to the body; what doth it profit? 
Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, b
333, hath to my hand; 
There is none greater in this house than I; neither hath he kept back any thing from me but thee, because thou art his wife: how then can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God? 
And it came to pass, as she spake to Joseph day by day, that he hearkened not unto her, to lie by her, or to be with her. 
And
240,nner of conversation; 
Because it is written, Be ye holy; for I am holy. 
And if ye call on the Father, who without respect of persons judgeth according to every man's work, pass the time of your sojourning here in fear: 
Forasmuch as ye kn
284,rother Philip's wife: for he had married her. 
For John had said unto Herod, It is not lawful for thee to have thy brother's wife. 
Therefore Herodias had a quarrel against him, and would have killed him; but she could not: 
For Herod feared John, knowing that he was a just man and a
339,manded the Levites that they should cleanse themselves, and that they should come and keep the gates, to sanctify the sabbath day. Remember me, O my God, concerning this also, and spare me according to the greatness of thy mercy. 
In those days also saw I Jews that had married wives of Ashdod, of Ammon, and of Moab: 
And their children s
295, brethren, Simon called Peter, and Andrew his brother, casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers. 
And he saith unto them, Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men. 
And they straightway left their nets, and followed him. 
And going on from thence, he saw other two brethren, James 
322,sent unto him the elders of the Jews, beseeching him that he would come and heal his servant. 
And when they came to Jesus, they besought him instantly, saying, That he was worthy for whom he should do this: 
For he loveth our nation, and he hath built us a synagogue. 
Then Jesus went with them. And when he was now not f
341,tions may know themselves to be but men. Selah. 
Why standest thou afar off, O LORD? why hidest thou thyself in times of trouble? 
The wicked in his pride doth persecute the poor: let them be taken in the devices that they have imagined. 
For the wicked boasteth of his heart's desire, and blesseth the covetous, whom the LORD abhorreth. 
Th
321,y of salvation have I helped thee: and I will preserve thee, and give thee for a covenant of the people, to establish the earth, to cause to inherit the desolate heritages; 
That thou mayest say to the prisoners, Go forth; to them that are in darkness, Shew yourselves. They shall feed in the ways, and their pastures sha
342, salvation, but it is far off from us. 
For our transgressions are multiplied before thee, and our sins testify against us: for our transgressions are with us; and as for our iniquities, we know them; 
In transgressing and lying against the LORD, and departing away from our God, speaking oppression and revolt, conceiving and uttering from t
343,gat Nathan, and Nathan begat Zabad, 
And Zabad begat Ephlal, and Ephlal begat Obed, 
And Obed begat Jehu, and Jehu begat Azariah, 
And Azariah begat Helez, and Helez begat Eleasah, 
And Eleasah begat Sisamai, and Sisamai begat Shallum, 
And Shallum begat Jekamiah, and Jekamiah begat Elishama. 
Now the sons of Caleb the brother of Jerahmeel w
246,he east of Bethel, and pitched his tent, having Bethel on the west, and Hai on the east: and there he builded an altar unto the LORD, and called upon the name of the LORD. 
And Abram journeyed, going on still toward the south. 
And there was a fa
294,Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, that they bring me an offering: of every man that giveth it willingly with his heart ye shall take my offering. 
And this is the offering which ye shall take of them; gold, and silver, and brass, 
And blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine li
272,l with the towns thereof, and Jeshanah with the towns thereof, and Ephraim with the towns thereof. 
Neither did Jeroboam recover strength again in the days of Abijah: and the LORD struck him, and he died. 
But Abijah waxed mighty, and married fourteen wives, and begat twe
323,nd commanded that they should be put to death. And he went down from Judaea to Caesarea, and there abode. 
And Herod was highly displeased with them of Tyre and Sidon: but they came with one accord to him, and, having made Blastus the king's chamberlain their friend, desired peace; because their country was nourished by t
248, it, and on the four corners of the settle, and upon the border round about: thus shalt thou cleanse and purge it. 
Thou shalt take the bullock also of the sin offering, and he shall burn it in the appointed place of the house, without the sanctuar
258,when they had gone a little further, they sounded again, and found it fifteen fathoms. 
Then fearing lest we should have fallen upon rocks, they cast four anchors out of the stern, and wished for the day. 
And as the shipmen were about to flee out of the shi
299,refore hath the LORD pronounced all this great evil against us? or what is our iniquity? or what is our sin that we have committed against the LORD our God? 
Then shalt thou say unto them, Because your fathers have forsaken me, saith the LORD, and have walked after other gods, and have served them,
271,he officers of the people, saying, 
Pass through the host, and command the people, saying, Prepare you victuals; for within three days ye shall pass over this Jordan, to go in to possess the land, which the LORD your God giveth you to possess it. 
And to the Reubenites, 
343, and made toward shore. 
And falling into a place where two seas met, they ran the ship aground; and the forepart stuck fast, and remained unmoveable, but the hinder part was broken with the violence of the waves. 
And the soldiers' counsel was to kill the prisoners, lest any of them should swim out, and escape. 
But the centurion, willing t
335, morning appeared; and the Egyptians fled against it; and the LORD overthrew the Egyptians in the midst of the sea. 
And the waters returned, and covered the chariots, and the horsemen, and all the host of Pharaoh that came into the sea after them; there remained not so much as one of them. 
But the children of Israel walked upon dry
261,ll be weakened from the work, that it be not done. Now therefore, O God, strengthen my hands. 
Afterward I came unto the house of Shemaiah the son of Delaiah the son of Mehetabeel, who was shut up; and he said, Let us meet together in the house of God, within t
344, chains, and their nobles with fetters of iron; 
To execute upon them the judgment written: this honour have all his saints. Praise ye the LORD. 
Praise ye the LORD. Praise God in his sanctuary: praise him in the firmament of his power. 
Praise him for his mighty acts: praise him according to his excellent greatness. 
Praise him with the soun
315,aptize you with the Holy Ghost, and with fire: 
Whose fan is in his hand, and he will throughly purge his floor, and gather his wheat into the garner; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire. 
Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John, to be baptized of him. 
But John forbad him, saying, I ha
357,oses were, Gershom, and Eliezer. 
Of the sons of Gershom, Shebuel was the chief. 
And the sons of Eliezer were, Rehabiah the chief. And Eliezer had none other sons; but the sons of Rehabiah were very many. 
Of the sons of Izhar; Shelomith the chief. 
Of the sons of Hebron; Jeriah the first, Amariah the second, Jahaziel the third, and Jekameam the fourth. 
268,rs that were in the four feet thereof. 
Over against the border were the rings, the places for the staves to bear the table. 
And he made the staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold, to bear the table. 
And he made the vessels which were upon the table, hi
345,ce? (I speak as a man) 
God forbid: for then how shall God judge the world? 
For if the truth of God hath more abounded through my lie unto his glory; why yet am I also judged as a sinner? 
And not rather, (as we be slanderously reported, and as some affirm that we say,) Let us do evil, that good may come? whose damnation is just. 
What then? 
325,n that stood with him. 
And it came to pass, as they departed from him, Peter said unto Jesus, Master, it is good for us to be here: and let us make three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias: not knowing what he said. 
While he thus spake, there came a cloud, and overshadowed them: and they feare
283,lood, and slew their fish. 
Their land brought forth frogs in abundance, in the chambers of their kings. 
He spake, and there came divers sorts of flies, and lice in all their coasts. 
He gave them hail for rain, and flaming fire in their land. 
He smote their vines also and their f
344,t before the king, except the gods, whose dwelling is not with flesh. 
For this cause the king was angry and very furious, and commanded to destroy all the wise men of Babylon. 
And the decree went forth that the wise men should be slain; and they sought Daniel and his fellows to be slain. 
Then Daniel answered with counsel and wisdom to Ario
314,swers for wicked men. 
For he addeth rebellion unto his sin, he clappeth his hands among us, and multiplieth his words against God. 
Elihu spake moreover, and said, 
Thinkest thou this to be right, that thou saidst, My righteousness is more than God's? 
For thou saidst, What advantage will it be unto thee? and, W
335, from the mouth of the LORD. 
And he also rebelled against king Nebuchadnezzar, who had made him swear by God: but he stiffened his neck, and hardened his heart from turning unto the LORD God of Israel. 
Moreover all the chief of the priests, and the people, transgressed very much after all the abominations of the heathen; and pollut
249,poken against; 
(Yea, a sword shall pierce through thy own soul also,) that the thoughts of many hearts may be revealed. 
And there was one Anna, a prophetess, the daughter of Phanuel, of the tribe of Aser: she was of a great age, and had lived with
336,
I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish. 
Or those eighteen, upon whom the tower in Siloam fell, and slew them, think ye that they were sinners above all men that dwelt in Jerusalem? 
I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish. 
He spake also this parable; A certain man had a fig
344,not deliver him in the day of his transgression: as for the wickedness of the wicked, he shall not fall thereby in the day that he turneth from his wickedness; neither shall the righteous be able to live for his righteousness in the day that he sinneth. 
When I shall say to the righteous, that he shall surely live; if he trust to his own righ
249,ou art undone, O people of Chemosh: he hath given his sons that escaped, and his daughters, into captivity unto Sihon king of the Amorites. 
We have shot at them; Heshbon is perished even unto Dibon, and we have laid them waste even unto Nophah, whi
242,dan the son of Gideoni. 
And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were thirty and five thousand and four hundred. 
All that were numbered of the camp of Ephraim were an hundred thousand and eight thousand and an hundred, throughout
293, heart and with all their soul in the land of their captivity, whither they have carried them captives, and pray toward their land, which thou gavest unto their fathers, and toward the city which thou hast chosen, and toward the house which I have built for thy name: 
Then hear thou from the 
303, their families; for the children of Abiezer, and for the children of Helek, and for the children of Asriel, and for the children of Shechem, and for the children of Hepher, and for the children of Shemida: these were the male children of Manasseh the son of Joseph by their families. 
But Zelophehad, t
322,dark? and thy righteousness in the land of forgetfulness? 
But unto thee have I cried, O LORD; and in the morning shall my prayer prevent thee. 
LORD, why castest thou off my soul? why hidest thou thy face from me? 
I am afflicted and ready to die from my youth up: while I suffer thy terrors I am distracted. 
Thy fierce 
336,ered him, The LORD bless thee. 
Then said Boaz unto his servant that was set over the reapers, Whose damsel is this? 
And the servant that was set over the reapers answered and said, It is the Moabitish damsel that came back with Naomi out of the country of Moab: 
And she said, I pray you, let me glean and gather after the reapers amo
309,ved. 
And the men took that present, and they took double money in their hand and Benjamin; and rose up, and went down to Egypt, and stood before Joseph. 
And when Joseph saw Benjamin with them, he said to the ruler of his house, Bring these men home, and slay, and make ready; for these men shall dine with m
356,saith the Lord GOD to Tyrus; Shall not the isles shake at the sound of thy fall, when the wounded cry, when the slaughter is made in the midst of thee? 
Then all the princes of the sea shall come down from their thrones, and lay away their robes, and put off their broidered garments: they shall clothe themselves with trembling; they shall sit upon the gr
269,s statutes, and keep his laws. Praise ye the LORD. 
Praise ye the LORD. O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
Who can utter the mighty acts of the LORD? who can shew forth all his praise? 
Blessed are they that keep judgment, an
301,them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here. 
The men of Nineve shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas
315,d before the altar of the LORD in the presence of all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hands toward heaven: 
And he said, LORD God of Israel, there is no God like thee, in heaven above, or on earth beneath, who keepest covenant and mercy with thy servants that walk before thee with all their heart:
274,and every living creature that is with you, for perpetual generations: 
I do set my bow in the cloud, and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth. 
And it shall come to pass, when I bring a cloud over the earth, that the bow shall be seen in the cloud
256,whither thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land; for I will not leave thee, until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of. 
And Jacob awaked out of his sleep, and he said, Surely the LORD is in this place; and I knew it not. 
And he wa
264,was not stedfast with God. 
The children of Ephraim, being armed, and carrying bows, turned back in the day of battle. 
They kept not the covenant of God, and refused to walk in his law; 
And forgat his works, and his wonders that he had shewed them. 
Marvellous t
264, ye? rise and pray, lest ye enter into temptation. 
And while he yet spake, behold a multitude, and he that was called Judas, one of the twelve, went before them, and drew near unto Jesus to kiss him. 
But Jesus said unto him, Judas, betrayest thou the Son of man 
341,ain made of sins every year. 
For it is not possible that the blood of bulls and of goats should take away sins. 
Wherefore when he cometh into the world, he saith, Sacrifice and offering thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me: 
In burnt offerings and sacrifices for sin thou hast had no pleasure. 
Then said I, Lo, I come (in t
356,cked. 
Intreat the LORD (for it is enough) that there be no more mighty thunderings and hail; and I will let you go, and ye shall stay no longer. 
And Moses said unto him, As soon as I am gone out of the city, I will spread abroad my hands unto the LORD; and the thunder shall cease, neither shall there be any more hail; that thou mayest know how that the
304, home with me, and refresh thyself, and I will give thee a reward. 
And the man of God said unto the king, If thou wilt give me half thine house, I will not go in with thee, neither will I eat bread nor drink water in this place: 
For so was it charged me by the word of the LORD, saying, Eat no bread, n
240,rust: let me never be put to confusion. 
Deliver me in thy righteousness, and cause me to escape: incline thine ear unto me, and save me. 
Be thou my strong habitation, whereunto I may continually resort: thou hast given commandment to save
328,d of the LORD unto Bethel: and Jeroboam stood by the altar to burn incense. 
And he cried against the altar in the word of the LORD, and said, O altar, altar, thus saith the LORD; Behold, a child shall be born unto the house of David, Josiah by name; and upon thee shall he offer the priests of the high places that burn incense
337,ms, and gave up the ghost. 
But the word of God grew and multiplied. 
And Barnabas and Saul returned from Jerusalem, when they had fulfilled their ministry, and took with them John, whose surname was Mark. 
Now there were in the church that was at Antioch certain prophets and teachers; as Barnabas, and Simeon that was called Niger, and
