1000
293,from such withdraw thyself. 
But godliness with contentment is great gain. 
For we brought nothing into this world, and it is certain we can carry nothing out. 
And having food and raiment let us be therewith content. 
But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and into many
271,the idol's temple, shall not the conscience of him which is weak be emboldened to eat those things which are offered to idols; 
And through thy knowledge shall the weak brother perish, for whom Christ died? 
But when ye sin so against the brethren, and wound their weak c
241,, and come now: for I cannot find one wise man among you. 
My days are past, my purposes are broken off, even the thoughts of my heart. 
They change the night into day: the light is short because of darkness. 
If I wait, the grave is mine ho
315,es, From all places whence ye shall return unto us they will be upon you. 
Therefore set I in the lower places behind the wall, and on the higher places, I even set the people after their families with their swords, their spears, and their bows. 
And I looked, and rose up, and said unto the nobles, and to the rule
277,squares thereof. 
And the settle shall be fourteen cubits long and fourteen broad in the four squares thereof; and the border about it shall be half a cubit; and the bottom thereof shall be a cubit about; and his stairs shall look toward the east. 
And he said unto me, Son of 
298,her, is in darkness even until now. 
He that loveth his brother abideth in the light, and there is none occasion of stumbling in him. 
But he that hateth his brother is in darkness, and walketh in darkness, and knoweth not whither he goeth, because that darkness hath blinded his eyes. 
I write unt
327,e, and said, 
Therefore do my thoughts cause me to answer, and for this I make haste. 
I have heard the check of my reproach, and the spirit of my understanding causeth me to answer. 
Knowest thou not this of old, since man was placed upon earth, 
That the triumphing of the wicked is short, and the joy of the hypocrite but fo
354, the king said, Tarry at Jericho until your beards be grown, and then return. 
And when the children of Ammon saw that they had made themselves odious to David, Hanun and the children of Ammon sent a thousand talents of silver to hire them chariots and horsemen out of Mesopotamia, and out of Syriamaachah, and out of Zobah. 
So they hired thirty and two
360,the stars shall withdraw their shining. 
The LORD also shall roar out of Zion, and utter his voice from Jerusalem; and the heavens and the earth shall shake: but the LORD will be the hope of his people, and the strength of the children of Israel. 
So shall ye know that I am the LORD your God dwelling in Zion, my holy mountain: then shall Jerusalem be holy, a
274, wrath of the LORD is upon you. 
Then certain of the heads of the children of Ephraim, Azariah the son of Johanan, Berechiah the son of Meshillemoth, and Jehizkiah the son of Shallum, and Amasa the son of Hadlai, stood up against them that came from the war, 
And said unto 
277,roof about three thousand men and women, that beheld while Samson made sport. 
And Samson called unto the LORD, and said, O Lord God, remember me, I pray thee, and strengthen me, I pray thee, only this once, O God, that I may be at once avenged of the Philistines for my two ey
290, the first month, on the fifteenth day of the first month; on the morrow after the passover the children of Israel went out with an high hand in the sight of all the Egyptians. 
For the Egyptians buried all their firstborn, which the LORD had smitten among them: upon their gods also the LO
318,phas, being the high priest that same year, said unto them, Ye know nothing at all, 
Nor consider that it is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not. 
And this spake he not of himself: but being high priest that year, he prophesied that Jesus should die for that 
242,ee for a light to the Gentiles, that thou mayest be my salvation unto the end of the earth. 
Thus saith the LORD, the Redeemer of Israel, and his Holy One, to him whom man despiseth, to him whom the nation abhorreth, to a servant of rulers, K
254,d is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned. 
And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues; 
They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly
274,e: this is also vanity. 
Because sentence against an evil work is not executed speedily, therefore the heart of the sons of men is fully set in them to do evil. 
Though a sinner do evil an hundred times, and his days be prolonged, yet surely I know that it shall be well wit
344,ltitude, there came to him a certain man, kneeling down to him, and saying, 
Lord, have mercy on my son: for he is lunatick, and sore vexed: for ofttimes he falleth into the fire, and oft into the water. 
And I brought him to thy disciples, and they could not cure him. 
Then Jesus answered and said, O faithless and perverse generation, how lo
267,ision. 
Therefore if the uncircumcision keep the righteousness of the law, shall not his uncircumcision be counted for circumcision? 
And shall not uncircumcision which is by nature, if it fulfil the law, judge thee, who by the letter and circumcision dost transgress
344,ut the camp, saying, Let neither man nor woman make any more work for the offering of the sanctuary. So the people were restrained from bringing. 
For the stuff they had was sufficient for all the work to make it, and too much. 
And every wise hearted man among them that wrought the work of the tabernacle made ten curtains of fine twined line
273,looked, and, behold, ye had sinned against the LORD your God, and had made you a molten calf: ye had turned aside quickly out of the way which the LORD had commanded you. 
And I took the two tables, and cast them out of my two hands, and brake them before your eyes. 
And I
256,ashamed; but let him glorify God on this behalf. 
For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God? 
And if the righteous scarcely be saved, where 
332, sent the serjeants, saying, Let those men go. 
And the keeper of the prison told this saying to Paul, The magistrates have sent to let you go: now therefore depart, and go in peace. 
But Paul said unto them, They have beaten us openly uncondemned, being Romans, and have cast us into prison; and now do they thrust us out privily? 
250,t enlarged me when I was in distress; have mercy upon me, and hear my prayer. 
O ye sons of men, how long will ye turn my glory into shame? how long will ye love vanity, and seek after leasing? Selah. 
But know that the LORD hath set apart him that i
286,the hand of her lovers, into the hand of the Assyrians, upon whom she doted. 
These discovered her nakedness: they took her sons and her daughters, and slew her with the sword: and she became famous among women; for they had executed judgment upon her. 
And when her sister Aholibah saw
244,wards we will speak. 
Wherefore are we counted as beasts, and reputed vile in your sight? 
He teareth himself in his anger: shall the earth be forsaken for thee? and shall the rock be removed out of his place? 
Yea, the light of the wicked shal
288,e was come down from the mountain, great multitudes followed him. 
And, behold, there came a leper and worshipped him, saying, Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me clean. 
And Jesus put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will; be thou clean. And immediately his leprosy was clea
299,nd a winebibber, a friend of publicans and sinners! 
But wisdom is justified of all her children. 
And one of the Pharisees desired him that he would eat with him. And he went into the Pharisee's house, and sat down to meat. 
And, behold, a woman in the city, which was a sinner, when she knew that 
269,is. 
The man answered and said unto them, Why herein is a marvellous thing, that ye know not from whence he is, and yet he hath opened mine eyes. 
Now we know that God heareth not sinners: but if any man be a worshipper of God, and doeth his will, him he heareth. 
Sinc
357,d about. 
As the appearance of the bow that is in the cloud in the day of rain, so was the appearance of the brightness round about. This was the appearance of the likeness of the glory of the LORD. And when I saw it, I fell upon my face, and I heard a voice of one that spake. 
And he said unto me, Son of man, stand upon thy feet, and I will speak unto th
320,d he sent away the multitude, and took ship, and came into the coasts of Magdala. 
The Pharisees also with the Sadducees came, and tempting desired him that he would shew them a sign from heaven. 
He answered and said unto them, When it is evening, ye say, It will be fair weather: for the sky is red. 
And in the mornin
302,f them that ministered unto him, Timotheus and Erastus; but he himself stayed in Asia for a season. 
And the same time there arose no small stir about that way. 
For a certain man named Demetrius, a silversmith, which made silver shrines for Diana, brought no small gain unto the craftsmen; 
Whom he ca
289,th, he must continue a short space. 
And the beast that was, and is not, even he is the eighth, and is of the seven, and goeth into perdition. 
And the ten horns which thou sawest are ten kings, which have received no kingdom as yet; but receive power as kings one hour with the beast. 
Th
360, even great and fair, without inhabitant. 
Yea, ten acres of vineyard shall yield one bath, and the seed of an homer shall yield an ephah. 
Woe unto them that rise up early in the morning, that they may follow strong drink; that continue until night, till wine inflame them! 
And the harp, and the viol, the tabret, and pipe, and wine, are in their feasts: but
331,her was there ought missing unto them, all the while they were in Carmel. 
Ask thy young men, and they will shew thee. Wherefore let the young men find favour in thine eyes: for we come in a good day: give, I pray thee, whatsoever cometh to thine hand unto thy servants, and to thy son David. 
And when David's young men came, they
329,RD; for very great are his mercies: but let me not fall into the hand of man. 
So the LORD sent pestilence upon Israel: and there fell of Israel seventy thousand men. 
And God sent an angel unto Jerusalem to destroy it: and as he was destroying, the LORD beheld, and he repented him of the evil, and said to the angel that destro
274,ll dispossess the inhabitants of the land, and dwell therein: for I have given you the land to possess it. 
And ye shall divide the land by lot for an inheritance among your families: and to the more ye shall give the more inheritance, and to the fewer ye shall give the les
277,horns, and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy. 
And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion: and the dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authori
359,if she had at all an husband, when she vowed, or uttered ought out of her lips, wherewith she bound her soul; 
And her husband heard it, and held his peace at her in the day that he heard it: then her vows shall stand, and her bonds wherewith she bound her soul shall stand. 
But if her husband disallowed her on the day that he heard it; then he shall make h
271,d so get them up out of the land. 
Therefore they did set over them taskmasters to afflict them with their burdens. And they built for Pharaoh treasure cities, Pithom and Raamses. 
But the more they afflicted them, the more they multiplied and grew. And they were grieved
327,ommune with him. 
And the sons of Jacob came out of the field when they heard it: and the men were grieved, and they were very wroth, because he had wrought folly in Israel in lying with Jacob's daughter: which thing ought not to be done. 
And Hamor communed with them, saying, The soul of my son Shechem longeth for your daugh
274, Philistines was a full year and four months. 
And David and his men went up, and invaded the Geshurites, and the Gezrites, and the Amalekites: for those nations were of old the inhabitants of the land, as thou goest to Shur, even unto the land of Egypt. 
And David smote th
348,us speaketh Benhadad, saying, Although I have sent unto thee, saying, Thou shalt deliver me thy silver, and thy gold, and thy wives, and thy children; 
Yet I will send my servants unto thee to morrow about this time, and they shall search thine house, and the houses of thy servants; and it shall be, that whatsoever is pleasant in thine eyes, they
263,e it upon the mercy seat, and before the mercy seat: 
And he shall make an atonement for the holy place, because of the uncleanness of the children of Israel, and because of their transgressions in all their sins: and so shall he do for the tabernacle of the cong
291,I should not go in unto that good land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance: 
But I must die in this land, I must not go over Jordan: but ye shall go over, and possess that good land. 
Take heed unto yourselves, lest ye forget the covenant of the LORD your God, which he ma
350,ll dwell with us. 
And unto Hamor and unto Shechem his son hearkened all that went out of the gate of his city; and every male was circumcised, all that went out of the gate of his city. 
And it came to pass on the third day, when they were sore, that two of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, Dinah's brethren, took each man his sword, and came upo
331,s, and are not, and hast found them liars: 
And hast borne, and hast patience, and for my name's sake hast laboured, and hast not fainted. 
Nevertheless I have somewhat against thee, because thou hast left thy first love. 
Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen, and repent, and do the first works; or else I will come unto
336,ords; 
Then shalt thou say, O LORD, thou hast spoken against this place, to cut it off, that none shall remain in it, neither man nor beast, but that it shall be desolate for ever. 
And it shall be, when thou hast made an end of reading this book, that thou shalt bind a stone to it, and cast it into the midst of Euphrates: 
And thou s
246,
For he served Baal, and worshipped him, and provoked to anger the LORD God of Israel, according to all that his father had done. 
Adam, Sheth, Enosh, 
Kenan, Mahalaleel, Jered, 
Henoch, Methuselah, Lamech, 
Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth. 
The son
337,ent for thee to go, thither go. 
Now while he was not yet gone back, he said, Go back also to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan, whom the king of Babylon hath made governor over the cities of Judah, and dwell with him among the people: or go wheresoever it seemeth convenient unto thee to go. So the captain of the guard gave
259, 
It is he that sitteth upon the circle of the earth, and the inhabitants thereof are as grasshoppers; that stretcheth out the heavens as a curtain, and spreadeth them out as a tent to dwell in: 
That bringeth the princes to nothing; he maketh the judges of t
282,ed men. 
He mocketh at fear, and is not affrighted; neither turneth he back from the sword. 
The quiver rattleth against him, the glittering spear and the shield. 
He swalloweth the ground with fierceness and rage: neither believeth he that it is the sound of the trumpet. 
He saith
321, dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, and some to shame and everlasting contempt. 
And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever. 
But thou, O Daniel, shut up the words, and seal the book, even to the time
360,of the earth, for fear of the LORD, and for the glory of his majesty, when he ariseth to shake terribly the earth. 
In that day a man shall cast his idols of silver, and his idols of gold, which they made each one for himself to worship, to the moles and to the bats; 
To go into the clefts of the rocks, and into the tops of the ragged rocks, for fear of the 
307,when he began to reign, and he reigned forty years. 
In Hebron he reigned over Judah seven years and six months: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years over all Israel and Judah. 
And the king and his men went to Jerusalem unto the Jebusites, the inhabitants of the land: which spake unto David,
274,tiplied, what doest thou unto him? 
If thou be righteous, what givest thou him? or what receiveth he of thine hand? 
Thy wickedness may hurt a man as thou art; and thy righteousness may profit the son of man. 
By reason of the multitude of oppressions they make the oppresse
246,wash: and I went and washed, and I received sight. 
Then said they unto him, Where is he? He said, I know not. 
They brought to the Pharisees him that aforetime was blind. 
And it was the sabbath day when Jesus made the clay, and opened his eyes.
289,th the heathen, shall not he correct? he that teacheth man knowledge, shall not he know? 
The LORD knoweth the thoughts of man, that they are vanity. 
Blessed is the man whom thou chastenest, O LORD, and teachest him out of thy law; 
That thou mayest give him rest from the days of adversi
343,and there rose up fire out of the rock, and consumed the flesh and the unleavened cakes. Then the angel of the LORD departed out of his sight. 
And when Gideon perceived that he was an angel of the LORD, Gideon said, Alas, O LORD God! for because I have seen an angel of the LORD face to face. 
And the LORD said unto him, Peace be unto thee; 
312,ievously vexed with a devil. 
But he answered her not a word. And his disciples came and besought him, saying, Send her away; for she crieth after us. 
But he answered and said, I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house of Israel. 
Then came she and worshipped him, saying, Lord, help me. 
But he answer
273,ewed thee, O man, what is good; and what doth the LORD require of thee, but to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God? 
The LORD's voice crieth unto the city, and the man of wisdom shall see thy name: hear ye the rod, and who hath appointed it. 
Are 
255,ncubine, bare Haran, and Moza, and Gazez: and Haran begat Gazez. 
And the sons of Jahdai; Regem, and Jotham, and Gesham, and Pelet, and Ephah, and Shaaph. 
Maachah, Caleb's concubine, bare Sheber, and Tirhanah. 
She bare also Shaaph the father of Madmanna
262, upholdeth him with his hand. 
I have been young, and now am old; yet have I not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread. 
He is ever merciful, and lendeth; and his seed is blessed. 
Depart from evil, and do good; and dwell for evermore. 
For the
294,reof: 
Which the clouds do drop and distil upon man abundantly. 
Also can any understand the spreadings of the clouds, or the noise of his tabernacle? 
Behold, he spreadeth his light upon it, and covereth the bottom of the sea. 
For by them judgeth he the people; he giveth meat in abundance. 

357,the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming: 
Even him, whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders, 
And with all deceivableness of unrighteousness in them that perish; because they received not the love of the truth, that they might be saved. 
And for this cause God shall send th
306,pon earth, 
That the triumphing of the wicked is short, and the joy of the hypocrite but for a moment? 
Though his excellency mount up to the heavens, and his head reach unto the clouds; 
Yet he shall perish for ever like his own dung: they which have seen him shall say, Where is he? 
He shall fly away as
277,der thereof shall Aaron and his sons eat: with unleavened bread shall it be eaten in the holy place; in the court of the tabernacle of the congregation they shall eat it. 
It shall not be baken with leaven. I have given it unto them for their portion of my offerings made by fi
339,thee: they hiss and gnash the teeth: they say, We have swallowed her up: certainly this is the day that we looked for; we have found, we have seen it. 
The LORD hath done that which he had devised; he hath fulfilled his word that he had commanded in the days of old: he hath thrown down, and hath not pitied: and he hath caused thine enemy
338,judgment for me: he will bring me forth to the light, and I shall behold his righteousness. 
Then she that is mine enemy shall see it, and shame shall cover her which said unto me, Where is the LORD thy God? mine eyes shall behold her: now shall she be trodden down as the mire of the streets. 
In the day that thy walls are to be built, 
258, shall be put out, and the spark of his fire shall not shine. 
The light shall be dark in his tabernacle, and his candle shall be put out with him. 
The steps of his strength shall be straitened, and his own counsel shall cast him down. 
For he is cast into 
309,hine household, 
And the Levite that is within thy gates; thou shalt not forsake him; for he hath no part nor inheritance with thee. 
At the end of three years thou shalt bring forth all the tithe of thine increase the same year, and shalt lay it up within thy gates: 
And the Levite, (because he hath no part
350,t the day of the LORD be darkness, and not light? even very dark, and no brightness in it? 
I hate, I despise your feast days, and I will not smell in your solemn assemblies. 
Though ye offer me burnt offerings and your meat offerings, I will not accept them: neither will I regard the peace offerings of your fat beasts. 
Take thou away from me the 
303,ome like harts that find no pasture, and they are gone without strength before the pursuer. 
Jerusalem remembered in the days of her affliction and of her miseries all her pleasant things that she had in the days of old, when her people fell into the hand of the enemy, and none did help her: the advers
250,f the LORD is gone forth in fury, even a grievous whirlwind: it shall fall grievously upon the head of the wicked. 
The anger of the LORD shall not return, until he have executed, and till he have performed the thoughts of his heart: in the latter da
291, that looketh southward: 
And it went out to the south side to Maalehacrabbim, and passed along to Zin, and ascended up on the south side unto Kadeshbarnea, and passed along to Hezron, and went up to Adar, and fetched a compass to Karkaa: 
From thence it passed toward Azmon, and went out un
260,thee unto the house of Israel, and speak with my words unto them. 
For thou art not sent to a people of a strange speech and of an hard language, but to the house of Israel; 
Not to many people of a strange speech and of an hard language, whose words thou cans
293, them: and I will give to Jerusalem one that bringeth good tidings. 
For I beheld, and there was no man; even among them, and there was no counsellor, that, when I asked of them, could answer a word. 
Behold, they are all vanity; their works are nothing: their molten images are wind and confu
359,e in the one curtain, and fifty loops shalt thou make in the edge of the curtain that is in the coupling of the second; that the loops may take hold one of another. 
And thou shalt make fifty taches of gold, and couple the curtains together with the taches: and it shall be one tabernacle. 
And thou shalt make curtains of goats' hair to be a covering upon th
266,nd hate thine enemy. 
But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you; 
That ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven: for he maketh his 
253, give unto thine handmaid a man child, then I will give him unto the LORD all the days of his life, and there shall no razor come upon his head. 
And it came to pass, as she continued praying before the LORD, that Eli marked her mouth. 
Now Hannah, she 
354, brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground. 
And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD. 
And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his offering: 
But unto Cain and 
308,ar all the evil which I purpose to do unto them; that they may return every man from his evil way; that I may forgive their iniquity and their sin. 
Then Jeremiah called Baruch the son of Neriah: and Baruch wrote from the mouth of Jeremiah all the words of the LORD, which he had spoken unto him, upon a roll
248,the angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth. 
And I went unto the angel, and said unto him, Give me the little book. And he said unto me, Take it, and eat it up; and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as
329,oah spake to the king, she fell on her face to the ground, and did obeisance, and said, Help, O king. 
And the king said unto her, What aileth thee? And she answered, I am indeed a widow woman, and mine husband is dead. 
And thy handmaid had two sons, and they two strove together in the field, and there was none to part them, b
325,
My soul longeth, yea, even fainteth for the courts of the LORD: my heart and my flesh crieth out for the living God. 
Yea, the sparrow hath found an house, and the swallow a nest for herself, where she may lay her young, even thine altars, O LORD of hosts, my King, and my God. 
Blessed are they that dwell in thy house: the
302, commanded: and they went up into mount Hor in the sight of all the congregation. 
And Moses stripped Aaron of his garments, and put them upon Eleazar his son; and Aaron died there in the top of the mount: and Moses and Eleazar came down from the mount. 
And when all the congregation saw that Aaron wa
311, pray thee, thy name. And he said, Wherefore is it that thou dost ask after my name? And he blessed him there. 
And Jacob called the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved. 
And as he passed over Penuel the sun rose upon him, and he halted upon his thigh. 
Therefor
320, commit a trespass against the LORD, and lie unto his neighbour in that which was delivered him to keep, or in fellowship, or in a thing taken away by violence, or hath deceived his neighbour; 
Or have found that which was lost, and lieth concerning it, and sweareth falsely; in any of all these that a man doeth, sinnin
360,ed shall endure for ever, and his throne as the sun before me. 
It shall be established for ever as the moon, and as a faithful witness in heaven. Selah. 
But thou hast cast off and abhorred, thou hast been wroth with thine anointed. 
Thou hast made void the covenant of thy servant: thou hast profaned his crown by casting it to the ground. 
Thou hast broken 
360,he came to king Solomon, and wrought all his work. 
For he cast two pillars of brass, of eighteen cubits high apiece: and a line of twelve cubits did compass either of them about. 
And he made two chapiters of molten brass, to set upon the tops of the pillars: the height of the one chapiter was five cubits, and the height of the other chapiter was five cubit
322,, and the wine is red; it is full of mixture; and he poureth out of the same: but the dregs thereof, all the wicked of the earth shall wring them out, and drink them. 
But I will declare for ever; I will sing praises to the God of Jacob. 
All the horns of the wicked also will I cut off; but the horns of the righteous sha
316,d he set Ephraim before Manasseh. 
And Israel said unto Joseph, Behold, I die: but God shall be with you, and bring you again unto the land of your fathers. 
Moreover I have given to thee one portion above thy brethren, which I took out of the hand of the Amorite with my sword and with my bow. 
And Jacob called unt
326,mountain? before Zerubbabel thou shalt become a plain: and he shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings, crying, Grace, grace unto it. 
Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
The hands of Zerubbabel have laid the foundation of this house; his hands shall also finish it; and thou shalt know that the
270,e wicked of the land; that I may cut off all wicked doers from the city of the LORD. 
Hear my prayer, O LORD, and let my cry come unto thee. 
Hide not thy face from me in the day when I am in trouble; incline thine ear unto me: in the day when I call answer me speedily.
276, God to him, saying, O king, let not the army of Israel go with thee; for the LORD is not with Israel, to wit, with all the children of Ephraim. 
But if thou wilt go, do it; be strong for the battle: God shall make thee fall before the enemy: for God hath power to help, and t
315,fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth. 
And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree,
304,ten must yet be accomplished in me, And he was reckoned among the transgressors: for the things concerning me have an end. 
And they said, Lord, behold, here are two swords. And he said unto them, It is enough. 
And he came out, and went, as he was wont, to the mount of Olives; and his disciples also fo
240, am not of the world. 
Sanctify them through thy truth: thy word is truth. 
As thou hast sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world. 
And for their sakes I sanctify myself, that they also might be sanctified throug
280,with my wife? as thou livest, and as thy soul liveth, I will not do this thing. 
And David said to Uriah, Tarry here to day also, and to morrow I will let thee depart. So Uriah abode in Jerusalem that day, and the morrow. 
And when David had called him, he did eat and drink befor
329,ny man obey not our word by this epistle, note that man, and have no company with him, that he may be ashamed. 
Yet count him not as an enemy, but admonish him as a brother. 
Now the Lord of peace himself give you peace always by all means. The Lord be with you all. 
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token
258,g the worst of the heathen, and they shall possess their houses: I will also make the pomp of the strong to cease; and their holy places shall be defiled. 
Destruction cometh; and they shall seek peace, and there shall be none. 
Mischief shall come upon misc
339,s fellow perverting the nation, and forbidding to give tribute to Caesar, saying that he himself is Christ a King. 
And Pilate asked him, saying, Art thou the King of the Jews? And he answered him and said, Thou sayest it. 
Then said Pilate to the chief priests and to the people, I find no fault in this man. 
And they were the more fierc
262,y rebel against me. 
Though I have bound and strengthened their arms, yet do they imagine mischief against me. 
They return, but not to the most High: they are like a deceitful bow: their princes shall fall by the sword for the rage of their tongue: this shall b
283,rtle trees answered and said, These are they whom the LORD hath sent to walk to and fro through the earth. 
And they answered the angel of the LORD that stood among the myrtle trees, and said, We have walked to and fro through the earth, and, behold, all the earth sitteth still, and
299,left plenty: for the LORD hath blessed his people; and that which is left is this great store. 
Then Hezekiah commanded to prepare chambers in the house of the LORD; and they prepared them, 
And brought in the offerings and the tithes and the dedicated things faithfully: over which Cononiah the Lev
253, was fruitful and full of branches by reason of many waters. 
And she had strong rods for the sceptres of them that bare rule, and her stature was exalted among the thick branches, and she appeared in her height with the multitude of her branches. 
But 
243,ain of the children of Judah, and of the children of Benjamin. Of the children of Judah; Athaiah the son of Uzziah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Amariah, the son of Shephatiah, the son of Mahalaleel, of the children of Perez; 
And Maaseiah
247,me to pass in the fifth year of king Rehoboam, that Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem: 
And he took away the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house; he even took away all: and he took away all the s
313,our flocks, and the sons of the alien shall be your plowmen and your vinedressers. 
But ye shall be named the Priests of the LORD: men shall call you the Ministers of our God: ye shall eat the riches of the Gentiles, and in their glory shall ye boast yourselves. 
For your shame ye shall have double; and for conf
292,, behold, the kingdom of God is within you. 
And he said unto the disciples, The days will come, when ye shall desire to see one of the days of the Son of man, and ye shall not see it. 
And they shall say to you, See here; or, see there: go not after them, nor follow them. 
For as the lightn
352,Shelesh, and Amal. 
The sons of Zophah; Suah, and Harnepher, and Shual, and Beri, and Imrah, 
Bezer, and Hod, and Shamma, and Shilshah, and Ithran, and Beera. 
And the sons of Jether; Jephunneh, and Pispah, and Ara. 
And the sons of Ulla; Arah, and Haniel, and Rezia. 
All these were the children of Asher, heads of their father's house, choice and mig
320,s; because the LORD had given him rest. 
Therefore he said unto Judah, Let us build these cities, and make about them walls, and towers, gates, and bars, while the land is yet before us; because we have sought the LORD our God, we have sought him, and he hath given us rest on every side. So they built and prospered. 
A
330,f the two which heard John speak, and followed him, was Andrew, Simon Peter's brother. 
He first findeth his own brother Simon, and saith unto him, We have found the Messias, which is, being interpreted, the Christ. 
And he brought him to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he said, Thou art Simon the son of Jona: thou shalt be ca
277, is in Judah. 
Who is there among you of all his people? his God be with him, and let him go up to Jerusalem, which is in Judah, and build the house of the LORD God of Israel, (he is the God,) which is in Jerusalem. 
And whosoever remaineth in any place where he sojourneth, le
351,of thy womb, and the fruit of thy land, thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil, the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of thy sheep, in the land which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee. 
Thou shalt be blessed above all people: there shall not be male or female barren among you, or among your cattle. 
And the LORD will take away from thee all s
284,l, and for his bloody house, because he slew the Gibeonites. 
And the king called the Gibeonites, and said unto them; (now the Gibeonites were not of the children of Israel, but of the remnant of the Amorites; and the children of Israel had sworn unto them: and Saul sought to slay th
307,ith everlasting kindness will I have mercy on thee, saith the LORD thy Redeemer. 
For this is as the waters of Noah unto me: for as I have sworn that the waters of Noah should no more go over the earth; so have I sworn that I would not be wroth with thee, nor rebuke thee. 
For the mountains shall depart, a
247, if the uncircumcision keep the righteousness of the law, shall not his uncircumcision be counted for circumcision? 
And shall not uncircumcision which is by nature, if it fulfil the law, judge thee, who by the letter and circumcision dost transgr
261, I will say to my soul, Soul, thou hast much goods laid up for many years; take thine ease, eat, drink, and be merry. 
But God said unto him, Thou fool, this night thy soul shall be required of thee: then whose shall those things be, which thou hast provided? 

292,y. 
Thou hast played the whore also with the Assyrians, because thou wast unsatiable; yea, thou hast played the harlot with them, and yet couldest not be satisfied. 
Thou hast moreover multiplied thy fornication in the land of Canaan unto Chaldea; and yet thou wast not satisfied therewith. 

274,y God: I am the LORD. 
Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination. 
Neither shalt thou lie with any beast to defile thyself therewith: neither shall any woman stand before a beast to lie down thereto: it is confusion. 
Defile not ye yourselves in 
313, servant rejoice. 
Let mine adversaries be clothed with shame, and let them cover themselves with their own confusion, as with a mantle. 
I will greatly praise the LORD with my mouth; yea, I will praise him among the multitude. 
For he shall stand at the right hand of the poor, to save him from those that condem
304,use whence I came out. 
And when he cometh, he findeth it swept and garnished. 
Then goeth he, and taketh to him seven other spirits more wicked than himself; and they enter in, and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first. 
And it came to pass, as he spake these things, a cer
307, from the secret counsel of the wicked; from the insurrection of the workers of iniquity: 
Who whet their tongue like a sword, and bend their bows to shoot their arrows, even bitter words: 
That they may shoot in secret at the perfect: suddenly do they shoot at him, and fear not. 
They encourage themselves
267,he morrow she returned into the second house of the women, to the custody of Shaashgaz, the king's chamberlain, which kept the concubines: she came in unto the king no more, except the king delighted in her, and that she were called by name. 
Now when the turn of Est
307,rnish the sepulchres of the righteous, 
And say, If we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets. 
Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are the children of them which killed the prophets. 
Fill ye up then the measure of your f
275,e answereth to face, so the heart of man to man. 
Hell and destruction are never full; so the eyes of man are never satisfied. 
As the fining pot for silver, and the furnace for gold; so is a man to his praise. 
Though thou shouldest bray a fool in a mortar among wheat with 
344,e, died; and the third part of the ships were destroyed. 
And the third angel sounded, and there fell a great star from heaven, burning as it were a lamp, and it fell upon the third part of the rivers, and upon the fountains of waters; 
And the name of the star is called Wormwood: and the third part of the waters became wormwood; and many men
287,whom Moses and the children of Israel smote, after they were come forth out of Egypt: 
And they possessed his land, and the land of Og king of Bashan, two kings of the Amorites, which were on this side Jordan toward the sunrising; 
From Aroer, which is by the bank of the river Arnon, ev
284,s there is favour. 
The heart knoweth his own bitterness; and a stranger doth not intermeddle with his joy. 
The house of the wicked shall be overthrown: but the tabernacle of the upright shall flourish. 
There is a way which seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways
298,rus and Cyrene, which, when they were come to Antioch, spake unto the Grecians, preaching the LORD Jesus. 
And the hand of the Lord was with them: and a great number believed, and turned unto the Lord. 
Then tidings of these things came unto the ears of the church which was in Jerusalem: and they 
317,s he became poor, that ye through his poverty might be rich. 
And herein I give my advice: for this is expedient for you, who have begun before, not only to do, but also to be forward a year ago. 
Now therefore perform the doing of it; that as there was a readiness to will, so there may be a performance also out of 
291,came to pass, when the sun did arise, that God prepared a vehement east wind; and the sun beat upon the head of Jonah, that he fainted, and wished in himself to die, and said, It is better for me to die than to live. 
And God said to Jonah, Doest thou well to be angry for the gourd? And he 
275,vil from thy flesh: for childhood and youth are vanity. 
Remember now thy Creator in the days of thy youth, while the evil days come not, nor the years draw nigh, when thou shalt say, I have no pleasure in them; 
While the sun, or the light, or the moon, or the stars, be not
285,rd heart shall depart from me: I will not know a wicked person. 
Whoso privily slandereth his neighbour, him will I cut off: him that hath an high look and a proud heart will not I suffer. 
Mine eyes shall be upon the faithful of the land, that they may dwell with me: he that walketh 
334,t for me by my coming to you again. 
Only let your conversation be as it becometh the gospel of Christ: that whether I come and see you, or else be absent, I may hear of your affairs, that ye stand fast in one spirit, with one mind striving together for the faith of the gospel; 
And in nothing terrified by your adversaries: which is
303,d by your adversaries: which is to them an evident token of perdition, but to you of salvation, and that of God. 
For unto you it is given in the behalf of Christ, not only to believe on him, but also to suffer for his sake; 
Having the same conflict which ye saw in me, and now hear to be in me. 
If th
266,hem all. 
A prudent man foreseeth the evil, and hideth himself: but the simple pass on, and are punished. 
By humility and the fear of the LORD are riches, and honour, and life. 
Thorns and snares are in the way of the froward: he that doth keep his soul shall be fa
276,re the cherubims. 
Every one had four faces apiece, and every one four wings; and the likeness of the hands of a man was under their wings. 
And the likeness of their faces was the same faces which I saw by the river of Chebar, their appearances and themselves: they went ever
356,e lodged strangers, if she have washed the saints' feet, if she have relieved the afflicted, if she have diligently followed every good work. 
But the younger widows refuse: for when they have begun to wax wanton against Christ, they will marry; 
Having damnation, because they have cast off their first faith. 
And withal they learn to be idle, wandering 
241, the king, True, O king. 
He answered and said, Lo, I see four men loose, walking in the midst of the fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God. 
Then Nebuchadnezzar came near to the mouth of the burning 
353, what seemeth good unto thee. 
Therefore Saul said unto the LORD God of Israel, Give a perfect lot. And Saul and Jonathan were taken: but the people escaped. 
And Saul said, Cast lots between me and Jonathan my son. And Jonathan was taken. 
Then Saul said to Jonathan, Tell me what thou hast done. And Jonathan told him, and said, I did but taste a litt
269,uke Zibeon, duke Anah, 
Duke Dishon, duke Ezer, duke Dishan: these are the dukes that came of Hori, among their dukes in the land of Seir. 
And these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom, before there reigned any king over the children of Israel. 
And Bela th
311,e stead of his son. 
And Abraham called the name of that place Jehovahjireh: as it is said to this day, In the mount of the LORD it shall be seen. 
And the angel of the LORD called unto Abraham out of heaven the second time, 
And said, By myself have I sworn, saith the LORD, for because thou hast done this thi
267,o Joash, the son of Jehoahaz, the son of Jehu, king of Israel, saying, Come, let us see one another in the face. 
And Joash king of Israel sent to Amaziah king of Judah, saying, The thistle that was in Lebanon sent to the cedar that was in Lebanon, saying, Give thy d
265, save the king, God save the king. 
And Absalom said to Hushai, Is this thy kindness to thy friend? why wentest thou not with thy friend? 
And Hushai said unto Absalom, Nay; but whom the LORD, and this people, and all the men of Israel, choose, his will I be, and w
263,Let thy priests be clothed with righteousness; and let thy saints shout for joy. 
For thy servant David's sake turn not away the face of thine anointed. 
The LORD hath sworn in truth unto David; he will not turn from it; Of the fruit of thy body will I set upon t
271,evermore. Praise the LORD. 
I love the LORD, because he hath heard my voice and my supplications. 
Because he hath inclined his ear unto me, therefore will I call upon him as long as I live. 
The sorrows of death compassed me, and the pains of hell gat hold upon me: I fo
337,saidst unto them, I will multiply your seed as the stars of heaven, and all this land that I have spoken of will I give unto your seed, and they shall inherit it for ever. 
And the LORD repented of the evil which he thought to do unto his people. 
And Moses turned, and went down from the mount, and the two tables of the testimony were 
328,y holy mountain; 
And shall say, Cast ye up, cast ye up, prepare the way, take up the stumblingblock out of the way of my people. 
For thus saith the high and lofty One that inhabiteth eternity, whose name is Holy; I dwell in the high and holy place, with him also that is of a contrite and humble spirit, to revive the spirit o
304,heir holds: their might hath failed; they became as women: they have burned her dwellingplaces; her bars are broken. 
One post shall run to meet another, and one messenger to meet another, to shew the king of Babylon that his city is taken at one end, 
And that the passages are stopped, and the reeds th
282,erved with me in the gospel. 
Him therefore I hope to send presently, so soon as I shall see how it will go with me. 
But I trust in the Lord that I also myself shall come shortly. 
Yet I supposed it necessary to send to you Epaphroditus, my brother, and companion in labour, and fe
288,hat dwelleth between the cherubims, whose name is called on it. 
And they carried the ark of God in a new cart out of the house of Abinadab: and Uzza and Ahio drave the cart. 
And David and all Israel played before God with all their might, and with singing, and with harps, and with psal
316, moved. 
The LORD is great in Zion; and he is high above all the people. 
Let them praise thy great and terrible name; for it is holy. 
The king's strength also loveth judgment; thou dost establish equity, thou executest judgment and righteousness in Jacob. 
Exalt ye the LORD our God, and worship at his footstool; 
343,, and to make them inherit the throne of glory: for the pillars of the earth are the LORD's, and he hath set the world upon them. 
He will keep the feet of his saints, and the wicked shall be silent in darkness; for by strength shall no man prevail. 
The adversaries of the LORD shall be broken to pieces; out of heaven shall he thunder upon t
297,ends. 
And as Peter was coming in, Cornelius met him, and fell down at his feet, and worshipped him. 
But Peter took him up, saying, Stand up; I myself also am a man. 
And as he talked with him, he went in, and found many that were come together. 
And he said unto them, Ye know how that it is an 
315,gs. 
Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap. 
For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting. 
And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if
291,rch. 
Beloved, follow not that which is evil, but that which is good. He that doeth good is of God: but he that doeth evil hath not seen God. 
Demetrius hath good report of all men, and of the truth itself: yea, and we also bear record; and ye know that our record is true. 
I had many thing
327, numbered the children of Israel in the wilderness of Sinai. 
For the LORD had said of them, They shall surely die in the wilderness. And there was not left a man of them, save Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun. 
Then came the daughters of Zelophehad, the son of Hepher, the son of Gilead, the son of Machir
300, shall be glorious. 
And it shall come to pass in that day, that the Lord shall set his hand again the second time to recover the remnant of his people, which shall be left, from Assyria, and from Egypt, and from Pathros, and from Cush, and from Elam, and from Shinar, and from Hamath, and from the i
267,for. 
And the messenger said unto David, Surely the men prevailed against us, and came out unto us into the field, and we were upon them even unto the entering of the gate. 
And the shooters shot from off the wall upon thy servants; and some of the king's servants be
260,e spoken; yea, I have called him: I have brought him, and he shall make his way prosperous. 
Come ye near unto me, hear ye this; I have not spoken in secret from the beginning; from the time that it was, there am I: and now the Lord GOD, and his Spirit, hath s
248,nd dwell for evermore. 
For the LORD loveth judgment, and forsaketh not his saints; they are preserved for ever: but the seed of the wicked shall be cut off. 
The righteous shall inherit the land, and dwell therein for ever. 
The mouth of the right
306,answer, but I would make supplication to my judge. 
If I had called, and he had answered me; yet would I not believe that he had hearkened unto my voice. 
For he breaketh me with a tempest, and multiplieth my wounds without cause. 
He will not suffer me to take my breath, but filleth me with bitterness. 

267, is none righteous, no, not one: 
There is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God. 
They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not one. 
Their throat is an open sepulchre; with th
308,us ointment upon the head, that ran down upon the beard, even Aaron's beard: that went down to the skirts of his garments; 
As the dew of Hermon, and as the dew that descended upon the mountains of Zion: for there the LORD commanded the blessing, even life for evermore. 
Behold, bless ye the LORD, all ye se
275,the truth, before whose eyes Jesus Christ hath been evidently set forth, crucified among you? 
This only would I learn of you, Received ye the Spirit by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith? 
Are ye so foolish? having begun in the Spirit, are ye now made perfect 
249, understand with their heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them. 
Be it known therefore unto you, that the salvation of God is sent unto the Gentiles, and that they will hear it. 
And when he had said these words, the Jews departed, an
271,hy man, there shall not an hair of him fall to the earth: but if wickedness shall be found in him, he shall die. 
So king Solomon sent, and they brought him down from the altar. And he came and bowed himself to king Solomon: and Solomon said unto him, Go to thine house. 
348, thyself now with majesty and excellency; and array thyself with glory and beauty. 
Cast abroad the rage of thy wrath: and behold every one that is proud, and abase him. 
Look on every one that is proud, and bring him low; and tread down the wicked in their place. 
Hide them in the dust together; and bind their faces in secret. 
Then will I also 
337, to destroy it. 
And Israel was greatly impoverished because of the Midianites; and the children of Israel cried unto the LORD. 
And it came to pass, when the children of Israel cried unto the LORD because of the Midianites, 
That the LORD sent a prophet unto the children of Israel, which said unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of Isra
299,there be prophecies, they shall fail; whether there be tongues, they shall cease; whether there be knowledge, it shall vanish away. 
For we know in part, and we prophesy in part. 
But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away. 
When I was a child, I spake as 
275,tar. And Manoah and his wife looked on it, and fell on their faces to the ground. 
But the angel of the LORD did no more appear to Manoah and to his wife. Then Manoah knew that he was an angel of the LORD. 
And Manoah said unto his wife, We shall surely die, because we have 
306,inually; he soweth discord. 
Therefore shall his calamity come suddenly; suddenly shall he be broken without remedy. 
These six things doth the LORD hate: yea, seven are an abomination unto him: 
A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood, 
An heart that deviseth wicked imaginations,
353,eemed my soul out of all adversity, 
When one told me, saying, Behold, Saul is dead, thinking to have brought good tidings, I took hold of him, and slew him in Ziklag, who thought that I would have given him a reward for his tidings: 
How much more, when wicked men have slain a righteous person in his own house upon his bed? shall I not therefore now 
328,anctuary: 
And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering, and put it upon the posts of the house, and upon the four corners of the settle of the altar, and upon the posts of the gate of the inner court. 
And so thou shalt do the seventh day of the month for every one that erreth, and for him that is simple: so sha
241,ndations of the world were discovered, at the rebuking of the LORD, at the blast of the breath of his nostrils. 
He sent from above, he took me; he drew me out of many waters; 
He delivered me from my strong enemy, and from them that hated m
341, law prophesied until John. 
And if ye will receive it, this is Elias, which was for to come. 
He that hath ears to hear, let him hear. 
But whereunto shall I liken this generation? It is like unto children sitting in the markets, and calling unto their fellows, 
And saying, We have piped unto you, and ye have not danced; we have mourned u
340,s wrath gone out from the LORD; the plague is begun. 
And Aaron took as Moses commanded, and ran into the midst of the congregation; and, behold, the plague was begun among the people: and he put on incense, and made an atonement for the people. 
And he stood between the dead and the living; and the plague was stayed. 
Now they that died 
295,mmit lewdness. 
I have seen an horrible thing in the house of Israel: there is the whoredom of Ephraim, Israel is defiled. 
Also, O Judah, he hath set an harvest for thee, when I returned the captivity of my people. 
When I would have healed Israel, then the iniquity of Ephraim was discovered, 
261,the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Thus shall ye say unto your masters; 
I have made the earth, the man and the beast that are upon the ground, by my great power and by my outstretched arm, and have given it unto whom it seemed meet unto me. 
And now have I 
248,ow shall I pardon thee for this? thy children have forsaken me, and sworn by them that are no gods: when I had fed them to the full, they then committed adultery, and assembled themselves by troops in the harlots' houses. 
They were as fed horses i
326, neither shall silver be weighed for the price thereof. 
It cannot be valued with the gold of Ophir, with the precious onyx, or the sapphire. 
The gold and the crystal cannot equal it: and the exchange of it shall not be for jewels of fine gold. 
No mention shall be made of coral, or of pearls: for the price of wisdom is abo
290,s is his name whereby he shall be called, THE LORD OUR RIGHTEOUSNESS. 
Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that they shall no more say, The LORD liveth, which brought up the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt; 
But, The LORD liveth, which brought up and which led the
314,rvant's house for a great while to come. And is this the manner of man, O Lord GOD? 
And what can David say more unto thee? for thou, Lord GOD, knowest thy servant. 
For thy word's sake, and according to thine own heart, hast thou done all these great things, to make thy servant know them. 
Wherefore thou art gre
311,s foot, to sanctify them. 
And he poured of the anointing oil upon Aaron's head, and anointed him, to sanctify him. 
And Moses brought Aaron's sons, and put coats upon them, and girded them with girdles, and put bonnets upon them; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And he brought the bullock for the sin offering: a
264,until they were consumed. 
So it came to pass, when all the men of war were consumed and dead from among the people, 
That the LORD spake unto me, saying, 
Thou art to pass over through Ar, the coast of Moab, this day: 
And when thou comest nigh over against the c
283,verlay it with pure gold, within and without shalt thou overlay it, and shalt make upon it a crown of gold round about. 
And thou shalt cast four rings of gold for it, and put them in the four corners thereof; and two rings shall be in the one side of it, and two rings in the other 
271, upon the king of Tyrus, and say unto him, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Thou sealest up the sum, full of wisdom, and perfect in beauty. 
Thou hast been in Eden the garden of God; every precious stone was thy covering, the sardius, topaz, and the diamond, the beryl, the onyx,
242,hat drink it. 
The city of confusion is broken down: every house is shut up, that no man may come in. 
There is a crying for wine in the streets; all joy is darkened, the mirth of the land is gone. 
In the city is left desolation, and the gat
355,r you out of the field: 
And they shall fill thy houses, and the houses of all thy servants, and the houses of all the Egyptians; which neither thy fathers, nor thy fathers' fathers have seen, since the day that they were upon the earth unto this day. And he turned himself, and went out from Pharaoh. 
And Pharaoh's servants said unto him, How long shall
344,eth no man's person:) for they who seemed to be somewhat in conference added nothing to me: 
But contrariwise, when they saw that the gospel of the uncircumcision was committed unto me, as the gospel of the circumcision was unto Peter; 
(For he that wrought effectually in Peter to the apostleship of the circumcision, the same was mighty in me
348,you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. 
Do all things without murmurings and disputings: 
That ye may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights in the world; 
Holding forth the word of life; that I may rejoice in the day of Christ, that I have
337,hen they that bare the ark of the LORD had gone six paces, he sacrificed oxen and fatlings. 
And David danced before the LORD with all his might; and David was girded with a linen ephod. 
So David and all the house of Israel brought up the ark of the LORD with shouting, and with the sound of the trumpet. 
And as the ark of the LORD cam
313,the sun. 
And David said unto Nathan, I have sinned against the LORD. And Nathan said unto David, The LORD also hath put away thy sin; thou shalt not die. 
Howbeit, because by this deed thou hast given great occasion to the enemies of the LORD to blaspheme, the child also that is born unto thee shall surely die.
243,ilies, by the house of their fathers, were two thousand and six hundred and thirty. 
These are they that were numbered of the families of the sons of Gershon, of all that might do service in the tabernacle of the congregation, whom Moses and A
305,ut dust and ashes: 
Peradventure there shall lack five of the fifty righteous: wilt thou destroy all the city for lack of five? And he said, If I find there forty and five, I will not destroy it. 
And he spake unto him yet again, and said, Peradventure there shall be forty found there. And he said, I wil
301, is not mine, but the Father's which sent me. 
These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you. 
But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you. 
331, in a good old age. 
But in the fourth generation they shall come hither again: for the iniquity of the Amorites is not yet full. 
And it came to pass, that, when the sun went down, and it was dark, behold a smoking furnace, and a burning lamp that passed between those pieces. 
In the same day the LORD made a covenant with Abram,
297, their ways: they are not hid from my face, neither is their iniquity hid from mine eyes. 
And first I will recompense their iniquity and their sin double; because they have defiled my land, they have filled mine inheritance with the carcases of their detestable and abominable things. 
O LORD, my
331,halt be their inheritance, and thou shalt no more henceforth bereave them of men. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because they say unto you, Thou land devourest up men, and hast bereaved thy nations: 
Therefore thou shalt devour men no more, neither bereave thy nations any more, saith the Lord GOD. 
Neither will I cause men to hear in 
246,he precious things put forth by the moon, 
And for the chief things of the ancient mountains, and for the precious things of the lasting hills, 
And for the precious things of the earth and fulness thereof, and for the good will of him that dwelt
320,tinually, Let God be magnified. 
But I am poor and needy: make haste unto me, O God: thou art my help and my deliverer; O LORD, make no tarrying. 
In thee, O LORD, do I put my trust: let me never be put to confusion. 
Deliver me in thy righteousness, and cause me to escape: incline thine ear unto me, and save me. 
Be t
355,iver you your brother, and ye shall traffick in the land. 
And it came to pass as they emptied their sacks, that, behold, every man's bundle of money was in his sack: and when both they and their father saw the bundles of money, they were afraid. 
And Jacob their father said unto them, Me have ye bereaved of my children: Joseph is not, and Simeon is not
309,ne was fallen down at the door of the house, and her hands were upon the threshold. 
And he said unto her, Up, and let us be going. But none answered. Then the man took her up upon an ass, and the man rose up, and gat him unto his place. 
And when he was come into his house, he took a knife, and laid hold on
315,g through the street near her corner; and he went the way to her house, 
In the twilight, in the evening, in the black and dark night: 
And, behold, there met him a woman with the attire of an harlot, and subtil of heart. 
(She is loud and stubborn; her feet abide not in her house: 
Now is she without, now in the 
267,t thine heart may be merry; and to morrow get you early on your way, that thou mayest go home. 
But the man would not tarry that night, but he rose up and departed, and came over against Jebus, which is Jerusalem; and there were with him two asses saddled, his concub
270,tely the fever left her, and she ministered unto them. 
And at even, when the sun did set, they brought unto him all that were diseased, and them that were possessed with devils. 
And all the city was gathered together at the door. 
And he healed many that were sick of 
324,fest unto them that asked not after me. 
But to Israel he saith, All day long I have stretched forth my hands unto a disobedient and gainsaying people. 
I say then, Hath God cast away his people? God forbid. For I also am an Israelite, of the seed of Abraham, of the tribe of Benjamin. 
God hath not cast away his people whi
282,, and be clean, and change your garments: 
And let us arise, and go up to Bethel; and I will make there an altar unto God, who answered me in the day of my distress, and was with me in the way which I went. 
And they gave unto Jacob all the strange gods which were in their hand, an
277,ful noise unto God, all ye lands: 
Sing forth the honour of his name: make his praise glorious. 
Say unto God, How terrible art thou in thy works! through the greatness of thy power shall thine enemies submit themselves unto thee. 
All the earth shall worship thee, and shall s
312,the LORD for all his benefits toward me? 
I will take the cup of salvation, and call upon the name of the LORD. 
I will pay my vows unto the LORD now in the presence of all his people. 
Precious in the sight of the LORD is the death of his saints. 
O LORD, truly I am thy servant; I am thy servant, and the son o
360,ear unto him, and said, Oh my lord, let thy servant, I pray thee, speak a word in my lord's ears, and let not thine anger burn against thy servant: for thou art even as Pharaoh. 
My lord asked his servants, saying, Have ye a father, or a brother? 
And we said unto my lord, We have a father, an old man, and a child of his old age, a little one; and his brothe
314,rted, and waited for the king by the way, and disguised himself with ashes upon his face. 
And as the king passed by, he cried unto the king: and he said, Thy servant went out into the midst of the battle; and, behold, a man turned aside, and brought a man unto me, and said, Keep this man: if by any means he be m
305,and repent, and do the first works; or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will remove thy candlestick out of his place, except thou repent. 
But this thou hast, that thou hatest the deeds of the Nicolaitanes, which I also hate. 
He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the church
316,re kindled together. 
I will not execute the fierceness of mine anger, I will not return to destroy Ephraim: for I am God, and not man; the Holy One in the midst of thee: and I will not enter into the city. 
They shall walk after the LORD: he shall roar like a lion: when he shall roar, then the children shall tremb
321,whom God hath given me in this place. And he said, Bring them, I pray thee, unto me, and I will bless them. 
Now the eyes of Israel were dim for age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near unto him; and he kissed them, and embraced them. 
And Israel said unto Joseph, I had not thought to see thy face: and, l
331, house, that thou hast brought me hitherto? 
And this was yet a small thing in thy sight, O Lord GOD; but thou hast spoken also of thy servant's house for a great while to come. And is this the manner of man, O Lord GOD? 
And what can David say more unto thee? for thou, Lord GOD, knowest thy servant. 
For thy word's sake, and acc
282,is his name. 
I have declared the former things from the beginning; and they went forth out of my mouth, and I shewed them; I did them suddenly, and they came to pass. 
Because I knew that thou art obstinate, and thy neck is an iron sinew, and thy brow brass; 
I have even from the 
301,went out unto the tabernacle, that all the people rose up, and stood every man at his tent door, and looked after Moses, until he was gone into the tabernacle. 
And it came to pass, as Moses entered into the tabernacle, the cloudy pillar descended, and stood at the door of the tabernacle, and the Lor
294,hy pilots. 
The ancients of Gebal and the wise men thereof were in thee thy calkers: all the ships of the sea with their mariners were in thee to occupy thy merchandise. 
They of Persia and of Lud and of Phut were in thine army, thy men of war: they hanged the shield and helmet in thee; they s
355, that were ordained of the apostles and elders which were at Jerusalem. 
And so were the churches established in the faith, and increased in number daily. 
Now when they had gone throughout Phrygia and the region of Galatia, and were forbidden of the Holy Ghost to preach the word in Asia, 
After they were come to Mysia, they assayed to go into Bithynia:
254,hey gave them drink in vessels of gold, (the vessels being diverse one from another,) and royal wine in abundance, according to the state of the king. 
And the drinking was according to the law; none did compel: for so the king had appointed to all the o
246,his father Jacob to him, and all his kindred, threescore and fifteen souls. 
So Jacob went down into Egypt, and died, he, and our fathers, 
And were carried over into Sychem, and laid in the sepulchre that Abraham bought for a sum of money of the
270,ven the whole congregation, into the desert of Zin in the first month: and the people abode in Kadesh; and Miriam died there, and was buried there. 
And there was no water for the congregation: and they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron. 
And 
316, not. 
For I mean not that other men be eased, and ye burdened: 
But by an equality, that now at this time your abundance may be a supply for their want, that their abundance also may be a supply for your want: that there may be equality: 
As it is written, He that had gathered much had nothing over; and he that ha
276,into their houses. 
So he called every one of his lord's debtors unto him, and said unto the first, How much owest thou unto my lord? 
And he said, An hundred measures of oil. And he said unto him, Take thy bill, and sit down quickly, and write fifty. 
Then said he to another
351,s which dwelt in that hill, and smote them, and discomfited them, even unto Hormah. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye be come into the land of your habitations, which I give unto you, 
And will make an offering by fire unto the LORD, a burnt offering, or a sacrifice in performing a
311,house of David will I lay upon his shoulder; so he shall open, and none shall shut; and he shall shut, and none shall open. 
And I will fasten him as a nail in a sure place; and he shall be for a glorious throne to his father's house. 
And they shall hang upon him all the glory of his father's house, the offsp
306, Abishai and Ittai, saying, Deal gently for my sake with the young man, even with Absalom. And all the people heard when the king gave all the captains charge concerning Absalom. 
So the people went out into the field against Israel: and the battle was in the wood of Ephraim; 
Where the people of Israel w
257,eavened bread, and in the feast of weeks, and in the feast of tabernacles: and they shall not appear before the LORD empty: 
Every man shall give as he is able, according to the blessing of the LORD thy God which he hath given thee. 
Judges and officers sha
263,re not thine eyes upon the truth? thou hast stricken them, but they have not grieved; thou hast consumed them, but they have refused to receive correction: they have made their faces harder than a rock; they have refused to return. 
Therefore I said, Surely these
254,ouse in Tirzah. 
And Zimri went in and smote him, and killed him, in the twenty and seventh year of Asa king of Judah, and reigned in his stead. 
And it came to pass, when he began to reign, as soon as he sat on his throne, that he slew all the house of 
319,vailed against me. 
The plowers plowed upon my back: they made long their furrows. 
The LORD is righteous: he hath cut asunder the cords of the wicked. 
Let them all be confounded and turned back that hate Zion. 
Let them be as the grass upon the housetops, which withereth afore it groweth up: 
Wherewith the mower fil
260,cause it is bitter, because it reacheth unto thine heart. 
My bowels, my bowels! I am pained at my very heart; my heart maketh a noise in me; I cannot hold my peace, because thou hast heard, O my soul, the sound of the trumpet, the alarm of war. 
Destruction u
348,dgments, they have not known them. Praise ye the LORD. 
Praise ye the LORD. Praise ye the LORD from the heavens: praise him in the heights. 
Praise ye him, all his angels: praise ye him, all his hosts. 
Praise ye him, sun and moon: praise him, all ye stars of light. 
Praise him, ye heavens of heavens, and ye waters that be above the heavens. 
Let
336,mandment, and will not hearken unto thy words in all that thou commandest him, he shall be put to death: only be strong and of a good courage. 
And Joshua the son of Nun sent out of Shittim two men to spy secretly, saying, Go view the land, even Jericho. And they went, and came into an harlot's house, named Rahab, and lodged there. 
A
307,the gates of Jerusalem, and against all the walls thereof round about, and against all the cities of Judah. 
And I will utter my judgments against them touching all their wickedness, who have forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, and worshipped the works of their own hands. 
Thou therefore 
276,f God over one sinner that repenteth. 
And he said, A certain man had two sons: 
And the younger of them said to his father, Father, give me the portion of goods that falleth to me. And he divided unto them his living. 
And not many days after the younger son gathered all tog
328,
For, lo, he that formeth the mountains, and createth the wind, and declareth unto man what is his thought, that maketh the morning darkness, and treadeth upon the high places of the earth, The LORD, The God of hosts, is his name. 
Hear ye this word which I take up against you, even a lamentation, O house of Israel. 
The virgi
303,ingdom of God is come unto you. 
Or else how can one enter into a strong man's house, and spoil his goods, except he first bind the strong man? and then he will spoil his house. 
He that is not with me is against me; and he that gathereth not with me scattereth abroad. 
Wherefore I say unto you, All ma
315,nse them according to their deeds, and according to the works of their own hands. 
For thus saith the LORD God of Israel unto me; Take the wine cup of this fury at my hand, and cause all the nations, to whom I send thee, to drink it. 
And they shall drink, and be moved, and be mad, because of the sword that I will
342,ls, with the calves of the people, till every one submit himself with pieces of silver: scatter thou the people that delight in war. 
Princes shall come out of Egypt; Ethiopia shall soon stretch out her hands unto God. 
Sing unto God, ye kingdoms of the earth; O sing praises unto the Lord; Selah: 
To him that rideth upon the heavens of heav
284,rnt offering and a meat offering at our hands, neither would he have shewed us all these things, nor would as at this time have told us such things as these. 
And the woman bare a son, and called his name Samson: and the child grew, and the LORD blessed him. 
And the Spirit of the LO
311,h a garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with a golden girdle. 
His head and his hairs were white like wool, as white as snow; and his eyes were as a flame of fire; 
And his feet like unto fine brass, as if they burned in a furnace; and his voice as the sound of many waters. 
And he had in his rig
249,r, but a doer of the work, this man shall be blessed in his deed. 
If any man among you seem to be religious, and bridleth not his tongue, but deceiveth his own heart, this man's religion is vain. 
Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Fath
283,for when they have begun to wax wanton against Christ, they will marry; 
Having damnation, because they have cast off their first faith. 
And withal they learn to be idle, wandering about from house to house; and not only idle, but tattlers also and busybodies, speaking things which
246,t abundantly, and the congregation drank, and their beasts also. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron, Because ye believed me not, to sanctify me in the eyes of the children of Israel, therefore ye shall not bring this congregation into the l
296,Oh how great is thy goodness, which thou hast laid up for them that fear thee; which thou hast wrought for them that trust in thee before the sons of men! 
Thou shalt hide them in the secret of thy presence from the pride of man: thou shalt keep them secretly in a pavilion from the strife of ton
264, Jabesh, and fasted seven days. 
So Saul died for his transgression which he committed against the LORD, even against the word of the LORD, which he kept not, and also for asking counsel of one that had a familiar spirit, to enquire of it; 
And enquired not of the
254,d she said, These six measures of barley gave he me; for he said to me, Go not empty unto thy mother in law. 
Then said she, Sit still, my daughter, until thou know how the matter will fall: for the man will not be in rest, until he have finished the thi
302,eeds among the people. 
Sing unto him, sing psalms unto him, talk ye of all his wondrous works. 
Glory ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the LORD. 
Seek the LORD and his strength, seek his face continually. 
Remember his marvellous works that he hath done, his wonders, and t
264, daughter dwelling in Egypt, furnish thyself to go into captivity: for Noph shall be waste and desolate without an inhabitant. 
Egypt is like a very fair heifer, but destruction cometh; it cometh out of the north. 
Also her hired men are in the midst of her like f
340,ther of Jesus saith unto him, They have no wine. 
Jesus saith unto her, Woman, what have I to do with thee? mine hour is not yet come. 
His mother saith unto the servants, Whatsoever he saith unto you, do it. 
And there were set there six waterpots of stone, after the manner of the purifying of the Jews, containing two or three firkins ap
352,nagogue and taught: and there was a man whose right hand was withered. 
And the scribes and Pharisees watched him, whether he would heal on the sabbath day; that they might find an accusation against him. 
But he knew their thoughts, and said to the man which had the withered hand, Rise up, and stand forth in the midst. And he arose and stood forth. 
277,ame the day of unleavened bread, when the passover must be killed. 
And he sent Peter and John, saying, Go and prepare us the passover, that we may eat. 
And they said unto him, Where wilt thou that we prepare? 
And he said unto them, Behold, when ye are entered into the city,
292,l break his yoke from off thy neck, and will burst thy bonds, and strangers shall no more serve themselves of him: 
But they shall serve the LORD their God, and David their king, whom I will raise up unto them. 
Therefore fear thou not, O my servant Jacob, saith the LORD; neither be dismayed
335,astised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions. 
So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam the third day, as the king had appointed, saying, Come to me again the third day. 
And the king answered the people roughly, and forsook the old men's counsel that they gave him; 
And spake to them after the counsel of the
358, of their souls to him in well doing, as unto a faithful Creator. 
The elders which are among you I exhort, who am also an elder, and a witness of the sufferings of Christ, and also a partaker of the glory that shall be revealed: 
Feed the flock of God which is among you, taking the oversight thereof, not by constraint, but willingly; not for filthy lucre,
267, own wisdom. 
Wilt thou set thine eyes upon that which is not? for riches certainly make themselves wings; they fly away as an eagle toward heaven. 
Eat thou not the bread of him that hath an evil eye, neither desire thou his dainty meats: 
For as he thinketh in his 
280, be able, he may redeem himself. 
And he shall reckon with him that bought him from the year that he was sold to him unto the year of jubile: and the price of his sale shall be according unto the number of years, according to the time of an hired servant shall it be with him. 
If
338,ir place, and put themselves in array at Baaltamar: and the liers in wait of Israel came forth out of their places, even out of the meadows of Gibeah. 
And there came against Gibeah ten thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and the battle was sore: but they knew not that evil was near them. 
And the LORD smote Benjamin before Israel: a
339,eth up himself, the mighty are afraid: by reason of breakings they purify themselves. 
The sword of him that layeth at him cannot hold: the spear, the dart, nor the habergeon. 
He esteemeth iron as straw, and brass as rotten wood. 
The arrow cannot make him flee: slingstones are turned with him into stubble. 
Darts are counted as stubble
290,s, nor eat moist grapes, or dried. 
All the days of his separation shall he eat nothing that is made of the vine tree, from the kernels even to the husk. 
All the days of the vow of his separation there shall no razor come upon his head: until the days be fulfilled, in the which he separat
340,mandment of the LORD, and pitched in Rephidim: and there was no water for the people to drink. 
Wherefore the people did chide with Moses, and said, Give us water that we may drink. And Moses said unto them, Why chide ye with me? wherefore do ye tempt the LORD? 
And the people thirsted there for water; and the people murmured against Mose
262,e lamps thereof, to burn every evening: for we keep the charge of the LORD our God; but ye have forsaken him. 
And, behold, God himself is with us for our captain, and his priests with sounding trumpets to cry alarm against you. O children of Israel, fight ye no
357,t of hearing the words of the LORD: 
And they shall wander from sea to sea, and from the north even to the east, they shall run to and fro to seek the word of the LORD, and shall not find it. 
In that day shall the fair virgins and young men faint for thirst. 
They that swear by the sin of Samaria, and say, Thy god, O Dan, liveth; and, The manner of Beers
285,teth wisdom loveth his own soul: he that keepeth understanding shall find good. 
A false witness shall not be unpunished, and he that speaketh lies shall perish. 
Delight is not seemly for a fool; much less for a servant to have rule over princes. 
The discretion of a man deferreth hi
273,. 
Thou shalt also take one ram; and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the ram. 
And thou shalt slay the ram, and thou shalt take his blood, and sprinkle it round about upon the altar. 
And thou shalt cut the ram in pieces, and wash the inwards of h
320,o down to the house of the king of Judah, and speak there this word, 
And say, Hear the word of the LORD, O king of Judah, that sittest upon the throne of David, thou, and thy servants, and thy people that enter in by these gates: 
Thus saith the LORD; Execute ye judgment and righteousness, and deliver the spoiled out 
273, a present of silver and gold; come and break thy league with Baasha king of Israel, that he may depart from me. 
So Benhadad hearkened unto king Asa, and sent the captains of the hosts which he had against the cities of Israel, and smote Ijon, and Dan, and Abelbethmaachah
260,e. 
Thy words were found, and I did eat them; and thy word was unto me the joy and rejoicing of mine heart: for I am called by thy name, O LORD God of hosts. 
I sat not in the assembly of the mockers, nor rejoiced; I sat alone because of thy hand: for thou has
289,the thing to his heart, to think that all the king's sons are dead: for Amnon only is dead. 
But Absalom fled. And the young man that kept the watch lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, there came much people by the way of the hill side behind him. 
And Jonadab said unto the king,
300,ld, since man was placed upon earth, 
That the triumphing of the wicked is short, and the joy of the hypocrite but for a moment? 
Though his excellency mount up to the heavens, and his head reach unto the clouds; 
Yet he shall perish for ever like his own dung: they which have seen him shall say, Wh
285,we arrived at Samos, and tarried at Trogyllium; and the next day we came to Miletus. 
For Paul had determined to sail by Ephesus, because he would not spend the time in Asia: for he hasted, if it were possible for him, to be at Jerusalem the day of Pentecost. 
And from Miletus he sent
297,f Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh. 
And his sister Hammoleketh bare Ishod, and Abiezer, and Mahalah. 
And the sons of Shemidah were, Ahian, and Shechem, and Likhi, and Aniam. 
And the sons of Ephraim; Shuthelah, and Bered his son, and Tahath his son, and Eladah his son, and Tahath 
274,hee of me? 
Pilate answered, Am I a Jew? Thine own nation and the chief priests have delivered thee unto me: what hast thou done? 
Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered
349,rifying of the Jews, containing two or three firkins apiece. 
Jesus saith unto them, Fill the waterpots with water. And they filled them up to the brim. 
And he saith unto them, Draw out now, and bear unto the governor of the feast. And they bare it. 
When the ruler of the feast had tasted the water that was made wine, and knew not whence it was: 
320,asts that are not clean by two, the male and his female. 
Of fowls also of the air by sevens, the male and the female; to keep seed alive upon the face of all the earth. 
For yet seven days, and I will cause it to rain upon the earth forty days and forty nights; and every living substance that I have made will I destro
319,ke balm, O virgin, the daughter of Egypt: in vain shalt thou use many medicines; for thou shalt not be cured. 
The nations have heard of thy shame, and thy cry hath filled the land: for the mighty man hath stumbled against the mighty, and they are fallen both together. 
The word that the LORD spake to Jeremiah the pro
263,rvants, and delivered them ten pounds, and said unto them, Occupy till I come. 
But his citizens hated him, and sent a message after him, saying, We will not have this man to reign over us. 
And it came to pass, that when he was returned, having received the king
356,other, Let us make a captain, and let us return into Egypt. 
Then Moses and Aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly of the congregation of the children of Israel. 
And Joshua the son of Nun, and Caleb the son of Jephunneh, which were of them that searched the land, rent their clothes: 
And they spake unto all the company of the children of Isra
276, in the south, heard tell that Israel came by the way of the spies; then he fought against Israel, and took some of them prisoners. 
And Israel vowed a vow unto the LORD, and said, If thou wilt indeed deliver this people into my hand, then I will utterly destroy their cities.
279,ise men of Babylon. 
Then was the secret revealed unto Daniel in a night vision. Then Daniel blessed the God of heaven. 
Daniel answered and said, Blessed be the name of God for ever and ever: for wisdom and might are his: 
And he changeth the times and the seasons: he removeth 
336,ng, Go forth unto the mount, and fetch olive branches, and pine branches, and myrtle branches, and palm branches, and branches of thick trees, to make booths, as it is written. 
So the people went forth, and brought them, and made themselves booths, every one upon the roof of his house, and in their courts, and in the courts of the ho
243,ace. And she said unto her, Go, my daughter. 
And she went, and came, and gleaned in the field after the reapers: and her hap was to light on a part of the field belonging unto Boaz, who was of the kindred of Elimelech. 
And, behold, Boaz came
297, and by the sea side, to the land of the Canaanites, and unto Lebanon, unto the great river, the river Euphrates. 
Behold, I have set the land before you: go in and possess the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, to give unto them and to their seed after them. 
305,ire without the camp. 
And he slew the burnt offering; and Aaron's sons presented unto him the blood, which he sprinkled round about upon the altar. 
And they presented the burnt offering unto him, with the pieces thereof, and the head: and he burnt them upon the altar. 
And he did wash the inwards and t
290,is neighbour's landmark. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
Cursed be he that maketh the blind to wander out of the way. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
Cursed be he that perverteth the judgment of the stranger, fatherless, and widow. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
Cursed be h
334,and keep my judgments, and do them; and ye shall dwell in the land in safety. 
And the land shall yield her fruit, and ye shall eat your fill, and dwell therein in safety. 
And if ye shall say, What shall we eat the seventh year? behold, we shall not sow, nor gather in our increase: 
Then I will command my blessing upon you in the s
274, his eyes. 
When the scorner is punished, the simple is made wise: and when the wise is instructed, he receiveth knowledge. 
The righteous man wisely considereth the house of the wicked: but God overthroweth the wicked for their wickedness. 
Whoso stoppeth his ears at the c
240,s of thine heart. 
Commit thy way unto the LORD; trust also in him; and he shall bring it to pass. 
And he shall bring forth thy righteousness as the light, and thy judgment as the noonday. 
Rest in the LORD, and wait patiently for him: fre
246,rish: 
Whose hope shall be cut off, and whose trust shall be a spider's web. 
He shall lean upon his house, but it shall not stand: he shall hold it fast, but it shall not endure. 
He is green before the sun, and his branch shooteth forth in his 
262,e days of her separation: she shall be unclean. 
Every bed whereon she lieth all the days of her issue shall be unto her as the bed of her separation: and whatsoever she sitteth upon shall be unclean, as the uncleanness of her separation. 
And whosoever toucheth
266,on his frontiers, the glory of the country, Bethjeshimoth, Baalmeon, and Kiriathaim, 
Unto the men of the east with the Ammonites, and will give them in possession, that the Ammonites may not be remembered among the nations. 
And I will execute judgments upon Moab; 
327,n old disciple, with whom we should lodge. 
And when we were come to Jerusalem, the brethren received us gladly. 
And the day following Paul went in with us unto James; and all the elders were present. 
And when he had saluted them, he declared particularly what things God had wrought among the Gentiles by his ministry. 
And 
262,ire goeth out: so where there is no talebearer, the strife ceaseth. 
As coals are to burning coals, and wood to fire; so is a contentious man to kindle strife. 
The words of a talebearer are as wounds, and they go down into the innermost parts of the belly. 
Bur
339,of Joash died in a good old age, and was buried in the sepulchre of Joash his father, in Ophrah of the Abiezrites. 
And it came to pass, as soon as Gideon was dead, that the children of Israel turned again, and went a whoring after Baalim, and made Baalberith their god. 
And the children of Israel remembered not the LORD their God, who h
273,rass. 
All the vessels of the tabernacle in all the service thereof, and all the pins thereof, and all the pins of the court, shall be of brass. 
And thou shalt command the children of Israel, that they bring thee pure oil olive beaten for the light, to cause the lamp to b
277,pon it, and will cut off man and beast from it: 
Though these three men, Noah, Daniel, and Job, were in it, they should deliver but their own souls by their righteousness, saith the Lord GOD. 
If I cause noisome beasts to pass through the land, and they spoil it, so that it be
287,ys of his life. 
How doth the city sit solitary, that was full of people! how is she become as a widow! she that was great among the nations, and princess among the provinces, how is she become tributary! 
She weepeth sore in the night, and her tears are on her cheeks: among all her lov
349,r have they feared, nor walked in my law, nor in my statutes, that I set before you and before your fathers. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will set my face against you for evil, and to cut off all Judah. 
And I will take the remnant of Judah, that have set their faces to go into the land of Egypt to sojourn 
246,r the glory of his majesty. 
The lofty looks of man shall be humbled, and the haughtiness of men shall be bowed down, and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day. 
For the day of the LORD of hosts shall be upon every one that is proud and lof
270,of the heathen, and they shall possess their houses: I will also make the pomp of the strong to cease; and their holy places shall be defiled. 
Destruction cometh; and they shall seek peace, and there shall be none. 
Mischief shall come upon mischief, and rumour shall b
329,eth before wicked men, so fellest thou. And all the people wept again over him. 
And when all the people came to cause David to eat meat while it was yet day, David sware, saying, So do God to me, and more also, if I taste bread, or ought else, till the sun be down. 
And all the people took notice of it, and it pleased them: as
332,ORD? 
Is not this the fast that I have chosen? to loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and to let the oppressed go free, and that ye break every yoke? 
Is it not to deal thy bread to the hungry, and that thou bring the poor that are cast out to thy house? when thou seest the naked, that thou cover him; and tha
305,of the water of life freely. 
He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will be his God, and he shall be my son. 
But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth wi
342,e me drink of the water of the well of Bethlehem, that is at the gate! 
And the three brake through the host of the Philistines, and drew water out of the well of Bethlehem, that was by the gate, and took it, and brought it to David: but David would not drink of it, but poured it out to the LORD. 
And said, My God forbid it me, that I shoul
320,ompany of them that gathered themselves together against the LORD in the company of Korah; but died in his own sin, and had no sons. 
Why should the name of our father be done away from among his family, because he hath no son? Give unto us therefore a possession among the brethren of our father. 
And Moses brought the
339,llow of goats' hair for his bolster. 
And Saul said unto Michal, Why hast thou deceived me so, and sent away mine enemy, that he is escaped? And Michal answered Saul, He said unto me, Let me go; why should I kill thee? 
So David fled, and escaped, and came to Samuel to Ramah, and told him all that Saul had done to him. And he and Samuel 
255,ye ask not. 
Ye ask, and receive not, because ye ask amiss, that ye may consume it upon your lusts. 
Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God? whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the 
337,Aaron the priest. 
And Moses and Aaron and the chief of the congregation numbered the sons of the Kohathites after their families, and after the house of their fathers, 
From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that entereth into the service, for the work in the tabernacle of the congregation: 
And those th
298, have both learned, and received, and heard, and seen in me, do: and the God of peace shall be with you. 
But I rejoiced in the Lord greatly, that now at the last your care of me hath flourished again; wherein ye were also careful, but ye lacked opportunity. 
Not that I speak in respect of want: f
277,he satyr shall cry to his fellow; the screech owl also shall rest there, and find for herself a place of rest. 
There shall the great owl make her nest, and lay, and hatch, and gather under her shadow: there shall the vultures also be gathered, every one with her mate. 
Seek y
243,m into Chaldea. 
And the Babylonians came to her into the bed of love, and they defiled her with their whoredom, and she was polluted with them, and her mind was alienated from them. 
So she discovered her whoredoms, and discovered her nakedne
280,son of Ahitub. And he answered, Here I am, my lord. 
And Saul said unto him, Why have ye conspired against me, thou and the son of Jesse, in that thou hast given him bread, and a sword, and hast enquired of God for him, that he should rise against me, to lie in wait, as at this d
296,e done away. 
When I was a child, I spake as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child: but when I became a man, I put away childish things. 
For now we see through a glass, darkly; but then face to face: now I know in part; but then shall I know even as also I am known. 
And now ab
335,be the natural branches, be graffed into their own olive tree? 
For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fulness of the Gentiles be come in. 
And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shal
352,ghter in law, Remain a widow at thy father's house, till Shelah my son be grown: for he said, Lest peradventure he die also, as his brethren did. And Tamar went and dwelt in her father's house. 
And in process of time the daughter of Shuah Judah's wife died; and Judah was comforted, and went up unto his sheepshearers to Timnath, he and his friend Hir
299, We will not hearken. 
Therefore hear, ye nations, and know, O congregation, what is among them. 
Hear, O earth: behold, I will bring evil upon this people, even the fruit of their thoughts, because they have not hearkened unto my words, nor to my law, but rejected it. 
To what purpose cometh there
310,judge all the heathen round about. 
Put ye in the sickle, for the harvest is ripe: come, get you down; for the press is full, the fats overflow; for their wickedness is great. 
Multitudes, multitudes in the valley of decision: for the day of the LORD is near in the valley of decision. 
The sun and the moon sh
354,you a man for you, and let him come down to me. 
If he be able to fight with me, and to kill me, then will we be your servants: but if I prevail against him, and kill him, then shall ye be our servants, and serve us. 
And the Philistine said, I defy the armies of Israel this day; give me a man, that we may fight together. 
When Saul and all Israel hear
241,him, that we may preserve seed of our father. 
And they made their father drink wine that night also: and the younger arose, and lay with him; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose. 
Thus were both the daughters of Lot w
267,ad upon thee is like Carmel, and the hair of thine head like purple; the king is held in the galleries. 
How fair and how pleasant art thou, O love, for delights! 
This thy stature is like to a palm tree, and thy breasts to clusters of grapes. 
I said, I will go up t
339,d to thee, O LORD; and unto the LORD I made supplication. 
What profit is there in my blood, when I go down to the pit? Shall the dust praise thee? shall it declare thy truth? 
Hear, O LORD, and have mercy upon me: LORD, be thou my helper. 
Thou hast turned for me my mourning into dancing: thou hast put off my sackcloth, and girded me wi
279, the son of Zechariah, the son of Benaiah, the son of Jeiel, the son of Mattaniah, a Levite of the sons of Asaph, came the Spirit of the LORD in the midst of the congregation; 
And he said, Hearken ye, all Judah, and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem, and thou king Jehoshaphat, Thus s
342, an offering made by fire unto the LORD. 
Every sabbath he shall set it in order before the LORD continually, being taken from the children of Israel by an everlasting covenant. 
And it shall be Aaron's and his sons'; and they shall eat it in the holy place: for it is most holy unto him of the offerings of the LORD made by fire by a perpetu
301,eard thereof, he said, It is the man of God, who was disobedient unto the word of the LORD: therefore the LORD hath delivered him unto the lion, which hath torn him, and slain him, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake unto him. 
And he spake to his sons, saying, Saddle me the ass. And th
240, ye have heard. 
Therefore now amend your ways and your doings, and obey the voice of the LORD your God; and the LORD will repent him of the evil that he hath pronounced against you. 
As for me, behold, I am in your hand: do with me as seem
280,troy these husbandmen, and shall give the vineyard to others. And when they heard it, they said, God forbid. 
And he beheld them, and said, What is this then that is written, The stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the corner? 
Whosoever shall fall u
323,head. 
The blueness of a wound cleanseth away evil: so do stripes the inward parts of the belly. 
The king's heart is in the hand of the LORD, as the rivers of water: he turneth it whithersoever he will. 
Every way of a man is right in his own eyes: but the LORD pondereth the hearts. 
To do justice and judgment is more ac
355,let the governor of the Jews and the elders of the Jews build this house of God in his place. 
Moreover I make a decree what ye shall do to the elders of these Jews for the building of this house of God: that of the king's goods, even of the tribute beyond the river, forthwith expenses be given unto these men, that they be not hindered. 
And that which 
320,jamin gathered themselves together unto Jerusalem within three days. It was the ninth month, on the twentieth day of the month; and all the people sat in the street of the house of God, trembling because of this matter, and for the great rain. 
And Ezra the priest stood up, and said unto them, Ye have transgressed, and
352,thy servant, and Zadok the priest, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and thy servant Solomon, hath he not called. 
Is this thing done by my lord the king, and thou hast not shewed it unto thy servant, who should sit on the throne of my lord the king after him? 
Then king David answered and said, Call me Bathsheba. And she came into the king's presence
306,n his forehead, that the stone sunk into his forehead; and he fell upon his face to the earth. 
So David prevailed over the Philistine with a sling and with a stone, and smote the Philistine, and slew him; but there was no sword in the hand of David. 
Therefore David ran, and stood upon the Philistine, an
302,m that love him: but all the wicked will he destroy. 
My mouth shall speak the praise of the LORD: and let all flesh bless his holy name for ever and ever. 
Praise ye the LORD. Praise the LORD, O my soul. 
While I live will I praise the LORD: I will sing praises unto my God while I have any being. 
Pu
352,because ye have been with me from the beginning. 
These things have I spoken unto you, that ye should not be offended. 
They shall put you out of the synagogues: yea, the time cometh, that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service. 
And these things will they do unto you, because they have not known the Father, nor me. 
But these thi
332,proclaim on the selfsame day, that it may be an holy convocation unto you: ye shall do no servile work therein: it shall be a statute for ever in all your dwellings throughout your generations. 
And when ye reap the harvest of your land, thou shalt not make clean riddance of the corners of thy field when thou reapest, neither shal
301,ns shall be shaken: 
And then shall appear the sign of the Son of man in heaven: and then shall all the tribes of the earth mourn, and they shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory. 
And he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet, and they shall
286, in the large and fat land which thou gavest before them, neither turned they from their wicked works. 
Behold, we are servants this day, and for the land that thou gavest unto our fathers to eat the fruit thereof and the good thereof, behold, we are servants in it: 
And it yieldeth mu
275,alt be buried there, thou, and all thy friends, to whom thou hast prophesied lies. 
O LORD, thou hast deceived me, and I was deceived; thou art stronger than I, and hast prevailed: I am in derision daily, every one mocketh me. 
For since I spake, I cried out, I cried violenc
303,rmer time desolate and waste. 
Who cut up mallows by the bushes, and juniper roots for their meat. 
They were driven forth from among men, (they cried after them as after a thief;) 
To dwell in the cliffs of the valleys, in caves of the earth, and in the rocks. 
Among the bushes they brayed; under the 
281,on; this day have I begotten thee. 
Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession. 
Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel. 
Be wise now therefore
295,t, 
And houses full of all good things, which thou filledst not, and wells digged, which thou diggedst not, vineyards and olive trees, which thou plantedst not; when thou shalt have eaten and be full; 
Then beware lest thou forget the LORD, which brought thee forth out of the land of Egypt, fro
283,be smitten that he die, there shall no blood be shed for him. 
If the sun be risen upon him, there shall be blood shed for him; for he should make full restitution; if he have nothing, then he shall be sold for his theft. 
If the theft be certainly found in his hand alive, whether i
347,
And ye shall point out your east border from Hazarenan to Shepham: 
And the coast shall go down from Shepham to Riblah, on the east side of Ain; and the border shall descend, and shall reach unto the side of the sea of Chinnereth eastward: 
And the border shall go down to Jordan, and the goings out of it shall be at the salt sea: this shall be 
266,him that hateth peace. 
I am for peace: but when I speak, they are for war. 
I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from whence cometh my help. 
My help cometh from the LORD, which made heaven and earth. 
He will not suffer thy foot to be moved: he that keepeth th
295,y into the village over against you: and as soon as ye be entered into it, ye shall find a colt tied, whereon never man sat; loose him, and bring him. 
And if any man say unto you, Why do ye this? say ye that the Lord hath need of him; and straightway he will send him hither. 
And they went the
282,but mire: so Jeremiah sunk in the mire. 
Now when Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, one of the eunuchs which was in the king's house, heard that they had put Jeremiah in the dungeon; the king then sitting in the gate of Benjamin; 
Ebedmelech went forth out of the king's house, and spake to
328,amilies, and after the house of their fathers, 
From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that came to do the service of the ministry, and the service of the burden in the tabernacle of the congregation. 
Even those that were numbered of them, were eight thousand and five hundred and fourscore, 
Acc
277,ceive this saying, save they to whom it is given. 
For there are some eunuchs, which were so born from their mother's womb: and there are some eunuchs, which were made eunuchs of men: and there be eunuchs, which have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven's sake. He
273,first bring Michal Saul's daughter, when thou comest to see my face. 
And David sent messengers to Ishbosheth Saul's son, saying, Deliver me my wife Michal, which I espoused to me for an hundred foreskins of the Philistines. 
And Ishbosheth sent, and took her from her husb
356,f his city shall send and fetch him thence, and deliver him into the hand of the avenger of blood, that he may die. 
Thine eye shall not pity him, but thou shalt put away the guilt of innocent blood from Israel, that it may go well with thee. 
Thou shalt not remove thy neighbour's landmark, which they of old time have set in thine inheritance, which thou
354,at Nabal was dead, he said, Blessed be the LORD, that hath pleaded the cause of my reproach from the hand of Nabal, and hath kept his servant from evil: for the LORD hath returned the wickedness of Nabal upon his own head. And David sent and communed with Abigail, to take her to him to wife. 
And when the servants of David were come to Abigail to Carme
244,the LORD done thus unto this land? what meaneth the heat of this great anger? 
Then men shall say, Because they have forsaken the covenant of the LORD God of their fathers, which he made with them when he brought them forth out of the land of E
246,, and he in him. And hereby we know that he abideth in us, by the Spirit which he hath given us. 
Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God: because many false prophets are gone out into the world. 
Hereby kno
305,e thee; and do unto them, as thou hast done unto me for all my transgressions: for my sighs are many, and my heart is faint. 
How hath the LORD covered the daughter of Zion with a cloud in his anger, and cast down from heaven unto the earth the beauty of Israel, and remembered not his footstool in the da
327, up, 
And upon every high tower, and upon every fenced wall, 
And upon all the ships of Tarshish, and upon all pleasant pictures. 
And the loftiness of man shall be bowed down, and the haughtiness of men shall be made low: and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day. 
And the idols he shall utterly abolish. 
And they shal
255,t went and played the harlot also. 
And it came to pass through the lightness of her whoredom, that she defiled the land, and committed adultery with stones and with stocks. 
And yet for all this her treacherous sister Judah hath not turned unto me with h
297, LORD the cup of his fury; thou hast drunken the dregs of the cup of trembling, and wrung them out. 
There is none to guide her among all the sons whom she hath brought forth; neither is there any that taketh her by the hand of all the sons that she hath brought up. 
These two things are come unt
298,and unto all the children of Israel, and say unto them, Whatsoever he be of the house of Israel, or of the strangers in Israel, that will offer his oblation for all his vows, and for all his freewill offerings, which they will offer unto the LORD for a burnt offering; 
Ye shall offer at your own w
335,ltitude; and the LORD hath blessed thee since my coming: and now when shall I provide for mine own house also? 
And he said, What shall I give thee? And Jacob said, Thou shalt not give me any thing: if thou wilt do this thing for me, I will again feed and keep thy flock. 
I will pass through all thy flock to day, removing from thence
326,pirit: the terrors of God do set themselves in array against me. 
Doth the wild ass bray when he hath grass? or loweth the ox over his fodder? 
Can that which is unsavoury be eaten without salt? or is there any taste in the white of an egg? 
The things that my soul refused to touch are as my sorrowful meat. 
Oh that I might 
251,e rock, from the beginning of harvest until water dropped upon them out of heaven, and suffered neither the birds of the air to rest on them by day, nor the beasts of the field by night. 
And it was told David what Rizpah the daughter of Aiah, the con
256,uth: one at the side of the east gate having the prospect toward the north. 
And he said unto me, This chamber, whose prospect is toward the south, is for the priests, the keepers of the charge of the house. 
And the chamber whose prospect is toward the no
265,turn. 
And when the children of Ammon saw that they had made themselves odious to David, Hanun and the children of Ammon sent a thousand talents of silver to hire them chariots and horsemen out of Mesopotamia, and out of Syriamaachah, and out of Zobah. 
So they hir
278,ether thou refuse, or whether thou choose; and not I: therefore speak what thou knowest. 
Let men of understanding tell me, and let a wise man hearken unto me. 
Job hath spoken without knowledge, and his words were without wisdom. 
My desire is that Job may be tried unto the en
294,companied him. 
And the morrow after they entered into Caesarea. And Cornelius waited for them, and he had called together his kinsmen and near friends. 
And as Peter was coming in, Cornelius met him, and fell down at his feet, and worshipped him. 
But Peter took him up, saying, Stand up; I my
303,of their sins, 
Through the tender mercy of our God; whereby the dayspring from on high hath visited us, 
To give light to them that sit in darkness and in the shadow of death, to guide our feet into the way of peace. 
And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, and was in the deserts till the day 
241,im that sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb for ever and ever. 
And the four beasts said, Amen. And the four and twenty elders fell down and worshipped him that liveth for ever and ever. 
And I saw when the Lamb opened one of the seal
357,and bond, both small and great. 
And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat on the horse, and against his army. 
And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them t
288,the covenant of the LORD; when it passed over Jordan, the waters of Jordan were cut off: and these stones shall be for a memorial unto the children of Israel for ever. 
And the children of Israel did so as Joshua commanded, and took up twelve stones out of the midst of Jordan, as the LOR
258,earn a parable of the fig tree; When his branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh: 
So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors. 
Verily I say unto you, This generation shall 
317,or them: for there is wrath gone out from the LORD; the plague is begun. 
And Aaron took as Moses commanded, and ran into the midst of the congregation; and, behold, the plague was begun among the people: and he put on incense, and made an atonement for the people. 
And he stood between the dead and the living; and 
337,ut what sayest thou? 
This they said, tempting him, that they might have to accuse him. But Jesus stooped down, and with his finger wrote on the ground, as though he heard them not. 
So when they continued asking him, he lifted up himself, and said unto them, He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her. 
And aga
273,y, to slay and to cause to perish, all the power of the people and province that would assault them, both little ones and women, and to take the spoil of them for a prey, 
Upon one day in all the provinces of king Ahasuerus, namely, upon the thirteenth day of the twelfth m
269,ot forward. 
Since the day that your fathers came forth out of the land of Egypt unto this day I have even sent unto you all my servants the prophets, daily rising up early and sending them: 
Yet they hearkened not unto me, nor inclined their ear, but hardened their ne
300,sand, and of sheep two hundred and fifty thousand, and of asses two thousand, and of men an hundred thousand. 
For there fell down many slain, because the war was of God. And they dwelt in their steads until the captivity. 
And the children of the half tribe of Manasseh dwelt in the land: they incre
338,ath devoured her fruit, so that she hath no strong rod to be a sceptre to rule. This is a lamentation, and shall be for a lamentation. 
And it came to pass in the seventh year, in the fifth month, the tenth day of the month, that certain of the elders of Israel came to enquire of the LORD, and sat before me. 
Then came the word of the L
303,e burned up the wicked. 
They made a calf in Horeb, and worshipped the molten image. 
Thus they changed their glory into the similitude of an ox that eateth grass. 
They forgat God their saviour, which had done great things in Egypt; 
Wondrous works in the land of Ham, and terrible things by the Red se
320,ference between holy and unholy, and between unclean and clean; 
And that ye may teach the children of Israel all the statutes which the LORD hath spoken unto them by the hand of Moses. 
And Moses spake unto Aaron, and unto Eleazar and unto Ithamar, his sons that were left, Take the meat offering that remaineth of the 
258,y taught my people to swear by Baal; then shall they be built in the midst of my people. 
But if they will not obey, I will utterly pluck up and destroy that nation, saith the LORD. 
Thus saith the LORD unto me, Go and get thee a linen girdle, and put it upo
296,ained in the sides of the cave. 
And the men of David said unto him, Behold the day of which the LORD said unto thee, Behold, I will deliver thine enemy into thine hand, that thou mayest do to him as it shall seem good unto thee. Then David arose, and cut off the skirt of Saul's robe privily. 
A
302,ed shall he not break, and the smoking flax shall he not quench: he shall bring forth judgment unto truth. 
He shall not fail nor be discouraged, till he have set judgment in the earth: and the isles shall wait for his law. 
Thus saith God the LORD, he that created the heavens, and stretched them out;
359,m, Whose is this image and superscription? 
They say unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's. 
When they had heard these words, they marvelled, and left him, and went their way. 
The same day came to him the Sadducees, which say that there is no resurrect
247,eir way is their folly: yet their posterity approve their sayings. Selah. 
Like sheep they are laid in the grave; death shall feed on them; and the upright shall have dominion over them in the morning; and their beauty shall consume in the grave f
252,m the earth: but he would not, neither did he eat bread with them. 
And it came to pass on the seventh day, that the child died. And the servants of David feared to tell him that the child was dead: for they said, Behold, while the child was yet alive,
267,ew to the shore. 
And when they were come out of the ship, straightway they knew him, 
And ran through that whole region round about, and began to carry about in beds those that were sick, where they heard he was. 
And whithersoever he entered, into villages, or citi
250,d he said unto them, Exact no more than that which is appointed you. 
And the soldiers likewise demanded of him, saying, And what shall we do? And he said unto them, Do violence to no man, neither accuse any falsely; and be content with your wages. 

276,eneth not his mouth. 
Thus I was as a man that heareth not, and in whose mouth are no reproofs. 
For in thee, O LORD, do I hope: thou wilt hear, O Lord my God. 
For I said, Hear me, lest otherwise they should rejoice over me: when my foot slippeth, they magnify themselves aga
299,, due for every day. 
And Pethahiah the son of Meshezabeel, of the children of Zerah the son of Judah, was at the king's hand in all matters concerning the people. 
And for the villages, with their fields, some of the children of Judah dwelt at Kirjatharba, and in the villages thereof, and at Dibon
292,: for our trespass is great, and there is fierce wrath against Israel. 
So the armed men left the captives and the spoil before the princes and all the congregation. 
And the men which were expressed by name rose up, and took the captives, and with the spoil clothed all that were naked among
257,to him he said, Behold, I have caused thine iniquity to pass from thee, and I will clothe thee with change of raiment. 
And I said, Let them set a fair mitre upon his head. So they set a fair mitre upon his head, and clothed him with garments. And the angel
353, eyelids try, the children of men. 
The LORD trieth the righteous: but the wicked and him that loveth violence his soul hateth. 
Upon the wicked he shall rain snares, fire and brimstone, and an horrible tempest: this shall be the portion of their cup. 
For the righteous LORD loveth righteousness; his countenance doth behold the upright. 
Help, LORD; f
243,ple of other lands? were the gods of the nations of those lands any ways able to deliver their lands out of mine hand? 
Who was there among all the gods of those nations that my fathers utterly destroyed, that could deliver his people out of m
289,ly shall be sanctified in righteousness. 
Then shall the lambs feed after their manner, and the waste places of the fat ones shall strangers eat. 
Woe unto them that draw iniquity with cords of vanity, and sin as it were with a cart rope: 
That say, Let him make speed, and hasten his work
293,g that thou shouldest be my servant to raise up the tribes of Jacob, and to restore the preserved of Israel: I will also give thee for a light to the Gentiles, that thou mayest be my salvation unto the end of the earth. 
Thus saith the LORD, the Redeemer of Israel, and his Holy One, to him wh
321, have we to do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazareth? art thou come to destroy us? I know thee who thou art; the Holy One of God. 
And Jesus rebuked him, saying, Hold thy peace, and come out of him. And when the devil had thrown him in the midst, he came out of him, and hurt him not. 
And they were all amazed, and spake amo
259,tali: 
And the sons of Zilpah, Leah's handmaid: Gad, and Asher: these are the sons of Jacob, which were born to him in Padanaram. 
And Jacob came unto Isaac his father unto Mamre, unto the city of Arbah, which is Hebron, where Abraham and Isaac sojourned. 
An
258,nes; for Nadab and all Israel laid siege to Gibbethon. 
Even in the third year of Asa king of Judah did Baasha slay him, and reigned in his stead. 
And it came to pass, when he reigned, that he smote all the house of Jeroboam; he left not to Jeroboam any tha
267,ommanded him; and the assembly was gathered together unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And Moses said unto the congregation, This is the thing which the LORD commanded to be done. 
And Moses brought Aaron and his sons, and washed them with water. 
345,s born of God, and knoweth God. 
He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love. 
In this was manifested the love of God toward us, because that God sent his only begotten Son into the world, that we might live through him. 
Herein is love, not that we loved God, but that he loved us, and sent his Son to be the propitiation for our sins. 
262,than said to the young man that bare his armour, Come, and let us go over unto the garrison of these uncircumcised: it may be that the LORD will work for us: for there is no restraint to the LORD to save by many or by few. 
And his armourbearer said unto him, Do
250,er far off, and remain in the wilderness. Selah. 
I would hasten my escape from the windy storm and tempest. 
Destroy, O Lord, and divide their tongues: for I have seen violence and strife in the city. 
Day and night they go about it upon the walls t
266,, and redeem us for thy mercies' sake. 
My heart is inditing a good matter: I speak of the things which I have made touching the king: my tongue is the pen of a ready writer. 
Thou art fairer than the children of men: grace is poured into thy lips: therefore God hat
291,erchandise of it is better than the merchandise of silver, and the gain thereof than fine gold. 
She is more precious than rubies: and all the things thou canst desire are not to be compared unto her. 
Length of days is in her right hand; and in her left hand riches and honour. 
Her ways ar
355,y the famine, and by the pestilence: but he that goeth forth to the Chaldeans shall live; for he shall have his life for a prey, and shall live. 
Thus saith the LORD, This city shall surely be given into the hand of the king of Babylon's army, which shall take it. 
Therefore the princes said unto the king, We beseech thee, let this man be put to death: 
323,nd of the LORD was upon me, and brought me thither. 
In the visions of God brought he me into the land of Israel, and set me upon a very high mountain, by which was as the frame of a city on the south. 
And he brought me thither, and, behold, there was a man, whose appearance was like the appearance of brass, with a line 
276,n: Joseph is not, and Simeon is not, and ye will take Benjamin away: all these things are against me. 
And Reuben spake unto his father, saying, Slay my two sons, if I bring him not to thee: deliver him into my hand, and I will bring him to thee again. 
And he said, My son sh
307, he shall eat: because he hath nothing left him in the siege, and in the straitness, wherewith thine enemies shall distress thee in all thy gates. 
The tender and delicate woman among you, which would not adventure to set the sole of her foot upon the ground for delicateness and tenderness, her eye shall b
280,ccord in one place. 
And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. 
And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them. 
And they were all filled with the Holy G
242,and a half the height thereof: 
And he overlaid it with pure gold, and made thereunto a crown of gold round about. 
Also he made thereunto a border of an handbreadth round about; and made a crown of gold for the border thereof round about. 
A
303,ders of Israel, saying, Ye sought for David in times past to be king over you: 
Now then do it: for the LORD hath spoken of David, saying, By the hand of my servant David I will save my people Israel out of the hand of the Philistines, and out of the hand of all their enemies. 
And Abner also spake in 
352,reof round about shall be a span: and this shall be the higher place of the altar. 
And from the bottom upon the ground even to the lower settle shall be two cubits, and the breadth one cubit; and from the lesser settle even to the greater settle shall be four cubits, and the breadth one cubit. 
So the altar shall be four cubits; and from the altar a
286,ants; and all the waters that were in the river were turned to blood. 
And the fish that was in the river died; and the river stank, and the Egyptians could not drink of the water of the river; and there was blood throughout all the land of Egypt. 
And the magicians of Egypt did so wit
280, all that hear me this day, were both almost, and altogether such as I am, except these bonds. 
And when he had thus spoken, the king rose up, and the governor, and Bernice, and they that sat with them: 
And when they were gone aside, they talked between themselves, saying, This 
338, her, If they bind me fast with new ropes that never were occupied, then shall I be weak, and be as another man. 
Delilah therefore took new ropes, and bound him therewith, and said unto him, The Philistines be upon thee, Samson. And there were liers in wait abiding in the chamber. And he brake them from off his arms like a thread. 
And
262,shed and brought up children, and they have rebelled against me. 
The ox knoweth his owner, and the ass his master's crib: but Israel doth not know, my people doth not consider. 
Ah sinful nation, a people laden with iniquity, a seed of evildoers, children that 
307,ad offered: 
I even weighed unto their hand six hundred and fifty talents of silver, and silver vessels an hundred talents, and of gold an hundred talents; 
Also twenty basons of gold, of a thousand drams; and two vessels of fine copper, precious as gold. 
And I said unto them, Ye are holy unto the LORD; t
303,on of Imri, the son of Bani, of the children of Pharez the son of Judah. 
And of the Shilonites; Asaiah the firstborn, and his sons. 
And of the sons of Zerah; Jeuel, and their brethren, six hundred and ninety. 
And of the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Hodaviah, the son of Ha
319,ighty man, and their heart shall rejoice as through wine: yea, their children shall see it, and be glad; their heart shall rejoice in the LORD. 
I will hiss for them, and gather them; for I have redeemed them: and they shall increase as they have increased. 
And I will sow them among the people: and they shall remembe
297,tar of the LORD thy God: and the blood of thy sacrifices shall be poured out upon the altar of the LORD thy God, and thou shalt eat the flesh. 
Observe and hear all these words which I command thee, that it may go well with thee, and with thy children after thee for ever, when thou doest that whi
247,shall appoint for the manslayer, that he may flee thither: and to them ye shall add forty and two cities. 
So all the cities which ye shall give to the Levites shall be forty and eight cities: them shall ye give with their suburbs. 
And the cities
266,But if he shall any ways make them void after that he hath heard them; then he shall bear her iniquity. 
These are the statutes, which the LORD commanded Moses, between a man and his wife, between the father and his daughter, being yet in her youth in her father's h
244,odly vessels thereof. 
And them that had escaped from the sword carried he away to Babylon; where they were servants to him and his sons until the reign of the kingdom of Persia: 
To fulfil the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah, until t
353,he sun be hot; and while they stand by, let them shut the doors, and bar them: and appoint watches of the inhabitants of Jerusalem, every one in his watch, and every one to be over against his house. 
Now the city was large and great: but the people were few therein, and the houses were not builded. 
And my God put into mine heart to gather together t
329,dness; that the bones which thou hast broken may rejoice. 
Hide thy face from my sins, and blot out all mine iniquities. 
Create in me a clean heart, O God; and renew a right spirit within me. 
Cast me not away from thy presence; and take not thy holy spirit from me. 
Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation; and uphold me with
287,fied. 
And if ye will not for all this hearken unto me, but walk contrary unto me; 
Then I will walk contrary unto you also in fury; and I, even I, will chastise you seven times for your sins. 
And ye shall eat the flesh of your sons, and the flesh of your daughters shall ye eat. 
And I
258,saw what was done, they were very sorry, and came and told unto their lord all that was done. 
Then his lord, after that he had called him, said unto him, O thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all that debt, because thou desiredst me: 
Shouldest not thou als
294,to the kingdom of God. 
That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit. 
Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again. 
The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but canst not tell whence it cometh, and whither i
350,n harlot: and Gilead begat Jephthah. 
And Gilead's wife bare him sons; and his wife's sons grew up, and they thrust out Jephthah, and said unto him, Thou shalt not inherit in our father's house; for thou art the son of a strange woman. 
Then Jephthah fled from his brethren, and dwelt in the land of Tob: and there were gathered vain men to Jephthah,
288,art of the stars of heaven, and did cast them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered, for to devour her child as soon as it was born. 
And she brought forth a man child, who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron: and her child was caught 
300,, and a turtledove, and a young pigeon. 
And he took unto him all these, and divided them in the midst, and laid each piece one against another: but the birds divided he not. 
And when the fowls came down upon the carcases, Abram drove them away. 
And when the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell u
358,hy counsellor perished? for pangs have taken thee as a woman in travail. 
Be in pain, and labour to bring forth, O daughter of Zion, like a woman in travail: for now shalt thou go forth out of the city, and thou shalt dwell in the field, and thou shalt go even to Babylon; there shalt thou be delivered; there the LORD shall redeem thee from the hand of thin
254,he spake by the hand of his servant Ahijah the prophet. 
And the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, how he warred, and how he reigned, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel. 
And the days which Jeroboam reigned were two
339,without, was five cubits: and that which was left was the place of the side chambers that were within. 
And between the chambers was the wideness of twenty cubits round about the house on every side. 
And the doors of the side chambers were toward the place that was left, one door toward the north, and another door toward the south: and 
294,hur, and Aram, with the towns of Jair, from them, with Kenath, and the towns thereof, even threescore cities. All these belonged to the sons of Machir the father of Gilead. 
And after that Hezron was dead in Calebephratah, then Abiah Hezron's wife bare him Ashur the father of Tekoa. 
And the s
317,her, glorify thy name. Then came there a voice from heaven, saying, I have both glorified it, and will glorify it again. 
The people therefore, that stood by, and heard it, said that it thundered: others said, An angel spake to him. 
Jesus answered and said, This voice came not because of me, but for your sakes. 
No
356,rneyed: whether it was by day or by night that the cloud was taken up, they journeyed. 
Or whether it were two days, or a month, or a year, that the cloud tarried upon the tabernacle, remaining thereon, the children of Israel abode in their tents, and journeyed not: but when it was taken up, they journeyed. 
At the commandment of the LORD they rested in 
285,o evil, and thy tongue frameth deceit. 
Thou sittest and speakest against thy brother; thou slanderest thine own mother's son. 
These things hast thou done, and I kept silence; thou thoughtest that I was altogether such an one as thyself: but I will reprove thee, and set them in order
258,LORD, until the day that I rise up to the prey: for my determination is to gather the nations, that I may assemble the kingdoms, to pour upon them mine indignation, even all my fierce anger: for all the earth shall be devoured with the fire of my jealousy. 

314,lver, and gold, and vessels of brass and iron, are consecrated unto the LORD: they shall come into the treasury of the LORD. 
So the people shouted when the priests blew with the trumpets: and it came to pass, when the people heard the sound of the trumpet, and the people shouted with a great shout, that the wall
334,nd these are the names of his daughters; Mahlah, Noah, and Hoglah, and Milcah, and Tirzah. 
And they stood before Moses, and before Eleazar the priest, and before the princes and all the congregation, by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, saying, 
Our father died in the wilderness, and he was not in the company of them 
320,y required: the porters also by their courses at every gate: for so had David the man of God commanded. 
And they departed not from the commandment of the king unto the priests and Levites concerning any matter, or concerning the treasures. 
Now all the work of Solomon was prepared unto the day of the foundation of the
341,s neighbour findeth no favour in his eyes. 
When the scorner is punished, the simple is made wise: and when the wise is instructed, he receiveth knowledge. 
The righteous man wisely considereth the house of the wicked: but God overthroweth the wicked for their wickedness. 
Whoso stoppeth his ears at the cry of the poor, he also shall cry h
268,rverseness in Israel: the LORD his God is with him, and the shout of a king is among them. 
God brought them out of Egypt; he hath as it were the strength of an unicorn. 
Surely there is no enchantment against Jacob, neither is there any divination against Israel: acc
289,lez the Pelonite, 
Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite, Abiezer the Antothite, 
Sibbecai the Hushathite, Ilai the Ahohite, 
Maharai the Netophathite, Heled the son of Baanah the Netophathite, 
Ithai the son of Ribai of Gibeah, that pertained to the children of Benjamin, Benaiah the Pirathon
359,hee the bride, the Lamb's wife. 
And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain, and shewed me that great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from God, 
Having the glory of God: and her light was like unto a stone most precious, even like a jasper stone, clear as crystal; 
And had a wall great and high, and had twelve gates
298,or me. 
For he is not a man, as I am, that I should answer him, and we should come together in judgment. 
Neither is there any daysman betwixt us, that might lay his hand upon us both. 
Let him take his rod away from me, and let not his fear terrify me: 
Then would I speak, and not fear him; but i
356,e bread. 
Behold Israel after the flesh: are not they which eat of the sacrifices partakers of the altar? 
What say I then? that the idol is any thing, or that which is offered in sacrifice to idols is any thing? 
But I say, that the things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils, and not to God: and I would not that ye should have fellows
295,at repenteth. 
And he said, A certain man had two sons: 
And the younger of them said to his father, Father, give me the portion of goods that falleth to me. And he divided unto them his living. 
And not many days after the younger son gathered all together, and took his journey into a far coun
315,ll utterly destroy every male, and every woman that hath lain by man. 
And they found among the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead four hundred young virgins, that had known no man by lying with any male: and they brought them unto the camp to Shiloh, which is in the land of Canaan. 
And the whole congregation sent some 
311,ny other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved. 
Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus. 
And beholding the man which
261,emove the landmarks; they violently take away flocks, and feed thereof. 
They drive away the ass of the fatherless, they take the widow's ox for a pledge. 
They turn the needy out of the way: the poor of the earth hide themselves together. 
Behold, as wild asse
348,on, which dwelleth at Jerusalem. Praise ye the LORD. 
O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
O give thanks unto the God of gods: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
O give thanks to the Lord of lords: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
To him who alone doeth great wonders: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
To 
306, the servant of Mephibosheth met him, with a couple of asses saddled, and upon them two hundred loaves of bread, and an hundred bunches of raisins, and an hundred of summer fruits, and a bottle of wine. 
And the king said unto Ziba, What meanest thou by these? And Ziba said, The asses be for the king's ho
285,to the people, Shout; for the LORD hath given you the city. 
And the city shall be accursed, even it, and all that are therein, to the LORD: only Rahab the harlot shall live, she and all that are with her in the house, because she hid the messengers that we sent. 
And ye, in any wise 
262,I will send him unto you. 
And when he is come, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment: 
Of sin, because they believe not on me; 
Of righteousness, because I go to my Father, and ye see me no more; 
Of judgment, because the princ
322,ys higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts. 
For as the rain cometh down, and the snow from heaven, and returneth not thither, but watereth the earth, and maketh it bring forth and bud, that it may give seed to the sower, and bread to the eater: 
So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth: it 
311,de thee a god to Pharaoh: and Aaron thy brother shall be thy prophet. 
Thou shalt speak all that I command thee: and Aaron thy brother shall speak unto Pharaoh, that he send the children of Israel out of his land. 
And I will harden Pharaoh's heart, and multiply my signs and my wonders in the land of Egypt. 
B
266,were on the other side of the flood, or the gods of the Amorites, in whose land ye dwell: but as for me and my house, we will serve the LORD. 
And the people answered and said, God forbid that we should forsake the LORD, to serve other gods; 
For the LORD our God, h
334,ot depart. 
For though ye had smitten the whole army of the Chaldeans that fight against you, and there remained but wounded men among them, yet should they rise up every man in his tent, and burn this city with fire. 
And it came to pass, that when the army of the Chaldeans was broken up from Jerusalem for fear of Pharaoh's army, 

327,d him away by the hand of a fit man into the wilderness: 
And the goat shall bear upon him all their iniquities unto a land not inhabited: and he shall let go the goat in the wilderness. 
And Aaron shall come into the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall put off the linen garments, which he put on when he went into the h
304, silver, and in brass, 
And in the cutting of stones, to set them, and in carving of wood, to make any manner of cunning work. 
And he hath put in his heart that he may teach, both he, and Aholiab, the son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan. 
Them hath he filled with wisdom of heart, to work all manner o
358,ried captive, and turn and pray unto thee in the land of their captivity, saying, We have sinned, we have done amiss, and have dealt wickedly; 
If they return to thee with all their heart and with all their soul in the land of their captivity, whither they have carried them captives, and pray toward their land, which thou gavest unto their fathers, and tow
277,oblation that ye shall offer unto the LORD shall be of five and twenty thousand in length, and of ten thousand in breadth. 
And for them, even for the priests, shall be this holy oblation; toward the north five and twenty thousand in length, and toward the west ten thousand in
305,en into the hand of the Chaldeans, that fight against it, because of the sword, and of the famine, and of the pestilence: and what thou hast spoken is come to pass; and, behold, thou seest it. 
And thou hast said unto me, O Lord GOD, Buy thee the field for money, and take witnesses; for the city is given
253, and made cakes of it: and the taste of it was as the taste of fresh oil. 
And when the dew fell upon the camp in the night, the manna fell upon it. 
Then Moses heard the people weep throughout their families, every man in the door of his tent: and the 
325,they laughed him to scorn, knowing that she was dead. 
And he put them all out, and took her by the hand, and called, saying, Maid, arise. 
And her spirit came again, and she arose straightway: and he commanded to give her meat. 
And her parents were astonished: but he charged them that they should tell no man what was done
322,enant with you, that I may thrust out all your right eyes, and lay it for a reproach upon all Israel. 
And the elders of Jabesh said unto him, Give us seven days' respite, that we may send messengers unto all the coasts of Israel: and then, if there be no man to save us, we will come out to thee. 
Then came the messenger
251,cold. 
And when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks, and laid them on the fire, there came a viper out of the heat, and fastened on his hand. 
And when the barbarians saw the venomous beast hang on his hand, they said among themselves, No doubt this 
317,, like to the children of Judah. 
And they dwelt at Beersheba, and Moladah, and Hazarshual, 
And at Bilhah, and at Ezem, and at Tolad, 
And at Bethuel, and at Hormah, and at Ziklag, 
And at Bethmarcaboth, and Hazarsusim, and at Bethbirei, and at Shaaraim. These were their cities unto the reign of David. 
And their v
350, own eyes. 
Then was kindled the wrath of Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite, of the kindred of Ram: against Job was his wrath kindled, because he justified himself rather than God. 
Also against his three friends was his wrath kindled, because they had found no answer, and yet had condemned Job. 
Now Elihu had waited till Job had spoken, because
345,. 
And he said unto them, Look on me, and do likewise: and, behold, when I come to the outside of the camp, it shall be that, as I do, so shall ye do. 
When I blow with a trumpet, I and all that are with me, then blow ye the trumpets also on every side of all the camp, and say, The sword of the LORD, and of Gideon. 
So Gideon, and the hundred 
352,joy of heart, but ye shall cry for sorrow of heart, and shall howl for vexation of spirit. 
And ye shall leave your name for a curse unto my chosen: for the Lord GOD shall slay thee, and call his servants by another name: 
That he who blesseth himself in the earth shall bless himself in the God of truth; and he that sweareth in the earth shall swear 
315, reigned from Adam to Moses, even over them that had not sinned after the similitude of Adam's transgression, who is the figure of him that was to come. 
But not as the offence, so also is the free gift. For if through the offence of one many be dead, much more the grace of God, and the gift by grace, which is by 
305, they bind me fast with new ropes that never were occupied, then shall I be weak, and be as another man. 
Delilah therefore took new ropes, and bound him therewith, and said unto him, The Philistines be upon thee, Samson. And there were liers in wait abiding in the chamber. And he brake them from off his
243,ants of the land from before you; then it shall come to pass, that those which ye let remain of them shall be pricks in your eyes, and thorns in your sides, and shall vex you in the land wherein ye dwell. 
Moreover it shall come to pass, that 
321,the gospel, I may make the gospel of Christ without charge, that I abuse not my power in the gospel. 
For though I be free from all men, yet have I made myself servant unto all, that I might gain the more. 
And unto the Jews I became as a Jew, that I might gain the Jews; to them that are under the law, as under the law,
357,uried him in Ramah, even in his own city. And Saul had put away those that had familiar spirits, and the wizards, out of the land. 
And the Philistines gathered themselves together, and came and pitched in Shunem: and Saul gathered all Israel together, and they pitched in Gilboa. 
And when Saul saw the host of the Philistines, he was afraid, and his heart
308,said, If ye send away the ark of the God of Israel, send it not empty; but in any wise return him a trespass offering: then ye shall be healed, and it shall be known to you why his hand is not removed from you. 
Then said they, What shall be the trespass offering which we shall return to him? They answered,
342,all the wealth which God shall give Israel: and there shall not be an old man in thine house for ever. 
And the man of thine, whom I shall not cut off from mine altar, shall be to consume thine eyes, and to grieve thine heart: and all the increase of thine house shall die in the flower of their age. 
And this shall be a sign unto thee, that
296,est border unto the east border. 
In the land shall be his possession in Israel: and my princes shall no more oppress my people; and the rest of the land shall they give to the house of Israel according to their tribes. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; Let it suffice you, O princes of Israel: remove vi
299,RD; neither be weary of his correction: 
For whom the LORD loveth he correcteth; even as a father the son in whom he delighteth. 
Happy is the man that findeth wisdom, and the man that getteth understanding. 
For the merchandise of it is better than the merchandise of silver, and the gain thereof t
300,ob; and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths: for the law shall go forth of Zion, and the word of the LORD from Jerusalem. 
And he shall judge among many people, and rebuke strong nations afar off; and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruning
274,rn not thou unto them. 
And I will make thee unto this people a fenced brasen wall: and they shall fight against thee, but they shall not prevail against thee: for I am with thee to save thee and to deliver thee, saith the LORD. 
And I will deliver thee out of the hand of t
260,in the scripture of truth: and there is none that holdeth with me in these things, but Michael your prince. 
Also I in the first year of Darius the Mede, even I, stood to confirm and to strengthen him. 
And now will I shew thee the truth. Behold, there shall s
277,ires of the wicked: further not his wicked device; lest they exalt themselves. Selah. 
As for the head of those that compass me about, let the mischief of their own lips cover them. 
Let burning coals fall upon them: let them be cast into the fire; into deep pits, that they ri
240, came the word of God out from you? or came it unto you only? 
If any man think himself to be a prophet, or spiritual, let him acknowledge that the things that I write unto you are the commandments of the Lord. 
But if any man be ignorant, 
352, which are now reported unto you by them that have preached the gospel unto you with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven; which things the angels desire to look into. 
Wherefore gird up the loins of your mind, be sober, and hope to the end for the grace that is to be brought unto you at the revelation of Jesus Christ; 
As obedient children, not fash
347, the elect's sake those days shall be shortened. 
Then if any man shall say unto you, Lo, here is Christ, or there; believe it not. 
For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. 
Behold, I have told you before. 
Wherefore if
280,e multitude of thine iniquity, and the great hatred. 
The watchman of Ephraim was with my God: but the prophet is a snare of a fowler in all his ways, and hatred in the house of his God. 
They have deeply corrupted themselves, as in the days of Gibeah: therefore he will remember 
264,ease, they are increased that eat them: and what good is there to the owners thereof, saving the beholding of them with their eyes? 
The sleep of a labouring man is sweet, whether he eat little or much: but the abundance of the rich will not suffer him to sleep. 

264,f his servants ships, and servants that had knowledge of the sea; and they went with the servants of Solomon to Ophir, and took thence four hundred and fifty talents of gold, and brought them to king Solomon. 
And when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solom
292,rangers be filled with thy wealth; and thy labours be in the house of a stranger; 
And thou mourn at the last, when thy flesh and thy body are consumed, 
And say, How have I hated instruction, and my heart despised reproof; 
And have not obeyed the voice of my teachers, nor inclined mine ear
243,crifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur. 
On the ninth day Abidan the son of Gideoni, prince of the children of Benjamin, offered: 
His
356,hey returned us answer, saying, We are the servants of the God of heaven and earth, and build the house that was builded these many years ago, which a great king of Israel builded and set up. 
But after that our fathers had provoked the God of heaven unto wrath, he gave them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, the Chaldean, who destroyed
283,for the hardness of their hearts, he saith unto the man, Stretch forth thine hand. And he stretched it out: and his hand was restored whole as the other. 
And the Pharisees went forth, and straightway took counsel with the Herodians against him, how they might destroy him. 
But Jesu
340,ore than of the fool for ever; seeing that which now is in the days to come shall all be forgotten. And how dieth the wise man? as the fool. 
Therefore I hated life; because the work that is wrought under the sun is grievous unto me: for all is vanity and vexation of spirit. 
Yea, I hated all my labour which I had taken under the sun: bec
253,e both of them. 
Thus they made a covenant at Beersheba: then Abimelech rose up, and Phichol the chief captain of his host, and they returned into the land of the Philistines. 
And Abraham planted a grove in Beersheba, and called there on the name of th
303,nd, in whom I trusted, which did eat of my bread, hath lifted up his heel against me. 
But thou, O LORD, be merciful unto me, and raise me up, that I may requite them. 
By this I know that thou favourest me, because mine enemy doth not triumph over me. 
And as for me, thou upholdest me in mine integrit
260,, that they may be taken. 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye have made your iniquity to be remembered, in that your transgressions are discovered, so that in all your doings your sins do appear; because, I say, that ye are come to remembrance, ye s
308,of refuge, and Libnah with her suburbs, and Jattir, and Eshtemoa, with their suburbs, 
And Hilen with her suburbs, Debir with her suburbs, 
And Ashan with her suburbs, and Bethshemesh with her suburbs: 
And out of the tribe of Benjamin; Geba with her suburbs, and Alemeth with her suburbs, and Anathoth with 
243,at unto them that fear him: he will ever be mindful of his covenant. 
He hath shewed his people the power of his works, that he may give them the heritage of the heathen. 
The works of his hands are verity and judgment; all his commandments ar
349,settle shall be two cubits, and the breadth one cubit; and from the lesser settle even to the greater settle shall be four cubits, and the breadth one cubit. 
So the altar shall be four cubits; and from the altar and upward shall be four horns. 
And the altar shall be twelve cubits long, twelve broad, square in the four squares thereof. 
And the s
242,termined against it. 
In that day shall five cities in the land of Egypt speak the language of Canaan, and swear to the LORD of hosts; one shall be called, The city of destruction. 
In that day shall there be an altar to the LORD in the midst
300,r it is an inflammation of the burning. 
If a man or woman have a plague upon the head or the beard; 
Then the priest shall see the plague: and, behold, if it be in sight deeper than the skin; and there be in it a yellow thin hair; then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a dry scall, even
328,ts came to Ephesus: and finding certain disciples, 
He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost. 
And he said unto them, Unto what then were ye baptized? And they said, Unto John's baptism. 
Then said Paul, John veril
267,f this isle shall say in that day, Behold, such is our expectation, whither we flee for help to be delivered from the king of Assyria: and how shall we escape? 
The burden of the desert of the sea. As whirlwinds in the south pass through; so it cometh from the desert
249,d I will declare what he hath done for my soul. 
I cried unto him with my mouth, and he was extolled with my tongue. 
If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me: 
But verily God hath heard me; he hath attended to the voice of my pra
346,nations, and they shall dwell safely all of them. 
Thou shalt ascend and come like a storm, thou shalt be like a cloud to cover the land, thou, and all thy bands, and many people with thee. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; It shall also come to pass, that at the same time shall things come into thy mind, and thou shalt think an evil thought: 
And thou
318, saying, This man is worthy to die; for he hath prophesied against this city, as ye have heard with your ears. 
Then spake Jeremiah unto all the princes and to all the people, saying, The LORD sent me to prophesy against this house and against this city all the words that ye have heard. 
Therefore now amend your ways
358,gest of his sons. 
And after all this the LORD smote him in his bowels with an incurable disease. 
And it came to pass, that in process of time, after the end of two years, his bowels fell out by reason of his sickness: so he died of sore diseases. And his people made no burning for him, like the burning of his fathers. 
Thirty and two years old was he whe
303,illages thereof, gave they to Caleb the son of Jephunneh for his possession. 
Thus they gave to the children of Aaron the priest Hebron with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Libnah with her suburbs, 
And Jattir with her suburbs, and Eshtemoa with her suburbs, 
And Holon with her 
252,hem on. 
And he shall take of the congregation of the children of Israel two kids of the goats for a sin offering, and one ram for a burnt offering. 
And Aaron shall offer his bullock of the sin offering, which is for himself, and make an atonement for
286,er, at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all his saints. 
Furthermore then we beseech you, brethren, and exhort you by the Lord Jesus, that as ye have received of us how ye ought to walk and to please God, so ye would abound more and more. 
For ye know what commandments we gave 
304,d Zedekiah king of Judah and his princes will I give into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of them that seek their life, and into the hand of the king of Babylon's army, which are gone up from you. 
Behold, I will command, saith the LORD, and cause them to return to this city; and they shall
310,of his hope. 
If we have sown unto you spiritual things, is it a great thing if we shall reap your carnal things? 
If others be partakers of this power over you, are not we rather? Nevertheless we have not used this power; but suffer all things, lest we should hinder the gospel of Christ. 
Do ye not know that
273,and strength: even to him shall men come; and all that are incensed against him shall be ashamed. 
In the LORD shall all the seed of Israel be justified, and shall glory. 
Bel boweth down, Nebo stoopeth, their idols were upon the beasts, and upon the cattle: your carriages
261,han with them. And they pressed sore upon the man, even Lot, and came near to break the door. 
But the men put forth their hand, and pulled Lot into the house to them, and shut to the door. 
And they smote the men that were at the door of the house with blindne
339,. 
And David smote them from the twilight even unto the evening of the next day: and there escaped not a man of them, save four hundred young men, which rode upon camels, and fled. 
And David recovered all that the Amalekites had carried away: and David rescued his two wives. 
And there was nothing lacking to them, neither small nor grea
297,, even a tenth part of the tithe. 
And this your heave offering shall be reckoned unto you, as though it were the corn of the threshingfloor, and as the fulness of the winepress. 
Thus ye also shall offer an heave offering unto the LORD of all your tithes, which ye receive of the children of Isra
337,RD, the God of Israel, concerning the houses of this city, and concerning the houses of the kings of Judah, which are thrown down by the mounts, and by the sword; 
They come to fight with the Chaldeans, but it is to fill them with the dead bodies of men, whom I have slain in mine anger and in my fury, and for all whose wickedness I hav
304,to silence, they were gathered together. 
Then one of them, which was a lawyer, asked him a question, tempting him, and saying, 
Master, which is the great commandment in the law? 
Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. 
Th
319, but let not the priests and the people break through to come up unto the LORD, lest he break forth upon them. 
So Moses went down unto the people, and spake unto them. 
And God spake all these words, saying, 
I am the LORD thy God, which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage. 
Thou s
322,ers of Judah sat before me, that the hand of the Lord GOD fell there upon me. 
Then I beheld, and lo a likeness as the appearance of fire: from the appearance of his loins even downward, fire; and from his loins even upward, as the appearance of brightness, as the colour of amber. 
And he put forth the form of an hand, a
326,m: for he was but a youth, and ruddy, and of a fair countenance. 
And the Philistine said unto David, Am I a dog, that thou comest to me with staves? And the Philistine cursed David by his gods. 
And the Philistine said to David, Come to me, and I will give thy flesh unto the fowls of the air, and to the beasts of the field.
315,aid. 
There laid they Jesus therefore because of the Jews' preparation day; for the sepulchre was nigh at hand. 
The first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene early, when it was yet dark, unto the sepulchre, and seeth the stone taken away from the sepulchre. 
Then she runneth, and cometh to Simon Peter, and to t
311,ut all perfection: the stones of darkness, and the shadow of death. 
The flood breaketh out from the inhabitant; even the waters forgotten of the foot: they are dried up, they are gone away from men. 
As for the earth, out of it cometh bread: and under it is turned up as it were fire. 
The stones of it are the
330,hoboam made in their stead brasen shields, and committed them unto the hands of the chief of the guard, which kept the door of the king's house. 
And it was so, when the king went into the house of the LORD, that the guard bare them, and brought them back into the guard chamber. 
Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all tha
305,the holy place, and made the holy garments for Aaron; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And he made the ephod of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen. 
And they did beat the gold into thin plates, and cut it into wires, to work it in the blue, and in the purple, and in the scarlet, and 
340, it be of works, then it is no more grace: otherwise work is no more work. 
What then? Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for; but the election hath obtained it, and the rest were blinded. 
(According as it is written, God hath given them the spirit of slumber, eyes that they should not see, and ears that they should not hear;
352,hed blood. 
In thee have they set light by father and mother: in the midst of thee have they dealt by oppression with the stranger: in thee have they vexed the fatherless and the widow. 
Thou hast despised mine holy things, and hast profaned my sabbaths. 
In thee are men that carry tales to shed blood: and in thee they eat upon the mountains: in the 
291, of this generation; 
From the blood of Abel unto the blood of Zacharias which perished between the altar and the temple: verily I say unto you, It shall be required of this generation. 
Woe unto you, lawyers! for ye have taken away the key of knowledge: ye entered not in yourselves, and th
273,death? and if I give thee counsel, wilt thou not hearken unto me? 
So Zedekiah the king sware secretly unto Jeremiah, saying, As the LORD liveth, that made us this soul, I will not put thee to death, neither will I give thee into the hand of these men that seek thy life. 

347,r, and lay with her. 
Then Amnon hated her exceedingly; so that the hatred wherewith he hated her was greater than the love wherewith he had loved her. And Amnon said unto her, Arise, be gone. 
And she said unto him, There is no cause: this evil in sending me away is greater than the other that thou didst unto me. But he would not hearken unto h
277, thee, thou shalt do: thou shalt not decline from the sentence which they shall shew thee, to the right hand, nor to the left. 
And the man that will do presumptuously, and will not hearken unto the priest that standeth to minister there before the LORD thy God, or unto the ju
320,f Pharaoh, and his horsemen, and his army, and overtook them encamping by the sea, beside Pihahiroth, before Baalzephon. 
And when Pharaoh drew nigh, the children of Israel lifted up their eyes, and, behold, the Egyptians marched after them; and they were sore afraid: and the children of Israel cried out unto the LORD.
339, said unto Jether his firstborn, Up, and slay them. But the youth drew not his sword: for he feared, because he was yet a youth. 
Then Zebah and Zalmunna said, Rise thou, and fall upon us: for as the man is, so is his strength. And Gideon arose, and slew Zebah and Zalmunna, and took away the ornaments that were on their camels' necks. 
T
287,cers before you. Deal courageously, and the LORD shall be with the good. 
It came to pass after this also, that the children of Moab, and the children of Ammon, and with them other beside the Ammonites, came against Jehoshaphat to battle. 
Then there came some that told Jehoshaphat, say
337,he sight of the heathen. 
He hath remembered his mercy and his truth toward the house of Israel: all the ends of the earth have seen the salvation of our God. 
Make a joyful noise unto the LORD, all the earth: make a loud noise, and rejoice, and sing praise. 
Sing unto the LORD with the harp; with the harp, and the voice of a psalm. 
W
302,with me? wherefore do ye tempt the LORD? 
And the people thirsted there for water; and the people murmured against Moses, and said, Wherefore is this that thou hast brought us up out of Egypt, to kill us and our children and our cattle with thirst? 
And Moses cried unto the LORD, saying, What shall I 
349,f his own voluntary will at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD. 
And he shall put his hand upon the head of the burnt offering; and it shall be accepted for him to make atonement for him. 
And he shall kill the bullock before the LORD: and the priests, Aaron's sons, shall bring the blood, and sprinkle the blood round ab
295, and he took the seven loaves, and gave thanks, and brake, and gave to his disciples to set before them; and they did set them before the people. 
And they had a few small fishes: and he blessed, and commanded to set them also before them. 
So they did eat, and were filled: and they took up of 
336,un to reckon, one was brought unto him, which owed him ten thousand talents. 
But forasmuch as he had not to pay, his lord commanded him to be sold, and his wife, and children, and all that he had, and payment to be made. 
The servant therefore fell down, and worshipped him, saying, Lord, have patience with me, and I will pay thee all
324,it, and was glad. 
Then said the Jews unto him, Thou art not yet fifty years old, and hast thou seen Abraham? 
Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am. 
Then took they up stones to cast at him: but Jesus hid himself, and went out of the temple, going through the midst of them, and so 
310,turned and came down from the mount, and the mount burned with fire: and the two tables of the covenant were in my two hands. 
And I looked, and, behold, ye had sinned against the LORD your God, and had made you a molten calf: ye had turned aside quickly out of the way which the LORD had commanded you. 
And I
320,s, because an excellent spirit was in him; and the king thought to set him over the whole realm. 
Then the presidents and princes sought to find occasion against Daniel concerning the kingdom; but they could find none occasion nor fault; forasmuch as he was faithful, neither was there any error or fault found in him. 

353,or his name's sake. 
I write unto you, fathers, because ye have known him that is from the beginning. I write unto you, young men, because ye have overcome the wicked one. I write unto you, little children, because ye have known the Father. 
I have written unto you, fathers, because ye have known him that is from the beginning. I have written unto you
266,ne acquaintance. 
We took sweet counsel together, and walked unto the house of God in company. 
Let death seize upon them, and let them go down quick into hell: for wickedness is in their dwellings, and among them. 
As for me, I will call upon God; and the LORD shal
264, of brass, he lived. 
And the children of Israel set forward, and pitched in Oboth. 
And they journeyed from Oboth, and pitched at Ijeabarim, in the wilderness which is before Moab, toward the sunrising. 
From thence they removed, and pitched in the valley of Zare
307,d it came to pass, when David and his men were come to Ziklag on the third day, that the Amalekites had invaded the south, and Ziklag, and smitten Ziklag, and burned it with fire; 
And had taken the women captives, that were therein: they slew not any, either great or small, but carried them away, and went
326,t overcometh the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God? 
This is he that came by water and blood, even Jesus Christ; not by water only, but by water and blood. And it is the Spirit that beareth witness, because the Spirit is truth. 
For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and
314,the LORD; how can a man then understand his own way? 
It is a snare to the man who devoureth that which is holy, and after vows to make enquiry. 
A wise king scattereth the wicked, and bringeth the wheel over them. 
The spirit of man is the candle of the LORD, searching all the inward parts of the belly. 
Mercy a
290,m that sitteth in judgment, and for strength to them that turn the battle to the gate. 
But they also have erred through wine, and through strong drink are out of the way; the priest and the prophet have erred through strong drink, they are swallowed up of wine, they are out of the way thr
334,ght course unto Coos, and the day following unto Rhodes, and from thence unto Patara: 
And finding a ship sailing over unto Phenicia, we went aboard, and set forth. 
Now when we had discovered Cyprus, we left it on the left hand, and sailed into Syria, and landed at Tyre: for there the ship was to unlade her burden. 
And finding dis
279,thy holy city, to finish the transgression, and to make an end of sins, and to make reconciliation for iniquity, and to bring in everlasting righteousness, and to seal up the vision and prophecy, and to anoint the most Holy. 
Know therefore and understand, that from the going fo
269,o before thee, and make the crooked places straight: I will break in pieces the gates of brass, and cut in sunder the bars of iron: 
And I will give thee the treasures of darkness, and hidden riches of secret places, that thou mayest know that I, the LORD, which call t
324,ng of Babylon shall smite, thus saith the LORD; Arise ye, go up to Kedar, and spoil the men of the east. 
Their tents and their flocks shall they take away: they shall take to themselves their curtains, and all their vessels, and their camels; and they shall cry unto them, Fear is on every side. 
Flee, get you far off, dwe
358, the poor and the needy from him that spoileth him? 
False witnesses did rise up; they laid to my charge things that I knew not. 
They rewarded me evil for good to the spoiling of my soul. 
But as for me, when they were sick, my clothing was sackcloth: I humbled my soul with fasting; and my prayer returned into mine own bosom. 
I behaved myself as though h
348,e in very deed. 
And David arose, and came to the place where Saul had pitched: and David beheld the place where Saul lay, and Abner the son of Ner, the captain of his host: and Saul lay in the trench, and the people pitched round about him. 
Then answered David and said to Ahimelech the Hittite, and to Abishai the son of Zeruiah, brother to Joab
250,nd slay, and make ready; for these men shall dine with me at noon. 
And the man did as Joseph bade; and the man brought the men into Joseph's house. 
And the men were afraid, because they were brought into Joseph's house; and they said, Because of th
263,erefore my heart greatly rejoiceth; and with my song will I praise him. 
The LORD is their strength, and he is the saving strength of his anointed. 
Save thy people, and bless thine inheritance: feed them also, and lift them up for ever. 
Give unto the LORD, O ye
299,ne my sanctuary, the excellency of your strength, the desire of your eyes, and that which your soul pitieth; and your sons and your daughters whom ye have left shall fall by the sword. 
And ye shall do as I have done: ye shall not cover your lips, nor eat the bread of men. 
And your tires shall be 
251,ndure, or can thine hands be strong, in the days that I shall deal with thee? I the LORD have spoken it, and will do it. 
And I will scatter thee among the heathen, and disperse thee in the countries, and will consume thy filthiness out of thee. 
And 
342,rcy upon her; and they rejoiced with her. 
And it came to pass, that on the eighth day they came to circumcise the child; and they called him Zacharias, after the name of his father. 
And his mother answered and said, Not so; but he shall be called John. 
And they said unto her, There is none of thy kindred that is called by this name. 
And
278, unto the LORD. 
Seven days shalt thou prepare every day a goat for a sin offering: they shall also prepare a young bullock, and a ram out of the flock, without blemish. 
Seven days shall they purge the altar and purify it; and they shall consecrate themselves. 
And when these 
246,whatsoever mine eyes desired I kept not from them, I withheld not my heart from any joy; for my heart rejoiced in all my labour: and this was my portion of all my labour. 
Then I looked on all the works that my hands had wrought, and on the labou
346,he tombs. 
When he saw Jesus, he cried out, and fell down before him, and with a loud voice said, What have I to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of God most high? I beseech thee, torment me not. 
(For he had commanded the unclean spirit to come out of the man. For oftentimes it had caught him: and he was kept bound with chains and in fetters; and
280,em eight hundred thirty and two persons: 
In the three and twentieth year of Nebuchadrezzar Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive of the Jews seven hundred forty and five persons: all the persons were four thousand and six hundred. 
And it came to pass in the 
351,pressfat for to draw out fifty vessels out of the press, there were but twenty. 
I smote you with blasting and with mildew and with hail in all the labours of your hands; yet ye turned not to me, saith the LORD. 
Consider now from this day and upward, from the four and twentieth day of the ninth month, even from the day that the foundation of the LO
242,f the ends of the earth, fainteth not, neither is weary? there is no searching of his understanding. 
He giveth power to the faint; and to them that have no might he increaseth strength. 
Even the youths shall faint and be weary, and the youn
321,s the king's chamberlain their friend, desired peace; because their country was nourished by the king's country. 
And upon a set day Herod, arrayed in royal apparel, sat upon his throne, and made an oration unto them. 
And the people gave a shout, saying, It is the voice of a god, and not of a man. 
And immediately the 
359,enty and three. 
The children of Gibbar, ninety and five. 
The children of Bethlehem, an hundred twenty and three. 
The men of Netophah, fifty and six. 
The men of Anathoth, an hundred twenty and eight. 
The children of Azmaveth, forty and two. 
The children of Kirjatharim, Chephirah, and Beeroth, seven hundred and forty and three. 
The children of Ramah an
355,n, and knowest what thou oughtest to do unto him; but his hoar head bring thou down to the grave with blood. 
So David slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David. 
And the days that David reigned over Israel were forty years: seven years reigned he in Hebron, and thirty and three years reigned he in Jerusalem. 
Then sat Solomon upon the
284,tanding in thy days I will not do it for David thy father's sake: but I will rend it out of the hand of thy son. 
Howbeit I will not rend away all the kingdom; but will give one tribe to thy son for David my servant's sake, and for Jerusalem's sake which I have chosen. 
And the LORD 
347,er was from the shore of the salt sea, from the bay that looketh southward: 
And it went out to the south side to Maalehacrabbim, and passed along to Zin, and ascended up on the south side unto Kadeshbarnea, and passed along to Hezron, and went up to Adar, and fetched a compass to Karkaa: 
From thence it passed toward Azmon, and went out unto th
250,unto the chief priests, 
And said unto them, What will ye give me, and I will deliver him unto you? And they covenanted with him for thirty pieces of silver. 
And from that time he sought opportunity to betray him. 
Now the first day of the feast of 
296,ave longed after thy precepts: quicken me in thy righteousness. 
Let thy mercies come also unto me, O LORD, even thy salvation, according to thy word. 
So shall I have wherewith to answer him that reproacheth me: for I trust in thy word. 
And take not the word of truth utterly out of my mouth; f
358,nd it came to pass, as we went to prayer, a certain damsel possessed with a spirit of divination met us, which brought her masters much gain by soothsaying: 
The same followed Paul and us, and cried, saying, These men are the servants of the most high God, which shew unto us the way of salvation. 
And this did she many days. But Paul, being grieved, turned
335, find much water? 
Also he strengthened himself, and built up all the wall that was broken, and raised it up to the towers, and another wall without, and repaired Millo in the city of David, and made darts and shields in abundance. 
And he set captains of war over the people, and gathered them together to him in the street of the gat
253, the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth. 
The men of Nineveh shall rise in judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: because they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here. 
298,washing, whereof every one beareth twins, and there is not one barren among them. 
As a piece of a pomegranate are thy temples within thy locks. 
There are threescore queens, and fourscore concubines, and virgins without number. 
My dove, my undefiled is but one; she is the only one of her mother,
348,r; with such an one no not to eat. 
For what have I to do to judge them also that are without? do not ye judge them that are within? 
But them that are without God judgeth. Therefore put away from among yourselves that wicked person. 
Dare any of you, having a matter against another, go to law before the unjust, and not before the saints? 
Do ye 
250,surely redeem, and the firstling of unclean beasts shalt thou redeem. 
And those that are to be redeemed from a month old shalt thou redeem, according to thine estimation, for the money of five shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary, which is twe
259,nd; 
A fruitful land into barrenness, for the wickedness of them that dwell therein. 
He turneth the wilderness into a standing water, and dry ground into watersprings. 
And there he maketh the hungry to dwell, that they may prepare a city for habitation; 
An
313,y shall be built up for ever: thy faithfulness shalt thou establish in the very heavens. 
I have made a covenant with my chosen, I have sworn unto David my servant, 
Thy seed will I establish for ever, and build up thy throne to all generations. Selah. 
And the heavens shall praise thy wonders, O LORD: thy faith
332, unto the LORD. 
None devoted, which shall be devoted of men, shall be redeemed; but shall surely be put to death. 
And all the tithe of the land, whether of the seed of the land, or of the fruit of the tree, is the LORD's: it is holy unto the LORD. 
And if a man will at all redeem ought of his tithes, he shall add thereto the fif
354,as therein, and all the trees that were in the field, that were in all the borders round about, were made sure 
Unto Abraham for a possession in the presence of the children of Heth, before all that went in at the gate of his city. 
And after this, Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the field of Machpelah before Mamre: the same is Hebron in t
258,from the wicked: but mine hand shall not be upon thee. 
After whom is the king of Israel come out? after whom dost thou pursue? after a dead dog, after a flea. 
The LORD therefore be judge, and judge between me and thee, and see, and plead my cause, and deli
356,s seven brethren: and the first, when he had married a wife, deceased, and, having no issue, left his wife unto his brother: 
Likewise the second also, and the third, unto the seventh. 
And last of all the woman died also. 
Therefore in the resurrection whose wife shall she be of the seven? for they all had her. 
Jesus answered and said unto them, Ye do 
270,lot in this place. 
And he returned to Judah, and said, I cannot find her; and also the men of the place said, that there was no harlot in this place. 
And Judah said, Let her take it to her, lest we be shamed: behold, I sent this kid, and thou hast not found her. 
And 
267,ar upon all the heathen: as thou hast done, it shall be done unto thee: thy reward shall return upon thine own head. 
For as ye have drunk upon my holy mountain, so shall all the heathen drink continually, yea, they shall drink, and they shall swallow down, and they 
323,ecai rent his clothes, and put on sackcloth with ashes, and went out into the midst of the city, and cried with a loud and a bitter cry; 
And came even before the king's gate: for none might enter into the king's gate clothed with sackcloth. 
And in every province, whithersoever the king's commandment and his decree came,
259, even darkness which may be felt. 
And Moses stretched forth his hand toward heaven; and there was a thick darkness in all the land of Egypt three days: 
They saw not one another, neither rose any from his place for three days: but all the children of Israel 
270,e people, a people of a deeper speech than thou canst perceive; of a stammering tongue, that thou canst not understand. 
Look upon Zion, the city of our solemnities: thine eyes shall see Jerusalem a quiet habitation, a tabernacle that shall not be taken down; not one of
330,d lambs: all these were for a burnt offering to the LORD. 
And the consecrated things were six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep. 
But the priests were too few, so that they could not flay all the burnt offerings: wherefore their brethren the Levites did help them, till the work was ended, and until the other priests had san
307,t thou pass in beauty? go down, and be thou laid with the uncircumcised. 
They shall fall in the midst of them that are slain by the sword: she is delivered to the sword: draw her and all her multitudes. 
The strong among the mighty shall speak to him out of the midst of hell with them that help him: they 
302,ve that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre, in the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought with the field of Ephron the Hittite for a possession of a buryingplace. 
There they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife; there they buried Isaac and Rebekah his wife; and there I buried Leah. 
The p
251, and all the rulers of the congregation came and told Moses. 
And he said unto them, This is that which the LORD hath said, To morrow is the rest of the holy sabbath unto the LORD: bake that which ye will bake to day, and seethe that ye will seethe; a
353,eanness; and under his glory he shall kindle a burning like the burning of a fire. 
And the light of Israel shall be for a fire, and his Holy One for a flame: and it shall burn and devour his thorns and his briers in one day; 
And shall consume the glory of his forest, and of his fruitful field, both soul and body: and they shall be as when a standard
344,fied and affrighted, and supposed that they had seen a spirit. 
And he said unto them, Why are ye troubled? and why do thoughts arise in your hearts? 
Behold my hands and my feet, that it is I myself: handle me, and see; for a spirit hath not flesh and bones, as ye see me have. 
And when he had thus spoken, he shewed them his hands and his fe
353,ired not I the bread of the governor, because the bondage was heavy upon this people. 
Think upon me, my God, for good, according to all that I have done for this people. 
Now it came to pass when Sanballat, and Tobiah, and Geshem the Arabian, and the rest of our enemies, heard that I had builded the wall, and that there was no breach left therein; (t
248, which said, Thy daughter is dead: why troublest thou the Master any further? 
As soon as Jesus heard the word that was spoken, he saith unto the ruler of the synagogue, Be not afraid, only believe. 
And he suffered no man to follow him, save Peter
346,aid, Thou dost but hate me, and lovest me not: thou hast put forth a riddle unto the children of my people, and hast not told it me. And he said unto her, Behold, I have not told it my father nor my mother, and shall I tell it thee? 
And she wept before him the seven days, while their feast lasted: and it came to pass on the seventh day, that h
243,ls of his saints; he delivereth them out of the hand of the wicked. 
Light is sown for the righteous, and gladness for the upright in heart. 
Rejoice in the LORD, ye righteous; and give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness. 
O sing unto t
329, Hear what the unjust judge saith. 
And shall not God avenge his own elect, which cry day and night unto him, though he bear long with them? 
I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. Nevertheless when the Son of man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth? 
And he spake this parable unto certain which trusted in themselve
263, Jehoram, the wife of Jehoiada the priest, (for she was the sister of Ahaziah,) hid him from Athaliah, so that she slew him not. 
And he was with them hid in the house of God six years: and Athaliah reigned over the land. 
And in the seventh year Jehoiada strengt
254, in the priest's office. 
And Nadab and Abihu died before the LORD, when they offered strange fire before the LORD, in the wilderness of Sinai, and they had no children: and Eleazar and Ithamar ministered in the priest's office in the sight of Aaron thei
350,ction; not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works, and of faith toward God, 
Of the doctrine of baptisms, and of laying on of hands, and of resurrection of the dead, and of eternal judgment. 
And this will we do, if God permit. 
For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened, and have tasted of the heavenly gift, and we
306,ill he go unto the wise. 
A merry heart maketh a cheerful countenance: but by sorrow of the heart the spirit is broken. 
The heart of him that hath understanding seeketh knowledge: but the mouth of fools feedeth on foolishness. 
All the days of the afflicted are evil: but he that is of a merry heart hath 
328,sts sprinkled the blood, which they received of the hand of the Levites. 
For there were many in the congregation that were not sanctified: therefore the Levites had the charge of the killing of the passovers for every one that was not clean, to sanctify them unto the LORD. 
For a multitude of the people, even many of Ephraim,
333,
Now the LORD had told Samuel in his ear a day before Saul came, saying, 
To morrow about this time I will send thee a man out of the land of Benjamin, and thou shalt anoint him to be captain over my people Israel, that he may save my people out of the hand of the Philistines: for I have looked upon my people, because their cry is 
243,good? for they have digged a pit for my soul. Remember that I stood before thee to speak good for them, and to turn away thy wrath from them. 
Therefore deliver up their children to the famine, and pour out their blood by the force of the swor
359,ent up into the mount, and a cloud covered the mount. 
And the glory of the LORD abode upon mount Sinai, and the cloud covered it six days: and the seventh day he called unto Moses out of the midst of the cloud. 
And the sight of the glory of the LORD was like devouring fire on the top of the mount in the eyes of the children of Israel. 
And Moses went into
288,rs to Damascus to the synagogues, that if he found any of this way, whether they were men or women, he might bring them bound unto Jerusalem. 
And as he journeyed, he came near Damascus: and suddenly there shined round about him a light from heaven: 
And he fell to the earth, and heard a
346,they were afraid of them, because Ishmael the son of Nethaniah had slain Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon made governor in the land. 
Then all the captains of the forces, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jezaniah the son of Hoshaiah, and all the people from the least even unto the greatest, came near, 
And said unto Jeremi
327,h thee what thou shalt say. 
And he said, O my LORD, send, I pray thee, by the hand of him whom thou wilt send. 
And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Moses, and he said, Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother? I know that he can speak well. And also, behold, he cometh forth to meet thee: and when he seeth thee, he will 
287,ll not cast away a perfect man, neither will he help the evil doers: 
Till he fill thy mouth with laughing, and thy lips with rejoicing. 
They that hate thee shall be clothed with shame; and the dwelling place of the wicked shall come to nought. 
Then Job answered and said, 
I know it i
264,dren of Ammon, and be our head over all the inhabitants of Gilead. 
And Jephthah said unto the elders of Gilead, If ye bring me home again to fight against the children of Ammon, and the LORD deliver them before me, shall I be your head? 
And the elders of Gilead 
241,de: 
And thou shalt hang it upon four pillars of shittim wood overlaid with gold: their hooks shall be of gold, upon the four sockets of silver. 
And thou shalt hang up the vail under the taches, that thou mayest bring in thither within the 
283,linen: with cherubims made he it of cunning work. 
And he made thereunto four pillars of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold: their hooks were of gold; and he cast for them four sockets of silver. 
And he made an hanging for the tabernacle door of blue, and purple, and scarlet
241, these words: could we certainly know that he would say, Bring your brother down? 
And Judah said unto Israel his father, Send the lad with me, and we will arise and go; that we may live, and not die, both we, and thou, and also our little o
267,l that I commanded her let her observe. 
And Manoah said unto the angel of the LORD, I pray thee, let us detain thee, until we shall have made ready a kid for thee. 
And the angel of the LORD said unto Manoah, Though thou detain me, I will not eat of thy bread: and i
322,ou, and this people that is with thee: for this thing is too heavy for thee; thou art not able to perform it thyself alone. 
Hearken now unto my voice, I will give thee counsel, and God shall be with thee: Be thou for the people to God-ward, that thou mayest bring the causes unto God: 
And thou shalt teach them ordinance
350,of Aphrah roll thyself in the dust. 
Pass ye away, thou inhabitant of Saphir, having thy shame naked: the inhabitant of Zaanan came not forth in the mourning of Bethezel; he shall receive of you his standing. 
For the inhabitant of Maroth waited carefully for good: but evil came down from the LORD unto the gate of Jerusalem. 
O thou inhabitant of L
306,nually. 
Without the vail of the testimony, in the tabernacle of the congregation, shall Aaron order it from the evening unto the morning before the LORD continually: it shall be a statute for ever in your generations. 
He shall order the lamps upon the pure candlestick before the LORD continually. 
And t
243, 
And he said unto him, Behold now, there is in this city a man of God, and he is an honourable man; all that he saith cometh surely to pass: now let us go thither; peradventure he can shew us our way that we should go. 
Then said Saul to his 
292,om our youth even unto this day, and have not obeyed the voice of the LORD our God. 
If thou wilt return, O Israel, saith the LORD, return unto me: and if thou wilt put away thine abominations out of my sight, then shalt thou not remove. 
And thou shalt swear, The LORD liveth, in truth, in j
253,ed: thou hast guided them in thy strength unto thy holy habitation. 
The people shall hear, and be afraid: sorrow shall take hold on the inhabitants of Palestina. 
Then the dukes of Edom shall be amazed; the mighty men of Moab, trembling shall take hold
322,and give rain upon thy land, which thou hast given to thy people for an inheritance. 
If there be in the land famine, if there be pestilence, blasting, mildew, locust, or if there be caterpiller; if their enemy besiege them in the land of their cities; whatsoever plague, whatsoever sickness there be; 
What prayer and sup
343, surely live, he shall not die. 
All his transgressions that he hath committed, they shall not be mentioned unto him: in his righteousness that he hath done he shall live. 
Have I any pleasure at all that the wicked should die? saith the Lord GOD: and not that he should return from his ways, and live? 
But when the righteous turneth away fro
273,, and slew thy prophets which testified against them to turn them to thee, and they wrought great provocations. 
Therefore thou deliveredst them into the hand of their enemies, who vexed them: and in the time of their trouble, when they cried unto thee, thou heardest them 
346,your fathers was wroth with Judah, he hath delivered them into your hand, and ye have slain them in a rage that reacheth up unto heaven. 
And now ye purpose to keep under the children of Judah and Jerusalem for bondmen and bondwomen unto you: but are there not with you, even with you, sins against the LORD your God? 
Now hear me therefore, and 
285,, as it is meet, because that your faith groweth exceedingly, and the charity of every one of you all toward each other aboundeth; 
So that we ourselves glory in you in the churches of God for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and tribulations that ye endure: 
Which is 
293,that commendeth himself is approved, but whom the Lord commendeth. 
Would to God ye could bear with me a little in my folly: and indeed bear with me. 
For I am jealous over you with godly jealousy: for I have espoused you to one husband, that I may present you as a chaste virgin to Christ. 
B
307,hen the house of Judah, and I will save the house of Joseph, and I will bring them again to place them; for I have mercy upon them: and they shall be as though I had not cast them off: for I am the LORD their God, and will hear them. 
And they of Ephraim shall be like a mighty man, and their heart shall re
318,ge this thy so great a people? 
And the speech pleased the LORD, that Solomon had asked this thing. 
And God said unto him, Because thou hast asked this thing, and hast not asked for thyself long life; neither hast asked riches for thyself, nor hast asked the life of thine enemies; but hast asked for thyself understa
343,to them the next sabbath. 
Now when the congregation was broken up, many of the Jews and religious proselytes followed Paul and Barnabas: who, speaking to them, persuaded them to continue in the grace of God. 
And the next sabbath day came almost the whole city together to hear the word of God. 
But when the Jews saw the multitudes, they wer
264,ban, and Ithran, and Cheran. 
The sons of Ezer; Bilhan, and Zavan, and Jakan. The sons of Dishan; Uz, and Aran. 
Now these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom before any king reigned over the children of Israel; Bela the son of Beor: and the name of his
271, be wasted in the wilderness. 
After the number of the days in which ye searched the land, even forty days, each day for a year, shall ye bear your iniquities, even forty years, and ye shall know my breach of promise. 
I the LORD have said, I will surely do it unto all t
304,ark of God from the house of Obededom into the city of David with gladness. 
And it was so, that when they that bare the ark of the LORD had gone six paces, he sacrificed oxen and fatlings. 
And David danced before the LORD with all his might; and David was girded with a linen ephod. 
So David and all t
271,manifest in these last times for you, 
Who by him do believe in God, that raised him up from the dead, and gave him glory; that your faith and hope might be in God. 
Seeing ye have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the Spirit unto unfeigned love of the bre
285,; 
Ebedmelech went forth out of the king's house, and spake to the king saying, 
My lord the king, these men have done evil in all that they have done to Jeremiah the prophet, whom they have cast into the dungeon; and he is like to die for hunger in the place where he is: for there is
255,him: for he is thy life, and the length of thy days: that thou mayest dwell in the land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give them. 
And Moses went and spake these words unto all Israel. 
And he said unto them,
315,nto you, and I sent him not, and he caused you to trust in a lie: 
Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will punish Shemaiah the Nehelamite, and his seed: he shall not have a man to dwell among this people; neither shall he behold the good that I will do for my people, saith the LORD; because he hath taught re
270, people of other lands? were the gods of the nations of those lands any ways able to deliver their lands out of mine hand? 
Who was there among all the gods of those nations that my fathers utterly destroyed, that could deliver his people out of mine hand, that your God
346,ends. 
Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsoever I command you. 
Henceforth I call you not servants; for the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth: but I have called you friends; for all things that I have heard of my Father I have made known unto you. 
Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring f
246,t with you, even with you, sins against the LORD your God? 
Now hear me therefore, and deliver the captives again, which ye have taken captive of your brethren: for the fierce wrath of the LORD is upon you. 
Then certain of the heads of the child
325,els, after the shekel of the sanctuary, and of oil olive an hin: 
And thou shalt make it an oil of holy ointment, an ointment compound after the art of the apothecary: it shall be an holy anointing oil. 
And thou shalt anoint the tabernacle of the congregation therewith, and the ark of the testimony, 
And the table and all 
251,Jonathan said to the young man that bare his armour, Come, and let us go over unto the garrison of these uncircumcised: it may be that the LORD will work for us: for there is no restraint to the LORD to save by many or by few. 
And his armourbearer sa
279, 
Thus saith the LORD; I am returned unto Zion, and will dwell in the midst of Jerusalem: and Jerusalem shall be called a city of truth; and the mountain of the LORD of hosts the holy mountain. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; There shall yet old men and old women dwell in the str
295,eazar, the son of Aaron the chief priest: 
This Ezra went up from Babylon; and he was a ready scribe in the law of Moses, which the LORD God of Israel had given: and the king granted him all his request, according to the hand of the LORD his God upon him. 
And there went up some of the children
359,And there was not a man left in Ai or Bethel, that went not out after Israel: and they left the city open, and pursued after Israel. 
And the LORD said unto Joshua, Stretch out the spear that is in thy hand toward Ai; for I will give it into thine hand. And Joshua stretched out the spear that he had in his hand toward the city. 
And the ambush arose quickly
251,y compassed about him to fight: but Jehoshaphat cried out, and the LORD helped him; and God moved them to depart from him. 
For it came to pass, that, when the captains of the chariots perceived that it was not the king of Israel, they turned back aga
314,th his glory. 
And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird. 
For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication, and the kings 
338,ings of Israel: and Hezekiah his son reigned in his stead. 
Hezekiah began to reign when he was five and twenty years old, and he reigned nine and twenty years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Abijah, the daughter of Zechariah. 
And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that David his father had d
289,were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be. 
For as in the days that were before the flood they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark, 
And knew not until the flood came, and took them all away; so shall also the co
267,, saying, 
Speak to the children of Israel, saying, Appoint out for you cities of refuge, whereof I spake unto you by the hand of Moses: 
That the slayer that killeth any person unawares and unwittingly may flee thither: and they shall be your refuge from the avenger
242,thou strong therefore, and shew thyself a man; 
And keep the charge of the LORD thy God, to walk in his ways, to keep his statutes, and his commandments, and his judgments, and his testimonies, as it is written in the law of Moses, that thou 
302,ught him into the upper chamber: and all the widows stood by him weeping, and shewing the coats and garments which Dorcas made, while she was with them. 
But Peter put them all forth, and kneeled down, and prayed; and turning him to the body said, Tabitha, arise. And she opened her eyes: and when she 
321, way went he? For his sons had seen what way the man of God went, which came from Judah. 
And he said unto his sons, Saddle me the ass. So they saddled him the ass: and he rode thereon, 
And went after the man of God, and found him sitting under an oak: and he said unto him, Art thou the man of God that camest from Juda
254,ither I have driven them, and will bring them again to their folds; and they shall be fruitful and increase. 
And I will set up shepherds over them which shall feed them: and they shall fear no more, nor be dismayed, neither shall they be lacking, saith 
337,rn in Egypt; the chief of their strength in the tabernacles of Ham: 
But made his own people to go forth like sheep, and guided them in the wilderness like a flock. 
And he led them on safely, so that they feared not: but the sea overwhelmed their enemies. 
And he brought them to the border of his sanctuary, even to this mountain, whic
309,his kingdom stand? because ye say that I cast out devils through Beelzebub. 
And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils, by whom do your sons cast them out? therefore shall they be your judges. 
But if I with the finger of God cast out devils, no doubt the kingdom of God is come upon you. 
When a strong man armed
253,ischievous desire: so they wrap it up. 
The best of them is as a brier: the most upright is sharper than a thorn hedge: the day of thy watchmen and thy visitation cometh; now shall be their perplexity. 
Trust ye not in a friend, put ye not confidence in
349,edy dogs which can never have enough, and they are shepherds that cannot understand: they all look to their own way, every one for his gain, from his quarter. 
Come ye, say they, I will fetch wine, and we will fill ourselves with strong drink; and to morrow shall be as this day, and much more abundant. 
The righteous perisheth, and no man layeth i
250,to thee? or to thy faithfulness round about thee? 
Thou rulest the raging of the sea: when the waves thereof arise, thou stillest them. 
Thou hast broken Rahab in pieces, as one that is slain; thou hast scattered thine enemies with thy strong arm. 
T
319,tion thereof to thine enemies. 
The tree that thou sawest, which grew, and was strong, whose height reached unto the heaven, and the sight thereof to all the earth; 
Whose leaves were fair, and the fruit thereof much, and in it was meat for all; under which the beasts of the field dwelt, and upon whose branches the fo
293,ood, and delivered thee unto the will of them that hate thee, the daughters of the Philistines, which are ashamed of thy lewd way. 
Thou hast played the whore also with the Assyrians, because thou wast unsatiable; yea, thou hast played the harlot with them, and yet couldest not be satisfied. 
334,ight because of the lad, and because of thy bondwoman; in all that Sarah hath said unto thee, hearken unto her voice; for in Isaac shall thy seed be called. 
And also of the son of the bondwoman will I make a nation, because he is thy seed. 
And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and took bread, and a bottle of water, and gave it
313,dab our father commanded us. 
But it came to pass, when Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon came up into the land, that we said, Come, and let us go to Jerusalem for fear of the army of the Chaldeans, and for fear of the army of the Syrians: so we dwell at Jerusalem. 
Then came the word of the LORD unto Jeremiah, say
295, spake unto thee, saying, Thy father made our yoke heavy, but make thou it lighter unto us; thus shalt thou say unto them, My little finger shall be thicker than my father's loins. 
And now whereas my father did lade you with a heavy yoke, I will add to your yoke: my father hath chastised you w
351,d the scorner is an abomination to men. 
If thou faint in the day of adversity, thy strength is small. 
If thou forbear to deliver them that are drawn unto death, and those that are ready to be slain; 
If thou sayest, Behold, we knew it not; doth not he that pondereth the heart consider it? and he that keepeth thy soul, doth not he know it? and shal
276,, I have not sinned. 
Why gaddest thou about so much to change thy way? thou also shalt be ashamed of Egypt, as thou wast ashamed of Assyria. 
Yea, thou shalt go forth from him, and thine hands upon thine head: for the LORD hath rejected thy confidences, and thou shalt not pr
275, violence against the children of Judah, because they have shed innocent blood in their land. 
But Judah shall dwell for ever, and Jerusalem from generation to generation. 
For I will cleanse their blood that I have not cleansed: for the LORD dwelleth in Zion. 
The words of 
341,of the moon, and another glory of the stars: for one star differeth from another star in glory. 
So also is the resurrection of the dead. It is sown in corruption; it is raised in incorruption: 
It is sown in dishonour; it is raised in glory: it is sown in weakness; it is raised in power: 
It is sown a natural body; it is raised a spiritua
341, have ye brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? for there is no bread, neither is there any water; and our soul loatheth this light bread. 
And the LORD sent fiery serpents among the people, and they bit the people; and much people of Israel died. 
Therefore the people came to Moses, and said, We have sinned, for we have spok
333,ill laugh with me. 
And she said, Who would have said unto Abraham, that Sarah should have given children suck? for I have born him a son in his old age. 
And the child grew, and was weaned: and Abraham made a great feast the same day that Isaac was weaned. 
And Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian, which she had born unto Abrah
286, supposed it necessary to send to you Epaphroditus, my brother, and companion in labour, and fellowsoldier, but your messenger, and he that ministered to my wants. 
For he longed after you all, and was full of heaviness, because that ye had heard that he had been sick. 
For indeed he w
288,se beside me; I shall not sit as a widow, neither shall I know the loss of children: 
But these two things shall come to thee in a moment in one day, the loss of children, and widowhood: they shall come upon thee in their perfection for the multitude of thy sorceries, and for the great a
334,l also cause you to dwell in the cities, and the wastes shall be builded. 
And the desolate land shall be tilled, whereas it lay desolate in the sight of all that passed by. 
And they shall say, This land that was desolate is become like the garden of Eden; and the waste and desolate and ruined cities are become fenced, and are inha
261,his good land, which he gave to their fathers, and shall scatter them beyond the river, because they have made their groves, provoking the LORD to anger. 
And he shall give Israel up because of the sins of Jeroboam, who did sin, and who made Israel to sin. 
And
292,sh: for childhood and youth are vanity. 
Remember now thy Creator in the days of thy youth, while the evil days come not, nor the years draw nigh, when thou shalt say, I have no pleasure in them; 
While the sun, or the light, or the moon, or the stars, be not darkened, nor the clouds return 
294,hou hast made an end of reading this book, that thou shalt bind a stone to it, and cast it into the midst of Euphrates: 
And thou shalt say, Thus shall Babylon sink, and shall not rise from the evil that I will bring upon her: and they shall be weary. Thus far are the words of Jeremiah. 
Zedek
281,e me them; peradventure I shall be able to overcome them, and drive them out. 
And God said unto Balaam, Thou shalt not go with them; thou shalt not curse the people: for they are blessed. 
And Balaam rose up in the morning, and said unto the princes of Balak, Get you into your la
261, the priest to the prophet Jeremiah, saying, Pray now unto the LORD our God for us. 
Now Jeremiah came in and went out among the people: for they had not put him into prison. 
Then Pharaoh's army was come forth out of Egypt: and when the Chaldeans that besieged
249,he LORD shall scatter thee among all people, from the one end of the earth even unto the other; and there thou shalt serve other gods, which neither thou nor thy fathers have known, even wood and stone. 
And among these nations shalt thou find no ea
296,le to teach others also. 
Thou therefore endure hardness, as a good soldier of Jesus Christ. 
No man that warreth entangleth himself with the affairs of this life; that he may please him who hath chosen him to be a soldier. 
And if a man also strive for masteries, yet is he not crowned, except h
340,ew on that day fourscore and five persons that did wear a linen ephod. 
And Nob, the city of the priests, smote he with the edge of the sword, both men and women, children and sucklings, and oxen, and asses, and sheep, with the edge of the sword. 
And one of the sons of Ahimelech the son of Ahitub, named Abiathar, escaped, and fled after 
353,pastures of Israel; for a meat offering, and for a burnt offering, and for peace offerings, to make reconciliation for them, saith the Lord GOD. 
All the people of the land shall give this oblation for the prince in Israel. 
And it shall be the prince's part to give burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and drink offerings, in the feasts, and in the ne
250,ons also of Bigvai; Uthai, and Zabbud, and with them seventy males. 
And I gathered them together to the river that runneth to Ahava; and there abode we in tents three days: and I viewed the people, and the priests, and found there none of the sons o
312,is not aware, and will cut him in sunder, and will appoint him his portion with the unbelievers. 
And that servant, which knew his lord's will, and prepared not himself, neither did according to his will, shall be beaten with many stripes. 
But he that knew not, and did commit things worthy of stripes, shall be
359,hat I will break the Assyrian in my land, and upon my mountains tread him under foot: then shall his yoke depart from off them, and his burden depart from off their shoulders. 
This is the purpose that is purposed upon the whole earth: and this is the hand that is stretched out upon all the nations. 
For the LORD of hosts hath purposed, and who shall disann
338,e that they teach no other doctrine, 
Neither give heed to fables and endless genealogies, which minister questions, rather than godly edifying which is in faith: so do. 
Now the end of the commandment is charity out of a pure heart, and of a good conscience, and of faith unfeigned: 
From which some having swerved have turned aside unto
298,rested, and made it a day of feasting and gladness. 
Therefore the Jews of the villages, that dwelt in the unwalled towns, made the fourteenth day of the month Adar a day of gladness and feasting, and a good day, and of sending portions one to another. 
And Mordecai wrote these things, and sent le
284, Hymenaeus and Alexander; whom I have delivered unto Satan, that they may learn not to blaspheme. 
I exhort therefore, that, first of all, supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made for all men; 
For kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead
243, day: behold, I drive out before thee the Amorite, and the Canaanite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusite. 
Take heed to thyself, lest thou make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land whither thou goest, l
316,rown of gold round about. 
And two golden rings shalt thou make to it under the crown of it, by the two corners thereof, upon the two sides of it shalt thou make it; and they shall be for places for the staves to bear it withal. 
And thou shalt make the staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold. 
And thou 
346,ches: yea, and he shall forecast his devices against the strong holds, even for a time. 
And he shall stir up his power and his courage against the king of the south with a great army; and the king of the south shall be stirred up to battle with a very great and mighty army; but he shall not stand: for they shall forecast devices against him. 

279,eacheth to Zebulun on the south side, and reacheth to Asher on the west side, and to Judah upon Jordan toward the sunrising. 
And the fenced cities are Ziddim, Zer, and Hammath, Rakkath, and Chinnereth, 
And Adamah, and Ramah, and Hazor, 
And Kedesh, and Edrei, and Enhazor, 
And
308,bly unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and they fell upon their faces: and the glory of the LORD appeared unto them. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together, thou, and Aaron thy brother, and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes; and 
321,rty and five. 
The children of Senaah, three thousand and six hundred and thirty. 
The priests: the children of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred seventy and three. 
The children of Immer, a thousand fifty and two. 
The children of Pashur, a thousand two hundred forty and seven. 
The children of Harim, a tho
318,ew forth my praise. 
But thou hast not called upon me, O Jacob; but thou hast been weary of me, O Israel. 
Thou hast not brought me the small cattle of thy burnt offerings; neither hast thou honoured me with thy sacrifices. I have not caused thee to serve with an offering, nor wearied thee with incense. 
Thou hast bo
317,es, and set me up for his mark. 
His archers compass me round about, he cleaveth my reins asunder, and doth not spare; he poureth out my gall upon the ground. 
He breaketh me with breach upon breach, he runneth upon me like a giant. 
I have sewed sackcloth upon my skin, and defiled my horn in the dust. 
My face is f
289,erform the request of his handmaid. 
For the king will hear, to deliver his handmaid out of the hand of the man that would destroy me and my son together out of the inheritance of God. 
Then thine handmaid said, The word of my lord the king shall now be comfortable: for as an angel of God
343, Benjamin were numbered at that time out of the cities twenty and six thousand men that drew sword, beside the inhabitants of Gibeah, which were numbered seven hundred chosen men. 
Among all this people there were seven hundred chosen men lefthanded; every one could sling stones at an hair breadth, and not miss. 
And the men of Israel, besid
344,d hath made them void; and the LORD shall forgive her. 
Every vow, and every binding oath to afflict the soul, her husband may establish it, or her husband may make it void. 
But if her husband altogether hold his peace at her from day to day; then he establisheth all her vows, or all her bonds, which are upon her: he confirmeth them, because
321,elf strange unto them, and spake roughly unto them; and he said unto them, Whence come ye? And they said, From the land of Canaan to buy food. 
And Joseph knew his brethren, but they knew not him. 
And Joseph remembered the dreams which he dreamed of them, and said unto them, Ye are spies; to see the nakedness of the la
280,e of Israel; Is not my way equal? are not your ways unequal? 
When a righteous man turneth away from his righteousness, and committeth iniquity, and dieth in them; for his iniquity that he hath done shall he die. 
Again, when the wicked man turneth away from his wickedness that h
297,ith his chariots like a whirlwind, to render his anger with fury, and his rebuke with flames of fire. 
For by fire and by his sword will the LORD plead with all flesh: and the slain of the LORD shall be many. 
They that sanctify themselves, and purify themselves in the gardens behind one tree in 
355,. 
For what saith the scripture? Abraham believed God, and it was counted unto him for righteousness. 
Now to him that worketh is the reward not reckoned of grace, but of debt. 
But to him that worketh not, but believeth on him that justifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness. 
Even as David also describeth the blessedness of the man,
279, the flesh of captains, and the flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of horses, and of them that sit on them, and the flesh of all men, both free and bond, both small and great. 
And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war again
348,, I will bring a nation upon you from far, O house of Israel, saith the LORD: it is a mighty nation, it is an ancient nation, a nation whose language thou knowest not, neither understandest what they say. 
Their quiver is as an open sepulchre, they are all mighty men. 
And they shall eat up thine harvest, and thy bread, which thy sons and thy dau
292, his glory. 
And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird. 
For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornica
275, go away empty: 
Thou shalt furnish him liberally out of thy flock, and out of thy floor, and out of thy winepress: of that wherewith the LORD thy God hath blessed thee thou shalt give unto him. 
And thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in the land of Egypt, and the 
270,lars, perceived the grace that was given unto me, they gave to me and Barnabas the right hands of fellowship; that we should go unto the heathen, and they unto the circumcision. 
Only they would that we should remember the poor; the same which I also was forward to do. 
333, unto them, Suppose ye that these Galilaeans were sinners above all the Galilaeans, because they suffered such things? 
I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish. 
Or those eighteen, upon whom the tower in Siloam fell, and slew them, think ye that they were sinners above all men that dwelt in Jerusalem? 

331,will harden Pharaoh's heart, and multiply my signs and my wonders in the land of Egypt. 
But Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you, that I may lay my hand upon Egypt, and bring forth mine armies, and my people the children of Israel, out of the land of Egypt by great judgments. 
And the Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD, when 
309,laces doth he murder the innocent: his eyes are privily set against the poor. 
He lieth in wait secretly as a lion in his den: he lieth in wait to catch the poor: he doth catch the poor, when he draweth him into his net. 
He croucheth, and humbleth himself, that the poor may fall by his strong ones. 
He hath
289,den with bread, and a bottle of wine, and a kid, and sent them by David his son unto Saul. 
And David came to Saul, and stood before him: and he loved him greatly; and he became his armourbearer. 
And Saul sent to Jesse, saying, Let David, I pray thee, stand before me; for he hath found f
298,ah's maid bare Jacob a son. 
And Leah said, A troop cometh: and she called his name Gad. 
And Zilpah Leah's maid bare Jacob a second son. 
And Leah said, Happy am I, for the daughters will call me blessed: and she called his name Asher. 
And Reuben went in the days of wheat harvest, and found mand
298, but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works. 
Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for the very works' sake. 
Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do;
267,lgathpilneser king of Assyria, and he carried them away, even the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh, and brought them unto Halah, and Habor, and Hara, and to the river Gozan, unto this day. 
The sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari. 
An
294, David to Saul, and he was in his presence, as in times past. 
And there was war again: and David went out, and fought with the Philistines, and slew them with a great slaughter; and they fled from him. 
And the evil spirit from the LORD was upon Saul, as he sat in his house with his javelin i
348,ities thereof, saith the LORD; so shall no man abide there, neither shall any son of man dwell therein. 
Behold, a people shall come from the north, and a great nation, and many kings shall be raised up from the coasts of the earth. 
They shall hold the bow and the lance: they are cruel, and will not shew mercy: their voice shall roar like the se
315, the word of the Lord Jesus, both Jews and Greeks. 
And God wrought special miracles by the hands of Paul: 
So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them. 
Then certain of the vagabond Jews, exorcists, took upon 
274,g, Go up and possess the land which I have given you; then ye rebelled against the commandment of the LORD your God, and ye believed him not, nor hearkened to his voice. 
Ye have been rebellious against the LORD from the day that I knew you. 
Thus I fell down before the LOR
250, named, lest I should build upon another man's foundation: 
But as it is written, To whom he was not spoken of, they shall see: and they that have not heard shall understand. 
For which cause also I have been much hindered from coming to you. 
But no
259, that he would prophesy no good concerning me, but evil? 
And he said, Hear thou therefore the word of the LORD: I saw the LORD sitting on his throne, and all the host of heaven standing by him on his right hand and on his left. 
And the LORD said, Who shall 
296,m, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile! 
Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee. 
Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art
335,of thy wondrous works. 
My soul melteth for heaviness: strengthen thou me according unto thy word. 
Remove from me the way of lying: and grant me thy law graciously. 
I have chosen the way of truth: thy judgments have I laid before me. 
I have stuck unto thy testimonies: O LORD, put me not to shame. 
I will run the way of thy command
308,imelech, and the company that was with him, rushed forward, and stood in the entering of the gate of the city: and the two other companies ran upon all the people that were in the fields, and slew them. 
And Abimelech fought against the city all that day; and he took the city, and slew the people that was t
259,ultitude both of the Jews and also of the Greeks believed. 
But the unbelieving Jews stirred up the Gentiles, and made their minds evil affected against the brethren. 
Long time therefore abode they speaking boldly in the Lord, which gave testimony unto the w
299,e between them both. 
And the crowns shall be to Helem, and to Tobijah, and to Jedaiah, and to Hen the son of Zephaniah, for a memorial in the temple of the LORD. 
And they that are far off shall come and build in the temple of the LORD, and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto yo
357,D heard the voice of your words, when ye spake unto me; and the LORD said unto me, I have heard the voice of the words of this people, which they have spoken unto thee: they have well said all that they have spoken. 
O that there were such an heart in them, that they would fear me, and keep all my commandments always, that it might be well with them, and 
326, day. 
Declare his glory among the heathen, his wonders among all people. 
For the LORD is great, and greatly to be praised: he is to be feared above all gods. 
For all the gods of the nations are idols: but the LORD made the heavens. 
Honour and majesty are before him: strength and beauty are in his sanctuary. 
Give unto th
290,e law, as under the law, that I might gain them that are under the law; 
To them that are without law, as without law, (being not without law to God, but under the law to Christ,) that I might gain them that are without law. 
To the weak became I as weak, that I might gain the weak: I am m
246,y thou shalt not number the tribe of Levi, neither take the sum of them among the children of Israel: 
But thou shalt appoint the Levites over the tabernacle of testimony, and over all the vessels thereof, and over all things that belong to it: t
344,d saw, and, behold, Isaac was sporting with Rebekah his wife. 
And Abimelech called Isaac, and said, Behold, of a surety she is thy wife; and how saidst thou, She is my sister? And Isaac said unto him, Because I said, Lest I die for her. 
And Abimelech said, What is this thou hast done unto us? one of the people might lightly have lien with t
295,e with your gifts, and with your idols. 
For in mine holy mountain, in the mountain of the height of Israel, saith the Lord GOD, there shall all the house of Israel, all of them in the land, serve me: there will I accept them, and there will I require your offerings, and the firstfruits of your
263,nty years old when he began to reign, and reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. 
And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD his God, and humbled not himself before Jeremiah the prophet speaking from the mouth of the LORD. 
And he also rebelled against k
254,rom generation to generation. 
Awake, awake, put on strength, O arm of the LORD; awake, as in the ancient days, in the generations of old. Art thou not it that hath cut Rahab, and wounded the dragon? 
Art thou not it which hath dried the sea, the waters 
274, 
Behold, God is great, and we know him not, neither can the number of his years be searched out. 
For he maketh small the drops of water: they pour down rain according to the vapour thereof: 
Which the clouds do drop and distil upon man abundantly. 
Also can any understand
350,demption out of the money that he was bought for. 
And if there remain but few years unto the year of jubile, then he shall count with him, and according unto his years shall he give him again the price of his redemption. 
And as a yearly hired servant shall he be with him: and the other shall not rule with rigour over him in thy sight. 
And if he 
269,my brethren! 
For whosoever shall do the will of God, the same is my brother, and my sister, and mother. 
And he began again to teach by the sea side: and there was gathered unto him a great multitude, so that he entered into a ship, and sat in the sea; and the whole m
258, visions and dreams. 
Now at the end of the days that the king had said he should bring them in, then the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar. 
And the king communed with them; and among them all was found none like Daniel, Hananiah, 
313,emonies thereof, shall ye keep it. 
And Moses spake unto the children of Israel, that they should keep the passover. 
And they kept the passover on the fourteenth day of the first month at even in the wilderness of Sinai: according to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so did the children of Israel. 
And there w
252,f Judah, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Behold, I will break the bow of Elam, the chief of their might. 
And upon Elam will I bring the four winds from the four quarters of heaven, and will scatter them toward all those winds; and there shall b
275,chandise of gold, and silver, and precious stones, and of pearls, and fine linen, and purple, and silk, and scarlet, and all thyine wood, and all manner vessels of ivory, and all manner vessels of most precious wood, and of brass, and iron, and marble, 
And cinnamon, and odo
300,ef, and into the house of him that sweareth falsely by my name: and it shall remain in the midst of his house, and shall consume it with the timber thereof and the stones thereof. 
Then the angel that talked with me went forth, and said unto me, Lift up now thine eyes, and see what is this that goet
329, but the end shall not be yet. 
For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be earthquakes in divers places, and there shall be famines and troubles: these are the beginnings of sorrows. 
But take heed to yourselves: for they shall deliver you up to councils; and in the synagogues ye shall
357,ke uncleanness, whatsoever uncleanness he hath; 
The soul which hath touched any such shall be unclean until even, and shall not eat of the holy things, unless he wash his flesh with water. 
And when the sun is down, he shall be clean, and shall afterward eat of the holy things; because it is his food. 
That which dieth of itself, or is torn with beasts, 
351,unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still. 
And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be. 
I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and t
278, stood before him. 
And he said unto them, What advice give ye that we may return answer to this people, which have spoken to me, saying, Ease somewhat the yoke that thy father did put upon us? 
And the young men that were brought up with him spake unto him, saying, Thus shalt 
275,th fruit, and bringeth forth, some an hundredfold, some sixty, some thirty. 
Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field: 
But while men slept, his enemy came and sowed tares among the wheat, 
245,clothes waxed not old, and their feet swelled not. 
Moreover thou gavest them kingdoms and nations, and didst divide them into corners: so they possessed the land of Sihon, and the land of the king of Heshbon, and the land of Og king of Bashan. 
284,ck. 
For the LORD hath redeemed Jacob, and ransomed him from the hand of him that was stronger than he. 
Therefore they shall come and sing in the height of Zion, and shall flow together to the goodness of the LORD, for wheat, and for wine, and for oil, and for the young of the flock
266, take hyssop, and dip it in the water, and sprinkle it upon the tent, and upon all the vessels, and upon the persons that were there, and upon him that touched a bone, or one slain, or one dead, or a grave: 
And the clean person shall sprinkle upon the unclean on th
316, Abner? Then Abner answered and said, Who art thou that criest to the king? 
And David said to Abner, Art not thou a valiant man? and who is like to thee in Israel? wherefore then hast thou not kept thy lord the king? for there came one of the people in to destroy the king thy lord. 
This thing is not good that tho
313,er thou findest thy gods, let him not live: before our brethren discern thou what is thine with me, and take it to thee. For Jacob knew not that Rachel had stolen them. 
And Laban went into Jacob's tent, and into Leah's tent, and into the two maidservants' tents; but he found them not. Then went he out of Leah's
241,id unto Joshua, The LORD our God will we serve, and his voice will we obey. 
So Joshua made a covenant with the people that day, and set them a statute and an ordinance in Shechem. 
And Joshua wrote these words in the book of the law of God,
258, let not your hands be weak: for your work shall be rewarded. 
And when Asa heard these words, and the prophecy of Oded the prophet, he took courage, and put away the abominable idols out of all the land of Judah and Benjamin, and out of the cities which he 
328,ion shall be ready at his side. 
It shall devour the strength of his skin: even the firstborn of death shall devour his strength. 
His confidence shall be rooted out of his tabernacle, and it shall bring him to the king of terrors. 
It shall dwell in his tabernacle, because it is none of his: brimstone shall be scattered upon 
286, or whosoever be among you in your generations, and will offer an offering made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD; as ye do, so he shall do. 
One ordinance shall be both for you of the congregation, and also for the stranger that sojourneth with you, an ordinance for ever in you
282, night and day. 
And she coming in that instant gave thanks likewise unto the Lord, and spake of him to all them that looked for redemption in Jerusalem. 
And when they had performed all things according to the law of the Lord, they returned into Galilee, to their own city Nazareth
305, of the church of Ephesus write; These things saith he that holdeth the seven stars in his right hand, who walketh in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks; 
I know thy works, and thy labour, and thy patience, and how thou canst not bear them which are evil: and thou hast tried them which say they a
313,soul of man that doeth evil, of the Jew first, and also of the Gentile; 
But glory, honour, and peace, to every man that worketh good, to the Jew first, and also to the Gentile: 
For there is no respect of persons with God. 
For as many as have sinned without law shall also perish without law: and as many as hav
332,ther, that he hath sent comforters unto thee? are not his servants come unto thee for to search, and to overthrow, and to spy out the land? 
Wherefore Hanun took David's servants, and shaved them, and cut off their garments in the midst hard by their buttocks, and sent them away. 
Then there went certain, and told David how the me
276,n the hems of the robe pomegranates of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and twined linen. 
And they made bells of pure gold, and put the bells between the pomegranates upon the hem of the robe, round about between the pomegranates; 
A bell and a pomegranate, a bell and a pomegr
338,e of the land, Thus saith the Lord GOD of the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and of the land of Israel; They shall eat their bread with carefulness, and drink their water with astonishment, that her land may be desolate from all that is therein, because of the violence of all them that dwell therein. 
And the cities that are inhabited shall 
283,d fig trees, and pomegranates; a land of oil olive, and honey; 
A land wherein thou shalt eat bread without scarceness, thou shalt not lack any thing in it; a land whose stones are iron, and out of whose hills thou mayest dig brass. 
When thou hast eaten and art full, then thou shal
280,you, and bring you out of this land unto the land which he sware to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob. 
And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you, and ye shall carry up my bones from hence. 
So Joseph died, being an hundred and ten years o
273,peakest thou plainly, and speakest no proverb. 
Now are we sure that thou knowest all things, and needest not that any man should ask thee: by this we believe that thou camest forth from God. 
Jesus answered them, Do ye now believe? 
Behold, the hour cometh, yea, is now co
317, and ten foals. 
And he delivered them into the hand of his servants, every drove by themselves; and said unto his servants, Pass over before me, and put a space betwixt drove and drove. 
And he commanded the foremost, saying, When Esau my brother meeteth thee, and asketh thee, saying, Whose art thou? and whither go
352, 
The law of the LORD is perfect, converting the soul: the testimony of the LORD is sure, making wise the simple. 
The statutes of the LORD are right, rejoicing the heart: the commandment of the LORD is pure, enlightening the eyes. 
The fear of the LORD is clean, enduring for ever: the judgments of the LORD are true and righteous altogether. 
More to
274, inhabitants of Bethshemesh, nor the inhabitants of Bethanath; but he dwelt among the Canaanites, the inhabitants of the land: nevertheless the inhabitants of Bethshemesh and of Bethanath became tributaries unto them. 
And the Amorites forced the children of Dan into the mo
271, the LORD he is God; there is none else beside him. 
Out of heaven he made thee to hear his voice, that he might instruct thee: and upon earth he shewed thee his great fire; and thou heardest his words out of the midst of the fire. 
And because he loved thy fathers, ther
338, thee from far, from the end of the earth, as swift as the eagle flieth; a nation whose tongue thou shalt not understand; 
A nation of fierce countenance, which shall not regard the person of the old, nor shew favour to the young: 
And he shall eat the fruit of thy cattle, and the fruit of thy land, until thou be destroyed: which also s
295,unto them, We cannot do this thing, to give our sister to one that is uncircumcised; for that were a reproach unto us: 
But in this will we consent unto you: If ye will be as we be, that every male of you be circumcised; 
Then will we give our daughters unto you, and we will take your daughters
302,
Can the rush grow up without mire? can the flag grow without water? 
Whilst it is yet in his greenness, and not cut down, it withereth before any other herb. 
So are the paths of all that forget God; and the hypocrite's hope shall perish: 
Whose hope shall be cut off, and whose trust shall be a spide
280,great tribulation, except they repent of their deeds. 
And I will kill her children with death; and all the churches shall know that I am he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and I will give unto every one of you according to your works. 
But unto you I say, and unto the rest
259, Jesus therefore, being wearied with his journey, sat thus on the well: and it was about the sixth hour. 
There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink. 
(For his disciples were gone away unto the city to buy meat.) 
Th
250,he soldiers, they left beating of Paul. 
Then the chief captain came near, and took him, and commanded him to be bound with two chains; and demanded who he was, and what he had done. 
And some cried one thing, some another, among the multitude: and w
357, and was gone: my soul failed when he spake: I sought him, but I could not find him; I called him, but he gave me no answer. 
The watchmen that went about the city found me, they smote me, they wounded me; the keepers of the walls took away my veil from me. 
I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, if ye find my beloved, that ye tell him, that I am sick of
301,a ram without blemish. 
And the meat offering shall be an ephah for a ram, and the meat offering for the lambs as he shall be able to give, and an hin of oil to an ephah. 
And in the day of the new moon it shall be a young bullock without blemish, and six lambs, and a ram: they shall be without blemi
268,e lay down: at her feet he bowed, he fell: where he bowed, there he fell down dead. 
The mother of Sisera looked out at a window, and cried through the lattice, Why is his chariot so long in coming? why tarry the wheels of his chariots? 
Her wise ladies answered her, 
348,ogs from me, and from my people; and I will let the people go, that they may do sacrifice unto the LORD. 
And Moses said unto Pharaoh, Glory over me: when shall I intreat for thee, and for thy servants, and for thy people, to destroy the frogs from thee and thy houses, that they may remain in the river only? 
And he said, To morrow. And he said, 
342, that he went out into a mountain to pray, and continued all night in prayer to God. 
And when it was day, he called unto him his disciples: and of them he chose twelve, whom also he named apostles; 
Simon, (whom he also named Peter,) and Andrew his brother, James and John, Philip and Bartholomew, 
Matthew and Thomas, James the son of Alpha
253,our law judge any man, before it hear him, and know what he doeth? 
They answered and said unto him, Art thou also of Galilee? Search, and look: for out of Galilee ariseth no prophet. 
And every man went unto his own house. 
Jesus went unto the mount of
342,s sons, and upon the garments of his sons with him: and he shall be hallowed, and his garments, and his sons, and his sons' garments with him. 
Also thou shalt take of the ram the fat and the rump, and the fat that covereth the inwards, and the caul above the liver, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, and the right shoulder;
359,D, was taken in their pits, of whom we said, Under his shadow we shall live among the heathen. 
Rejoice and be glad, O daughter of Edom, that dwellest in the land of Uz; the cup also shall pass through unto thee: thou shalt be drunken, and shalt make thyself naked. 
The punishment of thine iniquity is accomplished, O daughter of Zion; he will no more carry 
267,r fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles? 
Even so every good tree bringeth forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit. 
A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit. 
Every tree
280,which is lawful and right, he shall surely live, he shall not die. 
All his transgressions that he hath committed, they shall not be mentioned unto him: in his righteousness that he hath done he shall live. 
Have I any pleasure at all that the wicked should die? saith the Lord GO
329,rvant? 
And the captain of the LORD's host said unto Joshua, Loose thy shoe from off thy foot; for the place whereon thou standest is holy. And Joshua did so. 
Now Jericho was straitly shut up because of the children of Israel: none went out, and none came in. 
And the LORD said unto Joshua, See, I have given into thine hand Je
300,ve they taken gifts to shed blood; thou hast taken usury and increase, and thou hast greedily gained of thy neighbours by extortion, and hast forgotten me, saith the Lord GOD. 
Behold, therefore I have smitten mine hand at thy dishonest gain which thou hast made, and at thy blood which hath been in 
344,, that I may know the number of the people. 
And Joab said unto the king, Now the LORD thy God add unto the people, how many soever they be, an hundredfold, and that the eyes of my lord the king may see it: but why doth my lord the king delight in this thing? 
Notwithstanding the king's word prevailed against Joab, and against the captains of
308,d spare not to spit in my face. 
Because he hath loosed my cord, and afflicted me, they have also let loose the bridle before me. 
Upon my right hand rise the youth; they push away my feet, and they raise up against me the ways of their destruction. 
They mar my path, they set forward my calamity, they have
274,is brother pursued after Sheba the son of Bichri. 
And one of Joab's men stood by him, and said, He that favoureth Joab, and he that is for David, let him go after Joab. 
And Amasa wallowed in blood in the midst of the highway. And when the man saw that all the people stood
294, numbered in the camp of Reuben were an hundred thousand and fifty and one thousand and four hundred and fifty, throughout their armies. And they shall set forth in the second rank. 
Then the tabernacle of the congregation shall set forward with the camp of the Levites in the midst of the camp
275,reof: it shall be eaten in the holy place: it is most holy. 
As the sin offering is, so is the trespass offering: there is one law for them: the priest that maketh atonement therewith shall have it. 
And the priest that offereth any man's burnt offering, even the priest shal
275,livered. 
And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in the inn. 
And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night. 
And
279,e the poor: let them be taken in the devices that they have imagined. 
For the wicked boasteth of his heart's desire, and blesseth the covetous, whom the LORD abhorreth. 
The wicked, through the pride of his countenance, will not seek after God: God is not in all his thoughts. 

250,to sound! 
And the fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star fall from heaven unto the earth: and to him was given the key of the bottomless pit. 
And he opened the bottomless pit; and there arose a smoke out of the pit, as the smoke of a great furnace; 
344,mediately the king sent an executioner, and commanded his head to be brought: and he went and beheaded him in the prison, 
And brought his head in a charger, and gave it to the damsel: and the damsel gave it to her mother. 
And when his disciples heard of it, they came and took up his corpse, and laid it in a tomb. 
And the apostles gathered 
260,the Lord. Then prayed they him to tarry certain days. 
And the apostles and brethren that were in Judaea heard that the Gentiles had also received the word of God. 
And when Peter was come up to Jerusalem, they that were of the circumcision contended with him,
298,nd curse not the rich in thy bedchamber: for a bird of the air shall carry the voice, and that which hath wings shall tell the matter. 
Cast thy bread upon the waters: for thou shalt find it after many days. 
Give a portion to seven, and also to eight; for thou knowest not what evil shall be upon 
282,ll now speak unto the king; it may be that the king will perform the request of his handmaid. 
For the king will hear, to deliver his handmaid out of the hand of the man that would destroy me and my son together out of the inheritance of God. 
Then thine handmaid said, The word of 
349, Shigionoth. 
O LORD, I have heard thy speech, and was afraid: O LORD, revive thy work in the midst of the years, in the midst of the years make known; in wrath remember mercy. 
God came from Teman, and the Holy One from mount Paran. Selah. His glory covered the heavens, and the earth was full of his praise. 
And his brightness was as the light; h
271,e heavens. 
We have transgressed and have rebelled: thou hast not pardoned. 
Thou hast covered with anger, and persecuted us: thou hast slain, thou hast not pitied. 
Thou hast covered thyself with a cloud, that our prayer should not pass through. 
Thou hast made us as th
297,and his device that he had devised against the Jews. 
Then the king held out the golden sceptre toward Esther. So Esther arose, and stood before the king, 
And said, If it please the king, and if I have favour in his sight, and the thing seem right before the king, and I be pleasing in his eyes, 
289,
Who verily was foreordained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times for you, 
Who by him do believe in God, that raised him up from the dead, and gave him glory; that your faith and hope might be in God. 
Seeing ye have purified your souls in obeying the 
252,ll cover thee, and the spoil of beasts, which made them afraid, because of men's blood, and for the violence of the land, of the city, and of all that dwell therein. 
What profiteth the graven image that the maker thereof hath graven it; the molten ima
313,d about her: for they have refused my judgments and my statutes, they have not walked in them. 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye multiplied more than the nations that are round about you, and have not walked in my statutes, neither have kept my judgments, neither have done according to the judgments
346,that ye come behind in no gift; waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ: 
Who shall also confirm you unto the end, that ye may be blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ. 
God is faithful, by whom ye were called unto the fellowship of his Son Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ
257,es. But Moses fled from the face of Pharaoh, and dwelt in the land of Midian: and he sat down by a well. 
Now the priest of Midian had seven daughters: and they came and drew water, and filled the troughs to water their father's flock. 
And the shepherds ca
333,arried away captive of Judah, whom I have sent out of this place into the land of the Chaldeans for their good. 
For I will set mine eyes upon them for good, and I will bring them again to this land: and I will build them, and not pull them down; and I will plant them, and not pluck them up. 
And I will give them an heart to know m
354,r into the wilderness, and speak comfortably unto her. 
And I will give her her vineyards from thence, and the valley of Achor for a door of hope: and she shall sing there, as in the days of her youth, and as in the day when she came up out of the land of Egypt. 
And it shall be at that day, saith the LORD, that thou shalt call me Ishi; and shalt call 
255,he ninth day of the month at even, from even unto even, shall ye celebrate your sabbath. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, The fifteenth day of this seventh month shall be the feast of tabernacles for seve
304,hee: so will I destroy thy cities. 
And I will execute vengeance in anger and fury upon the heathen, such as they have not heard. 
Hear ye now what the LORD saith; Arise, contend thou before the mountains, and let the hills hear thy voice. 
Hear ye, O mountains, the LORD's controversy, and ye strong fou
328,r of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above measure. 
For this thing I besought the Lord thrice, that it might depart from me. 
And he said unto me, My grace is sufficient for thee: for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may
355,will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion. 
So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that sheweth mercy. 
For the scripture saith unto Pharaoh, Even for this same purpose have I raised thee up, that I might shew my power in thee, and that my name might be declar
284,eliver those that are given to it. 
All this have I seen, and applied my heart unto every work that is done under the sun: there is a time wherein one man ruleth over another to his own hurt. 
And so I saw the wicked buried, who had come and gone from the place of the holy, and they 
291,ridegroom with them, they cannot fast. 
But the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them, and then shall they fast in those days. 
No man also seweth a piece of new cloth on an old garment: else the new piece that filled it up taketh away from the old, and the rent 
269, commandment against the merchant city, to destroy the strong holds thereof. 
And he said, Thou shalt no more rejoice, O thou oppressed virgin, daughter of Zidon: arise, pass over to Chittim; there also shalt thou have no rest. 
Behold the land of the Chaldeans; this p
291,ere be no place to bury. 
Thus will I do unto this place, saith the LORD, and to the inhabitants thereof, and even make this city as Tophet: 
And the houses of Jerusalem, and the houses of the kings of Judah, shall be defiled as the place of Tophet, because of all the houses upon whose roof
324,: and who may say unto him, What doest thou? 
Whoso keepeth the commandment shall feel no evil thing: and a wise man's heart discerneth both time and judgment. 
Because to every purpose there is time and judgment, therefore the misery of man is great upon him. 
For he knoweth not that which shall be: for who can tell him w
308, were brought low for their iniquity. 
Nevertheless he regarded their affliction, when he heard their cry: 
And he remembered for them his covenant, and repented according to the multitude of his mercies. 
He made them also to be pitied of all those that carried them captives. 
Save us, O LORD our God, and 
246,h unto Medeba. 
Thus Israel dwelt in the land of the Amorites. 
And Moses sent to spy out Jaazer, and they took the villages thereof, and drove out the Amorites that were there. 
And they turned and went up by the way of Bashan: and og the king o
292, was their rock, and the high God their redeemer. 
Nevertheless they did flatter him with their mouth, and they lied unto him with their tongues. 
For their heart was not right with him, neither were they stedfast in his covenant. 
But he, being full of compassion, forgave their iniquity, an
329,perpetually. 
And if thou wilt walk before me, as David thy father walked, in integrity of heart, and in uprightness, to do according to all that I have commanded thee, and wilt keep my statutes and my judgments: 
Then I will establish the throne of thy kingdom upon Israel for ever, as I promised to David thy father, saying, Th
313,ar heard me, then it blessed me; and when the eye saw me, it gave witness to me: 
Because I delivered the poor that cried, and the fatherless, and him that had none to help him. 
The blessing of him that was ready to perish came upon me: and I caused the widow's heart to sing for joy. 
I put on righteousness, an
272,unto him, Well done, thou good and faithful servant: thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord. 
He also that had received two talents came and said, Lord, thou deliveredst unto me two talents: 
344,Who is there among you of all his people? The LORD his God be with him, and let him go up. 
Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled, the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in wri
250, the LORD, the God of Israel; I made a covenant with your fathers in the day that I brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondmen, saying, 
At the end of seven years let ye go every man his brother an Hebrew, which hath bee
318, second year that which springeth of the same: and in the third year sow ye, and reap, and plant vineyards, and eat the fruit thereof. 
And the remnant that is escaped of the house of Judah shall again take root downward, and bear fruit upward: 
For out of Jerusalem shall go forth a remnant, and they that escape out 
313,il: but the fool rageth, and is confident. 
He that is soon angry dealeth foolishly: and a man of wicked devices is hated. 
The simple inherit folly: but the prudent are crowned with knowledge. 
The evil bow before the good; and the wicked at the gates of the righteous. 
The poor is hated even of his own neighbo
304,d Shabbethai and Jozabad, of the chief of the Levites, had the oversight of the outward business of the house of God. 
And Mattaniah the son of Micha, the son of Zabdi, the son of Asaph, was the principal to begin the thanksgiving in prayer: and Bakbukiah the second among his brethren, and Abda the son 
290,ese are the sons of Zadok among the sons of Levi, which come near to the LORD to minister unto him. 
So he measured the court, an hundred cubits long, and an hundred cubits broad, foursquare; and the altar that was before the house. 
And he brought me to the porch of the house, and measure
299, of the fathers of the Levites: sanctify yourselves, both ye and your brethren, that ye may bring up the ark of the LORD God of Israel unto the place that I have prepared for it. 
For because ye did it not at the first, the LORD our God made a breach upon us, for that we sought him not after the du
318, go out. And he went out from Pharaoh in a great anger. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you; that my wonders may be multiplied in the land of Egypt. 
And Moses and Aaron did all these wonders before Pharaoh: and the LORD hardened Pharaoh's heart, so that he would not let the children of 
346,gly, and said, Who? where is he that hath taken venison, and brought it me, and I have eaten of all before thou camest, and have blessed him? yea, and he shall be blessed. 
And when Esau heard the words of his father, he cried with a great and exceeding bitter cry, and said unto his father, Bless me, even me also, O my father. 
And he said, Thy
360,thou in heaven thy dwelling place, and do according to all that the stranger calleth to thee for: that all people of the earth may know thy name, to fear thee, as do thy people Israel; and that they may know that this house, which I have builded, is called by thy name. 
If thy people go out to battle against their enemy, whithersoever thou shalt send them, a
288,all ye that bend the bow, shoot at her, spare no arrows: for she hath sinned against the LORD. 
Shout against her round about: she hath given her hand: her foundations are fallen, her walls are thrown down: for it is the vengeance of the LORD: take vengeance upon her; as she hath done, d
345,which another challengeth to be his, the cause of both parties shall come before the judges; and whom the judges shall condemn, he shall pay double unto his neighbour. 
If a man deliver unto his neighbour an ass, or an ox, or a sheep, or any beast, to keep; and it die, or be hurt, or driven away, no man seeing it: 
Then shall an oath of the LO
268,alled, them he also justified: and whom he justified, them he also glorified. 
What shall we then say to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us? 
He that spared not his own Son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give
351,ve wells of water, and threescore and ten palm trees: and they encamped there by the waters. 
And they took their journey from Elim, and all the congregation of the children of Israel came unto the wilderness of Sin, which is between Elim and Sinai, on the fifteenth day of the second month after their departing out of the land of Egypt. 
And the who
315, wise men of Babylon, Whosoever shall read this writing, and shew me the interpretation thereof, shall be clothed with scarlet, and have a chain of gold about his neck, and shall be the third ruler in the kingdom. 
Then came in all the king's wise men: but they could not read the writing, nor make known to the kin
349,journeth in Israel, which separateth himself from me, and setteth up his idols in his heart, and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face, and cometh to a prophet to enquire of him concerning me; I the LORD will answer him by myself: 
And I will set my face against that man, and will make him a sign and a proverb, and I will cut 
252,cle as it were the appearance of fire, until the morning. 
So it was alway: the cloud covered it by day, and the appearance of fire by night. 
And when the cloud was taken up from the tabernacle, then after that the children of Israel journeyed: and in
287,nd Lot sat in the gate of Sodom: and Lot seeing them rose up to meet them; and he bowed himself with his face toward the ground; 
And he said, Behold now, my lords, turn in, I pray you, into your servant's house, and tarry all night, and wash your feet, and ye shall rise up early, and g
278, men of Israel put themselves in array to fight against them at Gibeah. 
And the children of Benjamin came forth out of Gibeah, and destroyed down to the ground of the Israelites that day twenty and two thousand men. 
And the people the men of Israel encouraged themselves, and 
343,ou shalt bind this line of scarlet thread in the window which thou didst let us down by: and thou shalt bring thy father, and thy mother, and thy brethren, and all thy father's household, home unto thee. 
And it shall be, that whosoever shall go out of the doors of thy house into the street, his blood shall be upon his head, and we will be g
297,o conquer. 
And when he had opened the second seal, I heard the second beast say, Come and see. 
And there went out another horse that was red: and power was given to him that sat thereon to take peace from the earth, and that they should kill one another: and there was given unto him a great swo
338,he Philistines, Is not this David, the servant of Saul the king of Israel, which hath been with me these days, or these years, and I have found no fault in him since he fell unto me unto this day? 
And the princes of the Philistines were wroth with him; and the princes of the Philistines said unto him, Make this fellow return, that he m
261,n, who hath not seen the evil work that is done under the sun. 
Again, I considered all travail, and every right work, that for this a man is envied of his neighbour. This is also vanity and vexation of spirit. 
The fool foldeth his hands together, and eateth h
287,other, and his sons, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office. 
And they shall take gold, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen. 
And they shall make the ephod of gold, of blue, and of purple, of scarlet, and fine twined linen, with cunning work. 
It shall have th
277,, and all her princes, which with their might are laid by them that were slain by the sword: they shall lie with the uncircumcised, and with them that go down to the pit. 
There be the princes of the north, all of them, and all the Zidonians, which are gone down with the slain
331, and from them that persecute me. 
Make thy face to shine upon thy servant: save me for thy mercies' sake. 
Let me not be ashamed, O LORD; for I have called upon thee: let the wicked be ashamed, and let them be silent in the grave. 
Let the lying lips be put to silence; which speak grievous things proudly and contemptuously again
324,bring innocent blood upon yourselves, and upon this city, and upon the inhabitants thereof: for of a truth the LORD hath sent me unto you to speak all these words in your ears. 
Then said the princes and all the people unto the priests and to the prophets; This man is not worthy to die: for he hath spoken to us in the name
246,ng of the water. 
For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had. 
And a certain man was there, which 
329,, and it was accounted to him for righteousness. 
Know ye therefore that they which are of faith, the same are the children of Abraham. 
And the scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the heathen through faith, preached before the gospel unto Abraham, saying, In thee shall all nations be blessed. 
So then they which be of
274,on and of her miseries all her pleasant things that she had in the days of old, when her people fell into the hand of the enemy, and none did help her: the adversaries saw her, and did mock at her sabbaths. 
Jerusalem hath grievously sinned; therefore she is removed: all th
321, shall I speak. 
And Balaam went with Balak, and they came unto Kirjathhuzoth. 
And Balak offered oxen and sheep, and sent to Balaam, and to the princes that were with him. 
And it came to pass on the morrow, that Balak took Balaam, and brought him up into the high places of Baal, that thence he might see the utmost par
284,e glorious honour of thy majesty, and of thy wondrous works. 
And men shall speak of the might of thy terrible acts: and I will declare thy greatness. 
They shall abundantly utter the memory of thy great goodness, and shall sing of thy righteousness. 
The LORD is gracious, and full o
324, 
Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat the herb of the field; 
In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return. 
And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mo
333,the house of the LORD, and until it was finished. So the house of the LORD was perfected. 
Then went Solomon to Eziongeber, and to Eloth, at the sea side in the land of Edom. 
And Huram sent him by the hands of his servants ships, and servants that had knowledge of the sea; and they went with the servants of Solomon to Ophir, and t
272, was healed. 
Then the whole multitude of the country of the Gadarenes round about besought him to depart from them; for they were taken with great fear: and he went up into the ship, and returned back again. 
Now the man out of whom the devils were departed besought him 
254,thy servant did perversely the day that my lord the king went out of Jerusalem, that the king should take it to his heart. 
For thy servant doth know that I have sinned: therefore, behold, I am come the first this day of all the house of Joseph to go dow
258,n by the means of the pransings, the pransings of their mighty ones. 
Curse ye Meroz, said the angel of the LORD, curse ye bitterly the inhabitants thereof; because they came not to the help of the LORD, to the help of the LORD against the mighty. 
Blessed a
266,hat doeth evil. 
Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience sake. 
For for this cause pay ye tribute also: for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing. 
Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to 
348,e arms of the king of Babylon, and put my sword in his hand: but I will break Pharaoh's arms, and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man. 
But I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon, and the arms of Pharaoh shall fall down; and they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall put my sword into the hand of 
318,t many: yet they shall fall by the sword, and by flame, by captivity, and by spoil, many days. 
Now when they shall fall, they shall be holpen with a little help: but many shall cleave to them with flatteries. 
And some of them of understanding shall fall, to try them, and to purge, and to make them white, even to th
271,o the heave offering of the threshingfloor, so shall ye heave it. 
Of the first of your dough ye shall give unto the LORD an heave offering in your generations. 
And if ye have erred, and not observed all these commandments, which the LORD hath spoken unto Moses, 
Even a
291, thou so far from helping me, and from the words of my roaring? 
O my God, I cry in the day time, but thou hearest not; and in the night season, and am not silent. 
But thou art holy, O thou that inhabitest the praises of Israel. 
Our fathers trusted in thee: they trusted, and thou didst de
274, burnt offering. 
He shall put on the holy linen coat, and he shall have the linen breeches upon his flesh, and shall be girded with a linen girdle, and with the linen mitre shall he be attired: these are holy garments; therefore shall he wash his flesh in water, and so put
256,se it is a trial, and what if the sword contemn even the rod? it shall be no more, saith the Lord GOD. 
Thou therefore, son of man, prophesy, and smite thine hands together. and let the sword be doubled the third time, the sword of the slain: it is the swo
356, are desolate, without man, and without inhabitant, and without beast, 
The voice of joy, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride, the voice of them that shall say, Praise the LORD of hosts: for the LORD is good; for his mercy endureth for ever: and of them that shall bring the sacrifice of praise into the house
348,is iniquity; and the earth shall rise up against him. 
The increase of his house shall depart, and his goods shall flow away in the day of his wrath. 
This is the portion of a wicked man from God, and the heritage appointed unto him by God. 
But Job answered and said, 
Hear diligently my speech, and let this be your consolations. 
Suffer me that 
345,im hear; and he that forbeareth, let him forbear: for they are a rebellious house. 
Thou also, son of man, take thee a tile, and lay it before thee, and pourtray upon it the city, even Jerusalem: 
And lay siege against it, and build a fort against it, and cast a mount against it; set the camp also against it, and set battering rams against it 
320,t was hated: 
Then it shall be, when he maketh his sons to inherit that which he hath, that he may not make the son of the beloved firstborn before the son of the hated, which is indeed the firstborn: 
But he shall acknowledge the son of the hated for the firstborn, by giving him a double portion of all that he hath: f
304,e sword; all these were men of valour. 
But six hundred men turned and fled to the wilderness unto the rock Rimmon, and abode in the rock Rimmon four months. 
And the men of Israel turned again upon the children of Benjamin, and smote them with the edge of the sword, as well the men of every city, as th
340,s name was Mephibosheth. 
And the sons of Rimmon the Beerothite, Rechab and Baanah, went, and came about the heat of the day to the house of Ishbosheth, who lay on a bed at noon. 
And they came thither into the midst of the house, as though they would have fetched wheat; and they smote him under the fifth rib: and Rechab and Baanah his br
278,f the horse: he taketh not pleasure in the legs of a man. 
The LORD taketh pleasure in them that fear him, in those that hope in his mercy. 
Praise the LORD, O Jerusalem; praise thy God, O Zion. 
For he hath strengthened the bars of thy gates; he hath blessed thy children withi
245, backsliding daughter? that trusted in her treasures, saying, Who shall come unto me? 
Behold, I will bring a fear upon thee, saith the Lord GOD of hosts, from all those that be about thee; and ye shall be driven out every man right forth; and n
256,Sinai, which gendereth to bondage, which is Agar. 
For this Agar is mount Sinai in Arabia, and answereth to Jerusalem which now is, and is in bondage with her children. 
But Jerusalem which is above is free, which is the mother of us all. 
For it is writte
337,icken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you. 
Therefore, brethren, we are debtors, not to the flesh, to live after the flesh. 
For if ye live after the flesh, ye shall die: but if ye through the Spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live. 
For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God
287,in in Zelah, in the sepulchre of Kish his father: and they performed all that the king commanded. And after that God was intreated for the land. 
Moreover the Philistines had yet war again with Israel; and David went down, and his servants with him, and fought against the Philistines: a
241,he was to make for king Solomon for the house of God; 
To wit, the two pillars, and the pommels, and the chapiters which were on the top of the two pillars, and the two wreaths to cover the two pommels of the chapiters which were on the top 
252,before thee seven ways. 
The LORD shall command the blessing upon thee in thy storehouses, and in all that thou settest thine hand unto; and he shall bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee. 
The LORD shall establish thee an holy peop
253,n of spirit. 
And ye shall leave your name for a curse unto my chosen: for the Lord GOD shall slay thee, and call his servants by another name: 
That he who blesseth himself in the earth shall bless himself in the God of truth; and he that sweareth in t
291,iah, king of Judah, that Rezin the king of Syria, and Pekah the son of Remaliah, king of Israel, went up toward Jerusalem to war against it, but could not prevail against it. 
And it was told the house of David, saying, Syria is confederate with Ephraim. And his heart was moved, and the hea
351,ess of thy father's wife's daughter, begotten of thy father, she is thy sister, thou shalt not uncover her nakedness. 
Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy father's sister: she is thy father's near kinswoman. 
Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy mother's sister: for she is thy mother's near kinswoman. 
Thou shalt not uncover the naked
261,d ye shall be my people: and walk ye in all the ways that I have commanded you, that it may be well unto you. 
But they hearkened not, nor inclined their ear, but walked in the counsels and in the imagination of their evil heart, and went backward, and not forw
272, burn the remainder with fire: it shall not be eaten, because it is holy. 
And thus shalt thou do unto Aaron, and to his sons, according to all things which I have commanded thee: seven days shalt thou consecrate them. 
And thou shalt offer every day a bullock for a sin o
280,d, Do whatsoever seemeth good unto thee. Then said the priest, Let us draw near hither unto God. 
And Saul asked counsel of God, Shall I go down after the Philistines? wilt thou deliver them into the hand of Israel? But he answered him not that day. 
And Saul said, Draw ye near h
254,all fall, and ye shall be consumed in the midst thereof: and ye shall know that I am the LORD. 
Thus will I accomplish my wrath upon the wall, and upon them that have daubed it with untempered morter, and will say unto you, The wall is no more, neither t
284,ourselves, and them that were entering in ye hindered. 
And as he said these things unto them, the scribes and the Pharisees began to urge him vehemently, and to provoke him to speak of many things: 
Laying wait for him, and seeking to catch something out of his mouth, that they migh
350,ll confess that Jesus is the Son of God, God dwelleth in him, and he in God. 
And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love; and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him. 
Herein is our love made perfect, that we may have boldness in the day of judgment: because as he is, so are we in this world. 
There is
259,inst thee, and lift up the buckler against thee. 
And he shall set engines of war against thy walls, and with his axes he shall break down thy towers. 
By reason of the abundance of his horses their dust shall cover thee: thy walls shall shake at the noise of
289,s said, How can a man that is a sinner do such miracles? And there was a division among them. 
They say unto the blind man again, What sayest thou of him, that he hath opened thine eyes? He said, He is a prophet. 
But the Jews did not believe concerning him, that he had been blind, and re
328,ead, they shall not live; they are deceased, they shall not rise: therefore hast thou visited and destroyed them, and made all their memory to perish. 
Thou hast increased the nation, O LORD, thou hast increased the nation: thou art glorified: thou hadst removed it far unto all the ends of the earth. 
LORD, in trouble have the
251,se I did bear the reproach of my youth. 
Is Ephraim my dear son? is he a pleasant child? for since I spake against him, I do earnestly remember him still: therefore my bowels are troubled for him; I will surely have mercy upon him, saith the LORD. 
Se
350,alaam, Am not I thine ass, upon which thou hast ridden ever since I was thine unto this day? was I ever wont to do so unto thee? and he said, Nay. 
Then the LORD opened the eyes of Balaam, and he saw the angel of the LORD standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his hand: and he bowed down his head, and fell flat on his face. 
And the angel of t
304,ve to the house of Israel according to their tribes. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; Let it suffice you, O princes of Israel: remove violence and spoil, and execute judgment and justice, take away your exactions from my people, saith the Lord GOD. 
Ye shall have just balances, and a just ephah, and a just bat
336,ouse upon thee with fire. 
And Jephthah said unto them, I and my people were at great strife with the children of Ammon; and when I called you, ye delivered me not out of their hands. 
And when I saw that ye delivered me not, I put my life in my hands, and passed over against the children of Ammon, and the LORD delivered them into my 
350,enses be given out of the king's house: 
And also let the golden and silver vessels of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took forth out of the temple which is at Jerusalem, and brought unto Babylon, be restored, and brought again unto the temple which is at Jerusalem, every one to his place, and place them in the house of God. 
Now therefore, 
288,at they might be saved. 
And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie: 
That they all might be damned who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness. 
But we are bound to give thanks alway to God for you, brethren beloved of the 
343,derision in the land of Egypt. 
Set the trumpet to thy mouth. He shall come as an eagle against the house of the LORD, because they have transgressed my covenant, and trespassed against my law. 
Israel shall cry unto me, My God, we know thee. 
Israel hath cast off the thing that is good: the enemy shall pursue him. 
They have set up kings, b
349,ll John what things ye have seen and heard; how that the blind see, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised, to the poor the gospel is preached. 
And blessed is he, whosoever shall not be offended in me. 
And when the messengers of John were departed, he began to speak unto the people concerning John, What went y
256,hundred and fourscore and five thousand: and when they arose early in the morning, behold, they were all dead corpses. 
So Sennacherib king of Assyria departed, and went and returned, and dwelt at Nineveh. 
And it came to pass, as he was worshipping in the
246,mouth with laughing, and thy lips with rejoicing. 
They that hate thee shall be clothed with shame; and the dwelling place of the wicked shall come to nought. 
Then Job answered and said, 
I know it is so of a truth: but how should man be just wi
313,eth on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb: 
For the great day of his wrath is come; and who shall be able to stand? 
And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on 
295, chariot: and we will fight against them in the plain, and surely we shall be stronger than they. And he hearkened unto their voice, and did so. 
And it came to pass at the return of the year, that Benhadad numbered the Syrians, and went up to Aphek, to fight against Israel. 
And the children o
313,y messenger, and he shall prepare the way before me: and the LORD, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to his temple, even the messenger of the covenant, whom ye delight in: behold, he shall come, saith the LORD of hosts. 
But who may abide the day of his coming? and who shall stand when he appeareth? for he is li
358,oktan. 
Shem, Arphaxad, Shelah, 
Eber, Peleg, Reu, 
Serug, Nahor, Terah, 
Abram; the same is Abraham. 
The sons of Abraham; Isaac, and Ishmael. 
These are their generations: The firstborn of Ishmael, Nebaioth; then Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam, 
Mishma, and Dumah, Massa, Hadad, and Tema, 
Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah. These are the sons of Ishmael. 
Now th
291, therefore come thou, let us make a covenant, I and thou; and let it be for a witness between me and thee. 
And Jacob took a stone, and set it up for a pillar. 
And Jacob said unto his brethren, Gather stones; and they took stones, and made an heap: and they did eat there upon the heap. 
An
298,ed sea. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying, 
How long shall I bear with this evil congregation, which murmur against me? I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel, which they murmur against me. 
Say unto them, As truly as I live, saith the LORD, as ye have spoken in 
281,t: but the wicked shall be filled with mischief. 
Lying lips are abomination to the LORD: but they that deal truly are his delight. 
A prudent man concealeth knowledge: but the heart of fools proclaimeth foolishness. 
The hand of the diligent shall bear rule: but the slothful shal
346,ast thou delivered thy people at all. 
Then the LORD said unto Moses, Now shalt thou see what I will do to Pharaoh: for with a strong hand shall he let them go, and with a strong hand shall he drive them out of his land. 
And God spake unto Moses, and said unto him, I am the LORD: 
And I appeared unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob, by the
262,o strife, I pray thee, between me and thee, and between my herdmen and thy herdmen; for we be brethren. 
Is not the whole land before thee? separate thyself, I pray thee, from me: if thou wilt take the left hand, then I will go to the right; or if thou depart to
333,ave praise of the same: 
For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil. 
Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience sake. 
For
257, there an herd of many swine feeding on the mountain: and they besought him that he would suffer them to enter into them. And he suffered them. 
Then went the devils out of the man, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place i
262,ng of Egypt, and to his multitude; Whom art thou like in thy greatness? 
Behold, the Assyrian was a cedar in Lebanon with fair branches, and with a shadowing shroud, and of an high stature; and his top was among the thick boughs. 
The waters made him great, the 
240,th together again, so that they could not so much as eat bread. 
And when his friends heard of it, they went out to lay hold on him: for they said, He is beside himself. 
And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebu
253,and, behold, the plague be not spread in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in any thing of skin; 
Then the priest shall command that they wash the thing wherein the plague is, and he shall shut it up seven days more: 
And the priest sh
250, never leave thee, nor forsake thee. 
So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man shall do unto me. 
Remember them which have the rule over you, who have spoken unto you the word of God: whose faith follow, consider
317,cloak also. 
And whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go with him twain. 
Give to him that asketh thee, and from him that would borrow of thee turn not thou away. 
Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy. 
But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that c
281,udgment to rest for a light of the people. 
My righteousness is near; my salvation is gone forth, and mine arms shall judge the people; the isles shall wait upon me, and on mine arm shall they trust. 
Lift up your eyes to the heavens, and look upon the earth beneath: for the heave
326,ng them; that ye may know how that I am the LORD. 
And Moses and Aaron came in unto Pharaoh, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, How long wilt thou refuse to humble thyself before me? let my people go, that they may serve me. 
Else, if thou refuse to let my people go, behold, to morrow will I bring the
357,n. 
For they speak against thee wickedly, and thine enemies take thy name in vain. 
Do not I hate them, O LORD, that hate thee? and am not I grieved with those that rise up against thee? 
I hate them with perfect hatred: I count them mine enemies. 
Search me, O God, and know my heart: try me, and know my thoughts: 
And see if there be any wicked way in me
298,hiah, and Hasadiah, Jushabhesed, five. 
And the sons of Hananiah; Pelatiah, and Jesaiah: the sons of Rephaiah, the sons of Arnan, the sons of Obadiah, the sons of Shechaniah. 
And the sons of Shechaniah; Shemaiah: and the sons of Shemaiah; Hattush, and Igeal, and Bariah, and Neariah, and Shaphat, 
260, to pass, that when the Jews which dwelt by them came, they said unto us ten times, From all places whence ye shall return unto us they will be upon you. 
Therefore set I in the lower places behind the wall, and on the higher places, I even set the people afte
291,le in thy lips, and I will turn thee back by the way by which thou camest. 
And this shall be a sign unto thee, Ye shall eat this year such as groweth of itself; and the second year that which springeth of the same: and in the third year sow ye, and reap, and plant vineyards, and eat the fr
255,led you in the matter of Peor, and in the matter of Cozbi, the daughter of a prince of Midian, their sister, which was slain in the day of the plague for Peor's sake. 
And it came to pass after the plague, that the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Eleazar t
318,mber the poor; the same which I also was forward to do. 
But when Peter was come to Antioch, I withstood him to the face, because he was to be blamed. 
For before that certain came from James, he did eat with the Gentiles: but when they were come, he withdrew and separated himself, fearing them which were of the circ
267,ass after these things, that his master's wife cast her eyes upon Joseph; and she said, Lie with me. 
But he refused, and said unto his master's wife, Behold, my master wotteth not what is with me in the house, and he hath committed all that he hath to my hand; 
Ther
320,saith the LORD, Because thou hast let go out of thy hand a man whom I appointed to utter destruction, therefore thy life shall go for his life, and thy people for his people. 
And the king of Israel went to his house heavy and displeased, and came to Samaria. 
And it came to pass after these things, that Naboth the Jez
252,em, or that the wild beast may break them. 
She is hardened against her young ones, as though they were not her's: her labour is in vain without fear; 
Because God hath deprived her of wisdom, neither hath he imparted to her understanding. 
What time s
314,e earth shall be excellent and comely for them that are escaped of Israel. 
And it shall come to pass, that he that is left in Zion, and he that remaineth in Jerusalem, shall be called holy, even every one that is written among the living in Jerusalem: 
When the Lord shall have washed away the filth of the daught
324,
Dare any of you, having a matter against another, go to law before the unjust, and not before the saints? 
Do ye not know that the saints shall judge the world? and if the world shall be judged by you, are ye unworthy to judge the smallest matters? 
Know ye not that we shall judge angels? how much more things that pertain
299, book to Shaphan. 
And Shaphan carried the book to the king, and brought the king word back again, saying, All that was committed to thy servants, they do it. 
And they have gathered together the money that was found in the house of the LORD, and have delivered it into the hand of the overseers, an
319, very sore? 
I am sought of them that asked not for me; I am found of them that sought me not: I said, Behold me, behold me, unto a nation that was not called by my name. 
I have spread out my hands all the day unto a rebellious people, which walketh in a way that was not good, after their own thoughts; 
A people that
358,e of the elders answered, saying unto me, What are these which are arrayed in white robes? and whence came they? 
And I said unto him, Sir, thou knowest. And he said to me, These are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb. 
Therefore are they before the throne of God, and serve hi
298,thel; and there was but a little way to come to Ephrath: and Rachel travailed, and she had hard labour. 
And it came to pass, when she was in hard labour, that the midwife said unto her, Fear not; thou shalt have this son also. 
And it came to pass, as her soul was in departing, (for she died) tha
295, he sought no more again for him. 
And David said unto Achish, If I have now found grace in thine eyes, let them give me a place in some town in the country, that I may dwell there: for why should thy servant dwell in the royal city with thee? 
Then Achish gave him Ziklag that day: wherefore Zi
347,rless, and the widow, that they may eat within thy gates, and be filled; 
Then thou shalt say before the LORD thy God, I have brought away the hallowed things out of mine house, and also have given them unto the Levite, and unto the stranger, to the fatherless, and to the widow, according to all thy commandments which thou hast commanded me: I h
283, maketh small the drops of water: they pour down rain according to the vapour thereof: 
Which the clouds do drop and distil upon man abundantly. 
Also can any understand the spreadings of the clouds, or the noise of his tabernacle? 
Behold, he spreadeth his light upon it, and covere
321,ree: he shall grow like a cedar in Lebanon. 
Those that be planted in the house of the LORD shall flourish in the courts of our God. 
They shall still bring forth fruit in old age; they shall be fat and flourishing; 
To shew that the LORD is upright: he is my rock, and there is no unrighteousness in him. 
The LORD reign
340,and unto the border of Egypt: they brought presents, and served Solomon all the days of his life. 
And Solomon's provision for one day was thirty measures of fine flour, and threescore measures of meal, 
Ten fat oxen, and twenty oxen out of the pastures, and an hundred sheep, beside harts, and roebucks, and fallowdeer, and fatted fowl. 
F
311,, where the scribes and the elders were assembled. 
But Peter followed him afar off unto the high priest's palace, and went in, and sat with the servants, to see the end. 
Now the chief priests, and elders, and all the council, sought false witness against Jesus, to put him to death; 
But found none: yea, thou
284,all go into captivity. 
All thy trees and fruit of thy land shall the locust consume. 
The stranger that is within thee shall get up above thee very high; and thou shalt come down very low. 
He shall lend to thee, and thou shalt not lend to him: he shall be the head, and thou shalt b
319,se ye did eat of the loaves, and were filled. 
Labour not for the meat which perisheth, but for that meat which endureth unto everlasting life, which the Son of man shall give unto you: for him hath God the Father sealed. 
Then said they unto him, What shall we do, that we might work the works of God? 
Jesus answered 
323, him; he shall be no more remembered; and wickedness shall be broken as a tree. 
He evil entreateth the barren that beareth not: and doeth not good to the widow. 
He draweth also the mighty with his power: he riseth up, and no man is sure of life. 
Though it be given him to be in safety, whereon he resteth; yet his eyes a
286,il ye my joy, that ye be likeminded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind. 
Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than themselves. 
Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things 
253,And he shall give Israel up because of the sins of Jeroboam, who did sin, and who made Israel to sin. 
And Jeroboam's wife arose, and departed, and came to Tirzah: and when she came to the threshold of the door, the child died; 
And they buried him; and
305,hand, and I will bring him to thee again. 
And he said, My son shall not go down with you; for his brother is dead, and he is left alone: if mischief befall him by the way in the which ye go, then shall ye bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave. 
And the famine was sore in the land. 
And it ca
253,seek thy servant; for I do not forget thy commandments. 
In my distress I cried unto the LORD, and he heard me. 
Deliver my soul, O LORD, from lying lips, and from a deceitful tongue. 
What shall be given unto thee? or what shall be done unto thee, thou
269,w that I am the LORD. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; An evil, an only evil, behold, is come. 
An end is come, the end is come: it watcheth for thee; behold, it is come. 
The morning is come unto thee, O thou that dwellest in the land: the time is come, the day of trouble is
324, therefore shall they that pursue you be swift. 
One thousand shall flee at the rebuke of one; at the rebuke of five shall ye flee: till ye be left as a beacon upon the top of a mountain, and as an ensign on an hill. 
And therefore will the LORD wait, that he may be gracious unto you, and therefore will he be exalted, that
243, take my journey into Spain, I will come to you: for I trust to see you in my journey, and to be brought on my way thitherward by you, if first I be somewhat filled with your company. 
But now I go unto Jerusalem to minister unto the saints. 

323,n, thither shall they not return. 
Is this man Coniah a despised broken idol? is he a vessel wherein is no pleasure? wherefore are they cast out, he and his seed, and are cast into a land which they know not? 
O earth, earth, earth, hear the word of the LORD. 
Thus saith the LORD, Write ye this man childless, a man that s
313,he saith unto him, Yea, Lord: I believe that thou art the Christ, the Son of God, which should come into the world. 
And when she had so said, she went her way, and called Mary her sister secretly, saying, The Master is come, and calleth for thee. 
As soon as she heard that, she arose quickly, and came unto him.
298,Selah. 
Lift up your heads, O ye gates; and be ye lift up, ye everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in. 
Who is this King of glory? The LORD strong and mighty, the LORD mighty in battle. 
Lift up your heads, O ye gates; even lift them up, ye everlasting doors; and the King of glory s
250,gone out, Jesus said, Now is the Son of man glorified, and God is glorified in him. 
If God be glorified in him, God shall also glorify him in himself, and shall straightway glorify him. 
Little children, yet a little while I am with you. Ye shall se
280,do. 
So Abijah slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city of David: and Asa his son reigned in his stead. In his days the land was quiet ten years. 
And Asa did that which was good and right in the eyes of the LORD his God: 
For he took away the altars of the strange
275,Eleazar, the son of Aaron the chief priest: 
This Ezra went up from Babylon; and he was a ready scribe in the law of Moses, which the LORD God of Israel had given: and the king granted him all his request, according to the hand of the LORD his God upon him. 
And there went u
240,bul the ruler of the city heard the words of Gaal the son of Ebed, his anger was kindled. 
And he sent messengers unto Abimelech privily, saying, Behold, Gaal the son of Ebed and his brethren be come to Shechem; and, behold, they fortify th
358,The LORD on high is mightier than the noise of many waters, yea, than the mighty waves of the sea. 
Thy testimonies are very sure: holiness becometh thine house, O LORD, for ever. 
O Lord God, to whom vengeance belongeth; O God, to whom vengeance belongeth, shew thyself. 
Lift up thyself, thou judge of the earth: render a reward to the proud. 
LORD, how lo
325,and sat down under a juniper tree: and he requested for himself that he might die; and said, It is enough; now, O LORD, take away my life; for I am not better than my fathers. 
And as he lay and slept under a juniper tree, behold, then an angel touched him, and said unto him, Arise and eat. 
And he looked, and, behold, ther
301,and I will make all thine enemies turn their backs unto thee. 
And I will send hornets before thee, which shall drive out the Hivite, the Canaanite, and the Hittite, from before thee. 
I will not drive them out from before thee in one year; lest the land become desolate, and the beast of the field mu
323,ghter of Aiah, the concubine of Saul, had done. 
And David went and took the bones of Saul and the bones of Jonathan his son from the men of Jabeshgilead, which had stolen them from the street of Bethshan, where the Philistines had hanged them, when the Philistines had slain Saul in Gilboa: 
And he brought up from thence 
262, deliver the slayer out of the hand of the revenger of blood, and the congregation shall restore him to the city of his refuge, whither he was fled: and he shall abide in it unto the death of the high priest, which was anointed with the holy oil. 
But if the sla
299,hey are like grass which groweth up. 
In the morning it flourisheth, and groweth up; in the evening it is cut down, and withereth. 
For we are consumed by thine anger, and by thy wrath are we troubled. 
Thou hast set our iniquities before thee, our secret sins in the light of thy countenance. 
For 
256,nst me: I have heard them. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; When the whole earth rejoiceth, I will make thee desolate. 
As thou didst rejoice at the inheritance of the house of Israel, because it was desolate, so will I do unto thee: thou shalt be desolate, O mou
289, his deeds: 
To them who by patient continuance in well doing seek for glory and honour and immortality, eternal life: 
But unto them that are contentious, and do not obey the truth, but obey unrighteousness, indignation and wrath, 
Tribulation and anguish, upon every soul of man that doe
344,iniquity of thy sister Sodom, pride, fulness of bread, and abundance of idleness was in her and in her daughters, neither did she strengthen the hand of the poor and needy. 
And they were haughty, and committed abomination before me: therefore I took them away as I saw good. 
Neither hath Samaria committed half of thy sins; but thou hast mult
310,eceived his neighbour; 
Or have found that which was lost, and lieth concerning it, and sweareth falsely; in any of all these that a man doeth, sinning therein: 
Then it shall be, because he hath sinned, and is guilty, that he shall restore that which he took violently away, or the thing which he hath deceitf
288,nd out by tale. 
Some of them also were appointed to oversee the vessels, and all the instruments of the sanctuary, and the fine flour, and the wine, and the oil, and the frankincense, and the spices. 
And some of the sons of the priests made the ointment of the spices. 
And Mattithiah, 
271,the God of hosts, the God of Israel; If thou wilt assuredly go forth unto the king of Babylon's princes, then thy soul shall live, and this city shall not be burned with fire; and thou shalt live, and thine house: 
But if thou wilt not go forth to the king of Babylon's p
285,cities, and it shall devour the palaces thereof. 
Rejoice not, O Israel, for joy, as other people: for thou hast gone a whoring from thy God, thou hast loved a reward upon every cornfloor. 
The floor and the winepress shall not feed them, and the new wine shall fail in her. 
They shal
322, shalt be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon. 
Moreover Jeremiah said unto king Zedekiah, What have I offended against thee, or against thy servants, or against this people, that ye have put me in prison? 
Where are now your prophets which prophesied unto you, saying, The king of Babylon shall not come agains
336,th for an example, suffering the vengeance of eternal fire. 
Likewise also these filthy dreamers defile the flesh, despise dominion, and speak evil of dignities. 
Yet Michael the archangel, when contending with the devil he disputed about the body of Moses, durst not bring against him a railing accusation, but said, The Lord rebuke th
346,thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage. 
Thou shalt have none other gods before me. 
Thou shalt not make thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the waters beneath the earth: 
Thou shalt not bow down thyself unto them, no
347,t I may apprehend that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus. 
Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended: but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before, 
I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. 
Let us therefore, 
286, David, he fell on his face, and did reverence. And David said, Mephibosheth. And he answered, Behold thy servant! 
And David said unto him, Fear not: for I will surely shew thee kindness for Jonathan thy father's sake, and will restore thee all the land of Saul thy father; and thou sh
350,being burdensome unto you, and so will I keep myself. 
As the truth of Christ is in me, no man shall stop me of this boasting in the regions of Achaia. 
Wherefore? because I love you not? God knoweth. 
But what I do, that I will do, that I may cut off occasion from them which desire occasion; that wherein they glory, they may be found even as we. 

355,, and deliver me: for I do not forget thy law. 
Plead my cause, and deliver me: quicken me according to thy word. 
Salvation is far from the wicked: for they seek not thy statutes. 
Great are thy tender mercies, O LORD: quicken me according to thy judgments. 
Many are my persecutors and mine enemies; yet do I not decline from thy testimonies. 
I beheld 
254,bath day. 
Honour thy father and thy mother, as the LORD thy God hath commanded thee; that thy days may be prolonged, and that it may go well with thee, in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee. 
Thou shalt not kill. 
Neither shalt thou commit adul
334,f Tyrus, and say unto him, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Thou sealest up the sum, full of wisdom, and perfect in beauty. 
Thou hast been in Eden the garden of God; every precious stone was thy covering, the sardius, topaz, and the diamond, the beryl, the onyx, and the jasper, the sapphire, the emerald, and the carbuncle, and gold: the wo
258,ntil thou perish. 
And thy heaven that is over thy head shall be brass, and the earth that is under thee shall be iron. 
The LORD shall make the rain of thy land powder and dust: from heaven shall it come down upon thee, until thou be destroyed. 
The LORD sh
320,aham's seed, and were never in bondage to any man: how sayest thou, Ye shall be made free? 
Jesus answered them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin. 
And the servant abideth not in the house for ever: but the Son abideth ever. 
If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye sha
305,the world. 
And for their sakes I sanctify myself, that they also might be sanctified through the truth. 
Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word; 
That they all may be one; as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us: 
359,ndemned. 
Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee. 
But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas: 
For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shal
277,red unto him, Timotheus and Erastus; but he himself stayed in Asia for a season. 
And the same time there arose no small stir about that way. 
For a certain man named Demetrius, a silversmith, which made silver shrines for Diana, brought no small gain unto the craftsmen; 
Whom
353,fection. 
But that on the good ground are they, which in an honest and good heart, having heard the word, keep it, and bring forth fruit with patience. 
No man, when he hath lighted a candle, covereth it with a vessel, or putteth it under a bed; but setteth it on a candlestick, that they which enter in may see the light. 
For nothing is secret, that s
281, here in the wilderness? 
And he asked them, How many loaves have ye? And they said, Seven. 
And he commanded the people to sit down on the ground: and he took the seven loaves, and gave thanks, and brake, and gave to his disciples to set before them; and they did set them before 
345,d, and he whom thou cursest is cursed. 
And the elders of Moab and the elders of Midian departed with the rewards of divination in their hand; and they came unto Balaam, and spake unto him the words of Balak. 
And he said unto them, Lodge here this night, and I will bring you word again, as the LORD shall speak unto me: and the princes of Moab
338,ttle cloud out of the sea, like a man's hand. And he said, Go up, say unto Ahab, Prepare thy chariot, and get thee down that the rain stop thee not. 
And it came to pass in the mean while, that the heaven was black with clouds and wind, and there was a great rain. And Ahab rode, and went to Jezreel. 
And the hand of the LORD was on Elij
259,t he seemed as one that mocked unto his sons in law. 
And when the morning arose, then the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take thy wife, and thy two daughters, which are here; lest thou be consumed in the iniquity of the city. 
And while he lingered, the
341,, and things under the earth; 
And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father. 
Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling. 
For it is God which worketh in you both to will a
