1000
244,salem, the king of Hebron, the king of Jarmuth, the king of Lachish, and the king of Eglon. 
And it came to pass, when they brought out those kings unto Joshua, that Joshua called for all the men of Israel, and said unto the captains of the men
248,ant harp with the psaltery. 
Blow up the trumpet in the new moon, in the time appointed, on our solemn feast day. 
For this was a statute for Israel, and a law of the God of Jacob. 
This he ordained in Joseph for a testimony, when he went out throu
276, and I will establish the throne of his kingdom over Israel for ever. 
Now, my son, the LORD be with thee; and prosper thou, and build the house of the LORD thy God, as he hath said of thee. 
Only the LORD give thee wisdom and understanding, and give thee charge concerning Is
347,sh, and Mizraim, and Phut, and Canaan. 
And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabtah, and Raamah, and Sabtechah: and the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan. 
And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be a mighty one in the earth. 
He was a mighty hunter before the LORD: wherefore it is said, Even as Nimrod the mighty hunter before the LORD. 
And t
245,e east, went before them, till it came and stood over where the young child was. 
When they saw the star, they rejoiced with exceeding great joy. 
And when they were come into the house, they saw the young child with Mary his mother, and fell do
325,d Ezra the scribe stood upon a pulpit of wood, which they had made for the purpose; and beside him stood Mattithiah, and Shema, and Anaiah, and Urijah, and Hilkiah, and Maaseiah, on his right hand; and on his left hand, Pedaiah, and Mishael, and Malchiah, and Hashum, and Hashbadana, Zechariah, and Meshullam. 
And Ezra opene
322,pel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, 
Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is come: and worship him that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters. 
And there followed another an
336,ye shall offer; the sixth part of an ephah of an homer of wheat, and ye shall give the sixth part of an ephah of an homer of barley: 
Concerning the ordinance of oil, the bath of oil, ye shall offer the tenth part of a bath out of the cor, which is an homer of ten baths; for ten baths are an homer: 
And one lamb out of the flock, out 
325, me, It is done. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end. I will give unto him that is athirst of the fountain of the water of life freely. 
He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will be his God, and he shall be my son. 
But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremonge
320,ll go to the gates of the grave: I am deprived of the residue of my years. 
I said, I shall not see the LORD, even the LORD, in the land of the living: I shall behold man no more with the inhabitants of the world. 
Mine age is departed, and is removed from me as a shepherd's tent: I have cut off like a weaver my life: 
254, wise hearted man among them that wrought the work of the tabernacle made ten curtains of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet: with cherubims of cunning work made he them. 
The length of one curtain was twenty and eight cubits, and the b
337,to thee for: that all people of the earth may know thy name, to fear thee, as do thy people Israel; and that they may know that this house, which I have builded, is called by thy name. 
If thy people go out to battle against their enemy, whithersoever thou shalt send them, and shall pray unto the LORD toward the city which thou hast ch
283,ven Jesus Christ; not by water only, but by water and blood. And it is the Spirit that beareth witness, because the Spirit is truth. 
For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one. 
And there are three that bear wit
345,chman see the sword come, and blow not the trumpet, and the people be not warned; if the sword come, and take any person from among them, he is taken away in his iniquity; but his blood will I require at the watchman's hand. 
So thou, O son of man, I have set thee a watchman unto the house of Israel; therefore thou shalt hear the word at my mo
280, liers in wait for him in the top of the mountains, and they robbed all that came along that way by them: and it was told Abimelech. 
And Gaal the son of Ebed came with his brethren, and went over to Shechem: and the men of Shechem put their confidence in him. 
And they went out 
342,r iniquity, and I will remember their sin no more. 
Thus saith the LORD, which giveth the sun for a light by day, and the ordinances of the moon and of the stars for a light by night, which divideth the sea when the waves thereof roar; The LORD of hosts is his name: 
If those ordinances depart from before me, saith the LORD, then the seed o
261, thousand; of which the LORD'S tribute was thirty and two persons. 
And Moses gave the tribute, which was the LORD'S heave offering, unto Eleazar the priest, as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And of the children of Israel's half, which Moses divided from the men th
318,oud that overshadowed them: and a voice came out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son: hear him. 
And suddenly, when they had looked round about, they saw no man any more, save Jesus only with themselves. 
And as they came down from the mountain, he charged them that they should tell no man what things they h
243,God of Jacob. And Moses hid his face; for he was afraid to look upon God. 
And the LORD said, I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt, and have heard their cry by reason of their taskmasters; for I know their sorrows;
270, dead; from whence also he received him in a figure. 
By faith Isaac blessed Jacob and Esau concerning things to come. 
By faith Jacob, when he was a dying, blessed both the sons of Joseph; and worshipped, leaning upon the top of his staff. 
By faith Joseph, when he die
288,he shall know them? for the ways of the LORD are right, and the just shall walk in them: but the transgressors shall fall therein. 
The word of the LORD that came to Joel the son of Pethuel. 
Hear this, ye old men, and give ear, all ye inhabitants of the land. Hath this been in your days
346,of the earth: 
Let his heart be changed from man's, and let a beast's heart be given unto him; and let seven times pass over him. 
This matter is by the decree of the watchers, and the demand by the word of the holy ones: to the intent that the living may know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will,
241,him had given them a token, saying, Whomsoever I shall kiss, that same is he; take him, and lead him away safely. 
And as soon as he was come, he goeth straightway to him, and saith, Master, master; and kissed him. 
And they laid their hands
355,e king, and that the kingdom of Israel shall be established in thine hand. 
Swear now therefore unto me by the LORD, that thou wilt not cut off my seed after me, and that thou wilt not destroy my name out of my father's house. 
And David sware unto Saul. And Saul went home; but David and his men gat them up unto the hold. 
And Samuel died; and all the I
332,s upon earth are a shadow:) 
Shall not they teach thee, and tell thee, and utter words out of their heart? 
Can the rush grow up without mire? can the flag grow without water? 
Whilst it is yet in his greenness, and not cut down, it withereth before any other herb. 
So are the paths of all that forget God; and the hypocrite's hope
316,ke known to the sons of men his mighty acts, and the glorious majesty of his kingdom. 
Thy kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and thy dominion endureth throughout all generations. 
The LORD upholdeth all that fall, and raiseth up all those that be bowed down. 
The eyes of all wait upon thee; and thou givest them th
256,ody, he wrapped it in a clean linen cloth, 
And laid it in his own new tomb, which he had hewn out in the rock: and he rolled a great stone to the door of the sepulchre, and departed. 
And there was Mary Magdalene, and the other Mary, sitting over against 
289,o sides. 
And they shall be coupled together beneath, and they shall be coupled together above the head of it unto one ring: thus shall it be for them both; they shall be for the two corners. 
And they shall be eight boards, and their sockets of silver, sixteen sockets; two sockets under 
311,, Jehiel, whose wife's name was Maachah: 
And his firstborn son Abdon, then Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Ner, and Nadab. 
And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zechariah, and Mikloth. 
And Mikloth begat Shimeam. And they also dwelt with their brethren at Jerusalem, over against their brethren. 
And Ner begat Kish; and Kish
285, Jesus answered and said unto them, Take heed that no man deceive you. 
For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many. 
And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not 
355,ered into the springs of the sea? or hast thou walked in the search of the depth? 
Have the gates of death been opened unto thee? or hast thou seen the doors of the shadow of death? 
Hast thou perceived the breadth of the earth? declare if thou knowest it all. 
Where is the way where light dwelleth? and as for darkness, where is the place thereof, 
That
247,lt eat in thy gates whatsoever thy soul lusteth after. 
Even as the roebuck and the hart is eaten, so thou shalt eat them: the unclean and the clean shall eat of them alike. 
Only be sure that thou eat not the blood: for the blood is the life; and
317,from the pestilence; that they may declare all their abominations among the heathen whither they come; and they shall know that I am the LORD. 
Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying, 
Son of man, eat thy bread with quaking, and drink thy water with trembling and with carefulness; 
And say unto the people 
254,nd prayed. 
And when we had taken our leave one of another, we took ship; and they returned home again. 
And when we had finished our course from Tyre, we came to Ptolemais, and saluted the brethren, and abode with them one day. 
And the next day we that
330,we took for a prey unto ourselves, and the spoil of the cities which we took. 
From Aroer, which is by the brink of the river of Arnon, and from the city that is by the river, even unto Gilead, there was not one city too strong for us: the LORD our God delivered all unto us: 
Only unto the land of the children of Ammon thou came
360,hen shall every man have praise of God. 
And these things, brethren, I have in a figure transferred to myself and to Apollos for your sakes; that ye might learn in us not to think of men above that which is written, that no one of you be puffed up for one against another. 
For who maketh thee to differ from another? and what hast thou that thou didst not rec
310, out of heaven the second time, 
And said, By myself have I sworn, saith the LORD, for because thou hast done this thing, and hast not withheld thy son, thine only son: 
That in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is upon th
329,t, so my spirit remaineth among you: fear ye not. 
For thus saith the LORD of hosts; Yet once, it is a little while, and I will shake the heavens, and the earth, and the sea, and the dry land; 
And I will shake all nations, and the desire of all nations shall come: and I will fill this house with glory, saith the LORD of hosts.
247,that sold to all the people of the land: and Joseph's brethren came, and bowed down themselves before him with their faces to the earth. 
And Joseph saw his brethren, and he knew them, but made himself strange unto them, and spake roughly unto the
308,e kings of Israel, like as did the house of Ahab: for he had the daughter of Ahab to wife: and he wrought that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD. 
Howbeit the LORD would not destroy the house of David, because of the covenant that he had made with David, and as he promised to give a light to him and to
308,
And this shall be a sign unto thee, that shall come upon thy two sons, on Hophni and Phinehas; in one day they shall die both of them. 
And I will raise me up a faithful priest, that shall do according to that which is in mine heart and in my mind: and I will build him a sure house; and he shall walk befor
356, shall not be unto thee. 
But he turned, and said unto Peter, Get thee behind me, Satan: thou art an offence unto me: for thou savourest not the things that be of God, but those that be of men. 
Then said Jesus unto his disciples, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me. 
For whosoever will save his life 
346,d according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses. 
All those that were numbered of the Levites, whom Moses and Aaron and the chief of Israel numbered, after their families, and after the house of their fathers, 
From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that came to do the service of the ministry, and the ser
294,he led them through the deserts: he caused the waters to flow out of the rock for them: he clave the rock also, and the waters gushed out. 
There is no peace, saith the LORD, unto the wicked. 
Listen, O isles, unto me; and hearken, ye people, from far; The LORD hath called me from the womb; fr
260,amin. 
The chief was Ahiezer, then Joash, the sons of Shemaah the Gibeathite; and Jeziel, and Pelet, the sons of Azmaveth; and Berachah, and Jehu the Antothite. 
And Ismaiah the Gibeonite, a mighty man among the thirty, and over the thirty; and Jeremiah, and J
258, them into another land, as it is this day. 
The secret things belong unto the LORD our God: but those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children for ever, that we may do all the words of this law. 
And it shall come to pass, when all these
275,uth for the dumb in the cause of all such as are appointed to destruction. 
Open thy mouth, judge righteously, and plead the cause of the poor and needy. 
Who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far above rubies. 
The heart of her husband doth safely trust in her, so
332,ht down to hell, to the sides of the pit. 
They that see thee shall narrowly look upon thee, and consider thee, saying, Is this the man that made the earth to tremble, that did shake kingdoms; 
That made the world as a wilderness, and destroyed the cities thereof; that opened not the house of his prisoners? 
All the kings of the n
261, turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, that we perish not? 
And God saw their works, that they turned from their evil way; and God repented of the evil, that he had said that he would do unto them; and he did it not. 
But it displeased Jonah exc
343,And what concord hath Christ with Belial? or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel? 
And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? for ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people. 
Wherefore come out from among them, and
332,srael. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; In the first month, in the first day of the month, thou shalt take a young bullock without blemish, and cleanse the sanctuary: 
And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering, and put it upon the posts of the house, and upon the four corners of the settle of the altar, and upon the post
311,hat there may be equality: 
As it is written, He that had gathered much had nothing over; and he that had gathered little had no lack. 
But thanks be to God, which put the same earnest care into the heart of Titus for you. 
For indeed he accepted the exhortation; but being more forward, of his own accord he we
358, did eat manna, and are dead: he that eateth of this bread shall live for ever. 
These things said he in the synagogue, as he taught in Capernaum. 
Many therefore of his disciples, when they had heard this, said, This is an hard saying; who can hear it? 
When Jesus knew in himself that his disciples murmured at it, he said unto them, Doth this offend you? 
294,, thy servant hath sheepshearers; let the king, I beseech thee, and his servants go with thy servant. 
And the king said to Absalom, Nay, my son, let us not all now go, lest we be chargeable unto thee. And he pressed him: howbeit he would not go, but blessed him. 
Then said Absalom, If not, I 
273,ent for a socket. 
And of the thousand seven hundred seventy and five shekels he made hooks for the pillars, and overlaid their chapiters, and filleted them. 
And the brass of the offering was seventy talents, and two thousand and four hundred shekels. 
And therewith he ma
343,. 
And Moses said, Wherefore now do ye transgress the commandment of the LORD? but it shall not prosper. 
Go not up, for the LORD is not among you; that ye be not smitten before your enemies. 
For the Amalekites and the Canaanites are there before you, and ye shall fall by the sword: because ye are turned away from the LORD, therefore the LO
326, be not hindered. 
Finally, be ye all of one mind, having compassion one of another, love as brethren, be pitiful, be courteous: 
Not rendering evil for evil, or railing for railing: but contrariwise blessing; knowing that ye are thereunto called, that ye should inherit a blessing. 
For he that will love life, and see good d
337,mites. These are the families of Dan after their families. 
All the families of the Shuhamites, according to those that were numbered of them, were threescore and four thousand and four hundred. 
Of the children of Asher after their families: of Jimna, the family of the Jimnites: of Jesui, the family of the Jesuites: of Beriah, the fam
294,. 
And the apostles and brethren that were in Judaea heard that the Gentiles had also received the word of God. 
And when Peter was come up to Jerusalem, they that were of the circumcision contended with him, 
Saying, Thou wentest in to men uncircumcised, and didst eat with them. 
But Peter re
308,span: and this shall be the higher place of the altar. 
And from the bottom upon the ground even to the lower settle shall be two cubits, and the breadth one cubit; and from the lesser settle even to the greater settle shall be four cubits, and the breadth one cubit. 
So the altar shall be four cubits; and 
311,ndment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another. 
By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another. 
Simon Peter said unto him, Lord, whither goest thou? Jesus answered him, Whither I go, thou canst not follow me now; but t
269,an inheritance. 
Thou shalt not see thy brother's ox or his sheep go astray, and hide thyself from them: thou shalt in any case bring them again unto thy brother. 
And if thy brother be not nigh unto thee, or if thou know him not, then thou shalt bring it unto thine ow
352,all in the midst of you, and ye shall know that I am the LORD. 
Yet will I leave a remnant, that ye may have some that shall escape the sword among the nations, when ye shall be scattered through the countries. 
And they that escape of you shall remember me among the nations whither they shall be carried captives, because I am broken with their whori
279,t; and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels. 
He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches. 
And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia write; These things saith
289, may be ashamed. 
Who hath formed a god, or molten a graven image that is profitable for nothing? 
Behold, all his fellows shall be ashamed: and the workmen, they are of men: let them all be gathered together, let them stand up; yet they shall fear, and they shall be ashamed together. 
Th
306,all thy company in the midst of thee shall fall. 
All the inhabitants of the isles shall be astonished at thee, and their kings shall be sore afraid, they shall be troubled in their countenance. 
The merchants among the people shall hiss at thee; thou shalt be a terror, and never shalt be any more. 
The w
274,nd of all perfection: but thy commandment is exceeding broad. 
O how I love thy law! it is my meditation all the day. 
Thou through thy commandments hast made me wiser than mine enemies: for they are ever with me. 
I have more understanding than all my teachers: for thy tes
243,own house. 
Therefore the heaven over you is stayed from dew, and the earth is stayed from her fruit. 
And I called for a drought upon the land, and upon the mountains, and upon the corn, and upon the new wine, and upon the oil, and upon that 
326, whoredoms, in calling to remembrance the days of her youth, wherein she had played the harlot in the land of Egypt. 
For she doted upon their paramours, whose flesh is as the flesh of asses, and whose issue is like the issue of horses. 
Thus thou calledst to remembrance the lewdness of thy youth, in bruising thy teats by th
337,ttle one?) and my soul shall live. 
And he said unto him, See, I have accepted thee concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow this city, for the which thou hast spoken. 
Haste thee, escape thither; for I cannot do anything till thou be come thither. Therefore the name of the city was called Zoar. 
The sun was risen upon the
329,m, were thirty and five thousand and four hundred. 
All that were numbered of the camp of Ephraim were an hundred thousand and eight thousand and an hundred, throughout their armies. And they shall go forward in the third rank. 
The standard of the camp of Dan shall be on the north side by their armies: and the captain of the c
251,iver; 
Moab is my washpot; over Edom will I cast out my shoe: Philistia, triumph thou because of me. 
Who will bring me into the strong city? who will lead me into Edom? 
Wilt not thou, O God, which hadst cast us off? and thou, O God, which didst not 
329,y flee thither. 
And this is the case of the slayer, which shall flee thither, that he may live: Whoso killeth his neighbour ignorantly, whom he hated not in time past; 
As when a man goeth into the wood with his neighbour to hew wood, and his hand fetcheth a stroke with the axe to cut down the tree, and the head slippeth from 
275,the son of Jether, captain of the host of Judah. 
Their blood shall therefore return upon the head of Joab, and upon the head of his seed for ever: but upon David, and upon his seed, and upon his house, and upon his throne, shall there be peace for ever from the LORD. 
So Be
350,f the children of Israel. 
And I have given the Levites as a gift to Aaron and to his sons from among the children of Israel, to do the service of the children of Israel in the tabernacle of the congregation, and to make an atonement for the children of Israel: that there be no plague among the children of Israel, when the children of Israel come n
308,wife shall go out with him. 
If his master have given him a wife, and she have born him sons or daughters; the wife and her children shall be her master's, and he shall go out by himself. 
And if the servant shall plainly say, I love my master, my wife, and my children; I will not go out free: 
Then his mas
308,a new heart and a new spirit: for why will ye die, O house of Israel? 
For I have no pleasure in the death of him that dieth, saith the Lord GOD: wherefore turn yourselves, and live ye. 
Moreover take thou up a lamentation for the princes of Israel, 
And say, What is thy mother? A lioness: she lay down amon
348,hen he shall reward every man according to his works. 
Verily I say unto you, There be some standing here, which shall not taste of death, till they see the Son of man coming in his kingdom. 
And after six days Jesus taketh Peter, James, and John his brother, and bringeth them up into an high mountain apart, 
And was transfigured before them: and
279,ing, If thou be kind to this people, and please them, and speak good words to them, they will be thy servants for ever. 
But he forsook the counsel which the old men gave him, and took counsel with the young men that were brought up with him, that stood before him. 
And he said 
285,n until the even. 
And if it be on her bed, or on any thing whereon she sitteth, when he toucheth it, he shall be unclean until the even. 
And if any man lie with her at all, and her flowers be upon him, he shall be unclean seven days; and all the bed whereon he lieth shall be unclean
350,ey that Haman had promised to pay to the king's treasuries for the Jews, to destroy them. 
Also he gave him the copy of the writing of the decree that was given at Shushan to destroy them, to shew it unto Esther, and to declare it unto her, and to charge her that she should go in unto the king, to make supplication unto him, and to make request bef
290,and eat the fruit of them; 
Take ye wives, and beget sons and daughters; and take wives for your sons, and give your daughters to husbands, that they may bear sons and daughters; that ye may be increased there, and not diminished. 
And seek the peace of the city whither I have caused you t
277,ite, and Joshua the son of Nun: for they have wholly followed the LORD. 
And the LORD'S anger was kindled against Israel, and he made them wander in the wilderness forty years, until all the generation, that had done evil in the sight of the LORD, was consumed. 
And, behold, y
357,ght you out from this place: there shall no leavened bread be eaten. 
This day came ye out in the month Abib. 
And it shall be when the LORD shall bring thee into the land of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee, a land flowing with milk and honey, that thou sh
350,tify the righteous, and condemn the wicked. 
And it shall be, if the wicked man be worthy to be beaten, that the judge shall cause him to lie down, and to be beaten before his face, according to his fault, by a certain number. 
Forty stripes he may give him, and not exceed: lest, if he should exceed, and beat him above these with many stripes, then
272,e truth; 
For the truth's sake, which dwelleth in us, and shall be with us for ever. 
Grace be with you, mercy, and peace, from God the Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of the Father, in truth and love. 
I rejoiced greatly that I found of thy children walki
324,uls, as they that must give account, that they may do it with joy, and not with grief: for that is unprofitable for you. 
Pray for us: for we trust we have a good conscience, in all things willing to live honestly. 
But I beseech you the rather to do this, that I may be restored to you the sooner. 
Now the God of peace, th
313,th down in the midst of the sea, or as he that lieth upon the top of a mast. 
They have stricken me, shalt thou say, and I was not sick; they have beaten me, and I felt it not: when shall I awake? I will seek it yet again. 
Be not thou envious against evil men, neither desire to be with them. 
For their heart st
332,nd when he had spoken this, he saith unto him, Follow me. 
Then Peter, turning about, seeth the disciple whom Jesus loved following; which also leaned on his breast at supper, and said, Lord, which is he that betrayeth thee? 
Peter seeing him saith to Jesus, Lord, and what shall this man do? 
Jesus saith unto him, If I will that h
255,he cries of them which have reaped are entered into the ears of the Lord of sabaoth. 
Ye have lived in pleasure on the earth, and been wanton; ye have nourished your hearts, as in a day of slaughter. 
Ye have condemned and killed the just; and he doth not
240,nto him? 
And the angel of the LORD said unto Manoah, Of all that I said unto the woman let her beware. 
She may not eat of any thing that cometh of the vine, neither let her drink wine or strong drink, nor eat any unclean thing: all that I
261,shall ye go haughtily: for this time is evil. 
In that day shall one take up a parable against you, and lament with a doleful lamentation, and say, We be utterly spoiled: he hath changed the portion of my people: how hath he removed it from me! turning away he 
240,her shall it be so. 
Thou hast also taken thy fair jewels of my gold and of my silver, which I had given thee, and madest to thyself images of men, and didst commit whoredom with them, 
And tookest thy broidered garments, and coveredst them
340,the LORD had spoken unto him; and Lot went with him: and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran. 
And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their substance that they had gathered, and the souls that they had gotten in Haran; and they went forth to go into the land of Canaan; and into the
306,him. 
And Reuben said unto them, Shed no blood, but cast him into this pit that is in the wilderness, and lay no hand upon him; that he might rid him out of their hands, to deliver him to his father again. 
And it came to pass, when Joseph was come unto his brethren, that they stript Joseph out of his coa
309,m, and set him in the midst of them, 
And said, Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven. 
Whosoever therefore shall humble himself as this little child, the same is greatest in the kingdom of heaven. 
And whoso shall receive 
285,nd the LORD hath done to him, as he spake by me: for the LORD hath rent the kingdom out of thine hand, and given it to thy neighbour, even to David: 
Because thou obeyedst not the voice of the LORD, nor executedst his fierce wrath upon Amalek, therefore hath the LORD done this thing u
350,of Egypt, and the goings out of it shall be at the sea. 
And as for the western border, ye shall even have the great sea for a border: this shall be your west border. 
And this shall be your north border: from the great sea ye shall point out for you mount Hor: 
From mount Hor ye shall point out your border unto the entrance of Hamath; and the goin
322,me in the fulness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ. 
Now I beseech you, brethren, for the Lord Jesus Christ's sake, and for the love of the Spirit, that ye strive together with me in your prayers to God for me; 
That I may be delivered from them that do not believe in Judaea; and that my service which I have for J
356,y is spent; my lord also hath our herds of cattle; there is not ought left in the sight of my lord, but our bodies, and our lands: 
Wherefore shall we die before thine eyes, both we and our land? buy us and our land for bread, and we and our land will be servants unto Pharaoh: and give us seed, that we may live, and not die, that the land be not desolate
351,ot go forth hence, except your youngest brother come hither. 
Send one of you, and let him fetch your brother, and ye shall be kept in prison, that your words may be proved, whether there be any truth in you: or else by the life of Pharaoh surely ye are spies. 
And he put them all together into ward three days. 
And Joseph said unto them the third d
330,ll prepare thy way before thee. 
The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight. 
John did baptize in the wilderness, and preach the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins. 
And there went out unto him all the land of Judaea, and they of Jerusalem, and were all baptize
342,ot arrogancy come out of your mouth: for the LORD is a God of knowledge, and by him actions are weighed. 
The bows of the mighty men are broken, and they that stumbled are girded with strength. 
They that were full have hired out themselves for bread; and they that were hungry ceased: so that the barren hath born seven; and she that hath ma
307,eir own righteousness, have not submitted themselves unto the righteousness of God. 
For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth. 
For Moses describeth the righteousness which is of the law, That the man which doeth those things shall live by them. 
But the righteousness 
331,f the forest, and they shall mount up like the lifting up of smoke. 
Through the wrath of the LORD of hosts is the land darkened, and the people shall be as the fuel of the fire: no man shall spare his brother. 
And he shall snatch on the right hand, and be hungry; and he shall eat on the left hand, and they shall not be satisfie
274,ays again his disciples were within, and Thomas with them: then came Jesus, the doors being shut, and stood in the midst, and said, Peace be unto you. 
Then saith he to Thomas, Reach hither thy finger, and behold my hands; and reach hither thy hand, and thrust it into my si
315,even that which was made glorious had no glory in this respect, by reason of the glory that excelleth. 
For if that which is done away was glorious, much more that which remaineth is glorious. 
Seeing then that we have such hope, we use great plainness of speech: 
And not as Moses, which put a vail over his face, 
341,lah. 
And at evening let them return; and let them make a noise like a dog, and go round about the city. 
Let them wander up and down for meat, and grudge if they be not satisfied. 
But I will sing of thy power; yea, I will sing aloud of thy mercy in the morning: for thou hast been my defence and refuge in the day of my trouble. 
Unto thee
335,nted not; 
But bade them farewell, saying, I must by all means keep this feast that cometh in Jerusalem: but I will return again unto you, if God will. And he sailed from Ephesus. 
And when he had landed at Caesarea, and gone up, and saluted the church, he went down to Antioch. 
And after he had spent some time there, he departed, an
265,hieves crucified with him, one on the right hand, and another on the left. 
And they that passed by reviled him, wagging their heads, 
And saying, Thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days, save thyself. If thou be the Son of God, come down fro
255,lk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin. 
If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us. 
If we confess our sins, he is 
277,) 
And the LORD spake suddenly unto Moses, and unto Aaron, and unto Miriam, Come out ye three unto the tabernacle of the congregation. And they three came out. 
And the LORD came down in the pillar of the cloud, and stood in the door of the tabernacle, and called Aaron and Mir
274,he kill the goat of the sin offering, that is for the people, and bring his blood within the vail, and do with that blood as he did with the blood of the bullock, and sprinkle it upon the mercy seat, and before the mercy seat: 
And he shall make an atonement for the holy pl
293,eard. 
My praise shall be of thee in the great congregation: I will pay my vows before them that fear him. 
The meek shall eat and be satisfied: they shall praise the LORD that seek him: your heart shall live for ever. 
All the ends of the world shall remember and turn unto the LORD: and all 
314,d of the rod that was in mine hand, and, lo, I must die. 
And Saul answered, God do so and more also: for thou shalt surely die, Jonathan. 
And the people said unto Saul, Shall Jonathan die, who hath wrought this great salvation in Israel? God forbid: as the LORD liveth, there shall not one hair of his head fall 
248,. 
Be thou exalted, O God, above the heavens: and thy glory above all the earth; 
That thy beloved may be delivered: save with thy right hand, and answer me. 
God hath spoken in his holiness; I will rejoice, I will divide Shechem, and mete out the 
346,th heard that David had smitten all the host of Hadadezer, 
Then Toi sent Joram his son unto king David, to salute him, and to bless him, because he had fought against Hadadezer, and smitten him: for Hadadezer had wars with Toi. And Joram brought with him vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and vessels of brass: 
Which also king David did d
288,ts and with his horsemen into the sea, and the LORD brought again the waters of the sea upon them; but the children of Israel went on dry land in the midst of the sea. 
And Miriam the prophetess, the sister of Aaron, took a timbrel in her hand; and all the women went out after her with t
322,t, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still. 
And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be. 
I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and 
280,er there in the way of Ephrath; the same is Bethlehem. 
And Israel beheld Joseph's sons, and said, Who are these? 
And Joseph said unto his father, They are my sons, whom God hath given me in this place. And he said, Bring them, I pray thee, unto me, and I will bless them. 
Now t
347,ther in me: or else believe me for the very works' sake. 
Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father. 
And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son. 
If ye shall ask any 
294,om mine iniquity, and cleanse me from my sin. 
For I acknowledge my transgressions: and my sin is ever before me. 
Against thee, thee only, have I sinned, and done this evil in thy sight: that thou mightest be justified when thou speakest, and be clear when thou judgest. 
Behold, I was shapen 
280,house of Joab one that hath an issue, or that is a leper, or that leaneth on a staff, or that falleth on the sword, or that lacketh bread. 
So Joab, and Abishai his brother slew Abner, because he had slain their brother Asahel at Gibeon in the battle. 
And David said to Joab, and
318,veth instruction loveth knowledge: but he that hateth reproof is brutish. 
A good man obtaineth favour of the LORD: but a man of wicked devices will he condemn. 
A man shall not be established by wickedness: but the root of the righteous shall not be moved. 
A virtuous woman is a crown to her husband: but she that ma
265,d make prayers, and likewise the disciples of the Pharisees; but thine eat and drink? 
And he said unto them, Can ye make the children of the bridechamber fast, while the bridegroom is with them? 
But the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken away from
357,h forth much fruit. 
He that loveth his life shall lose it; and he that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal. 
If any man serve me, let him follow me; and where I am, there shall also my servant be: if any man serve me, him will my Father honour. 
Now is my soul troubled; and what shall I say? Father, save me from this hour: but f
258,l be astonished, and hiss at all her plagues. 
Put yourselves in array against Babylon round about: all ye that bend the bow, shoot at her, spare no arrows: for she hath sinned against the LORD. 
Shout against her round about: she hath given her hand: her fo
250,d the other fifty. 
And when they had nothing to pay, he frankly forgave them both. Tell me therefore, which of them will love him most? 
Simon answered and said, I suppose that he, to whom he forgave most. And he said unto him, Thou hast rightly jud
241,id, Bring them, I pray thee, unto me, and I will bless them. 
Now the eyes of Israel were dim for age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near unto him; and he kissed them, and embraced them. 
And Israel said unto Joseph, I had no
320, and slew them. 
But when the king heard thereof, he was wroth: and he sent forth his armies, and destroyed those murderers, and burned up their city. 
Then saith he to his servants, The wedding is ready, but they which were bidden were not worthy. 
Go ye therefore into the highways, and as many as ye shall find, bid t
261,or fish. 
Surely the princes of Zoan are fools, the counsel of the wise counsellors of Pharaoh is become brutish: how say ye unto Pharaoh, I am the son of the wise, the son of ancient kings? 
Where are they? where are thy wise men? and let them tell thee now, a
290, the sea round about. Two rows of oxen were cast, when it was cast. 
It stood upon twelve oxen, three looking toward the north, and three looking toward the west, and three looking toward the south, and three looking toward the east: and the sea was set above upon them, and all their hinde
337,greater: and an oath for confirmation is to them an end of all strife. 
Wherein God, willing more abundantly to shew unto the heirs of promise the immutability of his counsel, confirmed it by an oath: 
That by two immutable things, in which it was impossible for God to lie, we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge t
334,rusalem, thou that killest the prophets, and stonest them which are sent unto thee, how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not! 
Behold, your house is left unto you desolate. 
For I say unto you, Ye shall not see me henceforth, till ye shall say, Bles
274,zra the priest, the scribe, even a scribe of the words of the commandments of the LORD, and of his statutes to Israel. 
Artaxerxes, king of kings, unto Ezra the priest, a scribe of the law of the God of heaven, perfect peace, and at such a time. 
I make a decree, that all t
262,forth to help you, shall return to Egypt into their own land. 
And the Chaldeans shall come again, and fight against this city, and take it, and burn it with fire. 
Thus saith the LORD; Deceive not yourselves, saying, The Chaldeans shall surely depart from us: f
328, thy testimonies, and not to covetousness. 
Turn away mine eyes from beholding vanity; and quicken thou me in thy way. 
Stablish thy word unto thy servant, who is devoted to thy fear. 
Turn away my reproach which I fear: for thy judgments are good. 
Behold, I have longed after thy precepts: quicken me in thy righteousness. 
Le
263,man the Syrian. 
And all they in the synagogue, when they heard these things, were filled with wrath, 
And rose up, and thrust him out of the city, and led him unto the brow of the hill whereon their city was built, that they might cast him down headlong. 
But he
292,t forward my calamity, they have no helper. 
They came upon me as a wide breaking in of waters: in the desolation they rolled themselves upon me. 
Terrors are turned upon me: they pursue my soul as the wind: and my welfare passeth away as a cloud. 
And now my soul is poured out upon me; the 
324, 
Ye who turn judgment to wormwood, and leave off righteousness in the earth, 
Seek him that maketh the seven stars and Orion, and turneth the shadow of death into the morning, and maketh the day dark with night: that calleth for the waters of the sea, and poureth them out upon the face of the earth: The LORD is his name: 
354,nd my brethren, and their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have, are come out of the land of Canaan; and, behold, they are in the land of Goshen. 
And he took some of his brethren, even five men, and presented them unto Pharaoh. 
And Pharaoh said unto his brethren, What is your occupation? And they said unto Pharaoh, Thy servants are shepherd
357,ies with their villages: 
In the wilderness, Betharabah, Middin, and Secacah, 
And Nibshan, and the city of Salt, and Engedi; six cities with their villages. 
As for the Jebusites the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the children of Judah could not drive them out; but the Jebusites dwell with the children of Judah at Jerusalem unto this day. 
And the lot of the 
295,scourgings, yea, moreover of bonds and imprisonment: 
They were stoned, they were sawn asunder, were tempted, were slain with the sword: they wandered about in sheepskins and goatskins; being destitute, afflicted, tormented; 
(Of whom the world was not worthy:) they wandered in deserts, and in 
336,ck the face of his throne, and spreadeth his cloud upon it. 
He hath compassed the waters with bounds, until the day and night come to an end. 
The pillars of heaven tremble and are astonished at his reproof. 
He divideth the sea with his power, and by his understanding he smiteth through the proud. 
By his spirit he hath garnished th
341,
And every earthen vessel, whereinto any of them falleth, whatsoever is in it shall be unclean; and ye shall break it. 
Of all meat which may be eaten, that on which such water cometh shall be unclean: and all drink that may be drunk in every such vessel shall be unclean. 
And every thing whereupon any part of their carcase falleth shall b
282, it; and thou shalt bring in the candlestick, and light the lamps thereof. 
And thou shalt set the altar of gold for the incense before the ark of the testimony, and put the hanging of the door to the tabernacle. 
And thou shalt set the altar of the burnt offering before the door o
324,his voyage will be with hurt and much damage, not only of the lading and ship, but also of our lives. 
Nevertheless the centurion believed the master and the owner of the ship, more than those things which were spoken by Paul. 
And because the haven was not commodious to winter in, the more part advised to depart thence al
279,wered Doeg the Edomite, which was set over the servants of Saul, and said, I saw the son of Jesse coming to Nob, to Ahimelech the son of Ahitub. 
And he enquired of the LORD for him, and gave him victuals, and gave him the sword of Goliath the Philistine. 
Then the king sent to 
250, against him, seeing he is the anointed of the LORD. 
So David stayed his servants with these words, and suffered them not to rise against Saul. But Saul rose up out of the cave, and went on his way. 
David also arose afterward, and went out of the c
301,ucted both to be full and to be hungry, both to abound and to suffer need. 
I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me. 
Notwithstanding ye have well done, that ye did communicate with my affliction. 
Now ye Philippians know also, that in the beginning of the gospel, when I departed fr
297,ul's daughter loved David: and they told Saul, and the thing pleased him. 
And Saul said, I will give him her, that she may be a snare to him, and that the hand of the Philistines may be against him. Wherefore Saul said to David, Thou shalt this day be my son in law in the one of the twain. 
And 
246,yrus, is planted in a pleasant place: but Ephraim shall bring forth his children to the murderer. 
Give them, O LORD: what wilt thou give? give them a miscarrying womb and dry breasts. 
All their wickedness is in Gilgal: for there I hated them: f
340, laver of brass, and his foot also of brass, to wash withal: and thou shalt put it between the tabernacle of the congregation and the altar, and thou shalt put water therein. 
For Aaron and his sons shall wash their hands and their feet thereat: 
When they go into the tabernacle of the congregation, they shall wash with water, that they d
334,hold fast the confidence and the rejoicing of the hope firm unto the end. 
Wherefore (as the Holy Ghost saith, To day if ye will hear his voice, 
Harden not your hearts, as in the provocation, in the day of temptation in the wilderness: 
When your fathers tempted me, proved me, and saw my works forty years. 
Wherefore I was grieved 
280,ered Cyprus, we left it on the left hand, and sailed into Syria, and landed at Tyre: for there the ship was to unlade her burden. 
And finding disciples, we tarried there seven days: who said to Paul through the Spirit, that he should not go up to Jerusalem. 
And when we had acco
258,ance of thee. 
With my soul have I desired thee in the night; yea, with my spirit within me will I seek thee early: for when thy judgments are in the earth, the inhabitants of the world will learn righteousness. 
Let favour be shewed to the wicked, yet will 
319, from the pestilence; that they may declare all their abominations among the heathen whither they come; and they shall know that I am the LORD. 
Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying, 
Son of man, eat thy bread with quaking, and drink thy water with trembling and with carefulness; 
And say unto the people o
347,se, and bought with money of the stranger, were circumcised with him. 
And the LORD appeared unto him in the plains of Mamre: and he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day; 
And he lift up his eyes and looked, and, lo, three men stood by him: and when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself toward the ground, 
292,the LORD said unto Joshua, Stretch out the spear that is in thy hand toward Ai; for I will give it into thine hand. And Joshua stretched out the spear that he had in his hand toward the city. 
And the ambush arose quickly out of their place, and they ran as soon as he had stretched out his h
310,e was teaching, and said, By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this authority? 
And Jesus answered and said unto them, I also will ask you one thing, which if ye tell me, I in like wise will tell you by what authority I do these things. 
The baptism of John, whence was it? from heaven,
318,e earth. 
He shall not depart out of darkness; the flame shall dry up his branches, and by the breath of his mouth shall he go away. 
Let not him that is deceived trust in vanity: for vanity shall be his recompence. 
It shall be accomplished before his time, and his branch shall not be green. 
He shall shake off his 
335,id these three mightiest. 
And Abishai the brother of Joab, he was chief of the three: for lifting up his spear against three hundred, he slew them, and had a name among the three. 
Of the three, he was more honourable than the two; for he was their captain: howbeit he attained not to the first three. 
Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, th
354, offerings unto the LORD shall bring his oblation unto the LORD of the sacrifice of his peace offerings. 
His own hands shall bring the offerings of the LORD made by fire, the fat with the breast, it shall he bring, that the breast may be waved for a wave offering before the LORD. 
And the priest shall burn the fat upon the altar: but the breast shall 
284,th greatly withstood our words. 
At my first answer no man stood with me, but all men forsook me: I pray God that it may not be laid to their charge. 
Notwithstanding the Lord stood with me, and strengthened me; that by me the preaching might be fully known, and that all the Gentiles
267,; I will not go out free: 
Then his master shall bring him unto the judges; he shall also bring him to the door, or unto the door post; and his master shall bore his ear through with an aul; and he shall serve him for ever. 
And if a man sell his daughter to be a mai
350, lamps, and sparks of fire leap out. 
Out of his nostrils goeth smoke, as out of a seething pot or caldron. 
His breath kindleth coals, and a flame goeth out of his mouth. 
In his neck remaineth strength, and sorrow is turned into joy before him. 
The flakes of his flesh are joined together: they are firm in themselves; they cannot be moved. 
His h
248,h hour: and he saith unto the Jews, Behold your King! 
But they cried out, Away with him, away with him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Shall I crucify your King? The chief priests answered, We have no king but Caesar. 
Then delivered he him 
290,and satisfied them with the bread of heaven. 
He opened the rock, and the waters gushed out; they ran in the dry places like a river. 
For he remembered his holy promise, and Abraham his servant. 
And he brought forth his people with joy, and his chosen with gladness: 
And gave them the la
326,nd shall ye offer the bread of your God of any of these; because their corruption is in them, and blemishes be in them: they shall not be accepted for you. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
When a bullock, or a sheep, or a goat, is brought forth, then it shall be seven days under the dam; and from the eighth day and t
290,elves. Selah. 
My heart is fixed, O God, my heart is fixed: I will sing and give praise. 
Awake up, my glory; awake, psaltery and harp: I myself will awake early. 
I will praise thee, O Lord, among the people: I will sing unto thee among the nations. 
For thy mercy is great unto the heaven
351,ch the LORD hath given us, who hath preserved us, and delivered the company that came against us into our hand. 
For who will hearken unto you in this matter? but as his part is that goeth down to the battle, so shall his part be that tarrieth by the stuff: they shall part alike. 
And it was so from that day forward, that he made it a statute and an
341,among these were of the children of Judah, Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah: 
Unto whom the prince of the eunuchs gave names: for he gave unto Daniel the name of Belteshazzar; and to Hananiah, of Shadrach; and to Mishael, of Meshach; and to Azariah, of Abednego. 
But Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with 
264,ing thereof, into the hand of Israel; and he smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were therein; he let none remain in it; but did unto the king thereof as he did unto the king of Jericho. 
And Joshua passed from Libnah, and all Israel with h
355, in that day, when thou shalt go into an inner chamber to hide thyself. 
And the king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and carry him back unto Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son; 
And say, Thus saith the king, Put this fellow in the prison, and feed him with bread of affliction and with water of affliction, until I come in peace. 
A
351, in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God: I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides of the north: 
I will ascend above the heights of the clouds; I will be like the most High. 
Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell, to the sides of the pit. 
They that see thee shall narrowly lo
289,g. 
Thou shalt not curse the deaf, nor put a stumblingblock before the blind, but shalt fear thy God: I am the LORD. 
Ye shall do no unrighteousness in judgment: thou shalt not respect the person of the poor, nor honor the person of the mighty: but in righteousness shalt thou judge thy ne
327,aid, Surely thou wilt fear me, thou wilt receive instruction; so their dwelling should not be cut off, howsoever I punished them: but they rose early, and corrupted all their doings. 
Therefore wait ye upon me, saith the LORD, until the day that I rise up to the prey: for my determination is to gather the nations, that I may 
260,e and to build Jerusalem unto the Messiah the Prince shall be seven weeks, and threescore and two weeks: the street shall be built again, and the wall, even in troublous times. 
And after threescore and two weeks shall Messiah be cut off, but not for himself: 
277, love the LORD your God, and to walk in all his ways, and to keep his commandments, and to cleave unto him, and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul. 
So Joshua blessed them, and sent them away: and they went unto their tents. 
Now to the one half of the tri
296, the princes; and the priests shall be astonished, and the prophets shall wonder. 
Then said I, Ah, Lord GOD! surely thou hast greatly deceived this people and Jerusalem, saying, Ye shall have peace; whereas the sword reacheth unto the soul. 
At that time shall it be said to this people and to J
319, ye have bitter envying and strife in your hearts, glory not, and lie not against the truth. 
This wisdom descendeth not from above, but is earthly, sensual, devilish. 
For where envying and strife is, there is confusion and every evil work. 
But the wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, and
330,And these are the days of the years of Abraham's life which he lived, an hundred threescore and fifteen years. 
Then Abraham gave up the ghost, and died in a good old age, an old man, and full of years; and was gathered to his people. 
And his sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the cave of Machpelah, in the field of Ephron the
312,r her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities. 
Reward her even as she rewarded you, and double unto her double according to her works: in the cup which she hath filled fill to her double. 
How much she hath glorified herself, and lived deliciously, so much torment and sorrow give 
346,and saying unto him, If thou wilt, thou canst make me clean. 
And Jesus, moved with compassion, put forth his hand, and touched him, and saith unto him, I will; be thou clean. 
And as soon as he had spoken, immediately the leprosy departed from him, and he was cleansed. 
And he straitly charged him, and forthwith sent him away; 
And saith unto 
313,hosoever offereth a sacrifice of peace offerings unto the LORD to accomplish his vow, or a freewill offering in beeves or sheep, it shall be perfect to be accepted; there shall be no blemish therein. 
Blind, or broken, or maimed, or having a wen, or scurvy, or scabbed, ye shall not offer these unto the LORD, nor
314,Jerusalem Jews, devout men, out of every nation under heaven. 
Now when this was noised abroad, the multitude came together, and were confounded, because that every man heard them speak in his own language. 
And they were all amazed and marvelled, saying one to another, Behold, are not all these which speak Galil
284,t me be weighed in an even balance that God may know mine integrity. 
If my step hath turned out of the way, and mine heart walked after mine eyes, and if any blot hath cleaved to mine hands; 
Then let me sow, and let another eat; yea, let my offspring be rooted out. 
If mine heart h
283, overtake them; and she shall seek them, but shall not find them: then shall she say, I will go and return to my first husband; for then was it better with me than now. 
For she did not know that I gave her corn, and wine, and oil, and multiplied her silver and gold, which they prep
292,ied in the land of Canaan. And the sons of Pharez were Hezron and Hamul. 
And the sons of Issachar; Tola, and Phuvah, and Job, and Shimron. 
And the sons of Zebulun; Sered, and Elon, and Jahleel. 
These be the sons of Leah, which she bare unto Jacob in Padanaram, with his daughter Dinah: all
294,. 
This thou hast seen, O LORD: keep not silence: O Lord, be not far from me. 
Stir up thyself, and awake to my judgment, even unto my cause, my God and my Lord. 
Judge me, O LORD my God, according to thy righteousness; and let them not rejoice over me. 
Let them not say in their hearts, Ah, s
252,ab the son of Zeruiah, 
Ira an Ithrite, Gareb an Ithrite, 
Uriah the Hittite: thirty and seven in all. 
And again the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel, and he moved David against them to say, Go, number Israel and Judah. 
For the king said 
260,ia, and Heber, seven. 
These are the children of Abihail the son of Huri, the son of Jaroah, the son of Gilead, the son of Michael, the son of Jeshishai, the son of Jahdo, the son of Buz; 
Ahi the son of Abdiel, the son of Guni, chief of the house of their fat
277, lusteth after, according to the blessing of the LORD thy God which he hath given thee: the unclean and the clean may eat thereof, as of the roebuck, and as of the hart. 
Only ye shall not eat the blood; ye shall pour it upon the earth as water. 
Thou mayest not eat within thy
270,efore Ziklag pertaineth unto the kings of Judah unto this day. 
And the time that David dwelt in the country of the Philistines was a full year and four months. 
And David and his men went up, and invaded the Geshurites, and the Gezrites, and the Amalekites: for those n
286,but they see not; 
They have ears, but they hear not; neither is there any breath in their mouths. 
They that make them are like unto them: so is every one that trusteth in them. 
Bless the LORD, O house of Israel: bless the LORD, O house of Aaron: 
Bless the LORD, O house of Levi: ye 
320,el shall be the offering of the LORD. 
Every one that passeth among them that are numbered, from twenty years old and above, shall give an offering unto the LORD. 
The rich shall not give more, and the poor shall not give less than half a shekel, when they give an offering unto the LORD, to make an atonement for your s
283,ssions: but I will save them out of all their dwellingplaces, wherein they have sinned, and will cleanse them: so shall they be my people, and I will be their God. 
And David my servant shall be king over them; and they all shall have one shepherd: they shall also walk in my judgmen
273, sons, and put the bonnets on them: and the priest's office shall be theirs for a perpetual statute: and thou shalt consecrate Aaron and his sons. 
And thou shalt cause a bullock to be brought before the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron and his sons shall put thei
339,r cherub was five cubits, reaching to the wall of the house: and the other wing was five cubits also, joining to the wing of the other cherub. 
The wings of these cherubims spread themselves forth twenty cubits: and they stood on their feet, and their faces were inward. 
And he made the vail of blue, and purple, and crimson, and fine lin
334,and the bracelets, and the mufflers, 
The bonnets, and the ornaments of the legs, and the headbands, and the tablets, and the earrings, 
The rings, and nose jewels, 
The changeable suits of apparel, and the mantles, and the wimples, and the crisping pins, 
The glasses, and the fine linen, and the hoods, and the vails. 
And it shall 
355,is legs, and a target of brass between his shoulders. 
And the staff of his spear was like a weaver's beam; and his spear's head weighed six hundred shekels of iron: and one bearing a shield went before him. 
And he stood and cried unto the armies of Israel, and said unto them, Why are ye come out to set your battle in array? am not I a Philistine, and 
295,o the dungeon; and he is like to die for hunger in the place where he is: for there is no more bread in the city. 
Then the king commanded Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, saying, Take from hence thirty men with thee, and take up Jeremiah the prophet out of the dungeon, before he die. 
So Ebedmelech t
283,dren of Ammon as Gomorrah, even the breeding of nettles, and saltpits, and a perpetual desolation: the residue of my people shall spoil them, and the remnant of my people shall possess them. 
This shall they have for their pride, because they have reproached and magnified themselves
288,ll rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here. 
When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest
286,eek the LORD of hosts. 
Therefore the LORD will cut off from Israel head and tail, branch and rush, in one day. 
The ancient and honourable, he is the head; and the prophet that teacheth lies, he is the tail. 
For the leaders of this people cause them to err; and they that are led of t
318,the way of Bashan: and og the king of bashan went out against them, he, and all his people, to the battle at edrei. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Fear him not: for I have delivered him into thy hand, and all his people, and his land; and thou shalt do to him as thou didst unto Sihon king of the Amorites, which dwelt
266, the pit, nor that his bread should fail. 
But I am the LORD thy God, that divided the sea, whose waves roared: The LORD of hosts is his name. 
And I have put my words in thy mouth, and I have covered thee in the shadow of mine hand, that I may plant the heavens, an
338,e the children of Abraham. 
And the scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the heathen through faith, preached before the gospel unto Abraham, saying, In thee shall all nations be blessed. 
So then they which be of faith are blessed with faithful Abraham. 
For as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse: for it is w
321,re grown up with him, and which stood before him: 
And he said unto them, What counsel give ye that we may answer this people, who have spoken to me, saying, Make the yoke which thy father did put upon us lighter? 
And the young men that were grown up with him spake unto him, saying, Thus shalt thou speak unto this peop
319,I say, He which soweth sparingly shall reap also sparingly; and he which soweth bountifully shall reap also bountifully. 
Every man according as he purposeth in his heart, so let him give; not grudgingly, or of necessity: for God loveth a cheerful giver. 
And God is able to make all grace abound toward you; that ye, a
245,thou look on? rescue my soul from their destructions, my darling from the lions. 
I will give thee thanks in the great congregation: I will praise thee among much people. 
Let not them that are mine enemies wrongfully rejoice over me: neither le
344,rds with gold, and made their rings of gold to be places for the bars, and overlaid the bars with gold. 
And he made a vail of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: with cherubims made he it of cunning work. 
And he made thereunto four pillars of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold: their hooks were of gold; and he cast 
268,er taste of death. 
Art thou greater than our father Abraham, which is dead? and the prophets are dead: whom makest thou thyself? 
Jesus answered, If I honour myself, my honour is nothing: it is my Father that honoureth me; of whom ye say, that he is your God: 
Yet ye
313,o him, I am a Levite of Bethlehemjudah, and I go to sojourn where I may find a place. 
And Micah said unto him, Dwell with me, and be unto me a father and a priest, and I will give thee ten shekels of silver by the year, and a suit of apparel, and thy victuals. So the Levite went in. 
And the Levite was content 
306,ily I say unto you, That ye which have followed me, in the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel. 
And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or
359, thy people, and bless thine inheritance: feed them also, and lift them up for ever. 
Give unto the LORD, O ye mighty, give unto the LORD glory and strength. 
Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name; worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness. 
The voice of the LORD is upon the waters: the God of glory thundereth: the LORD is upon many waters. 
The v
276,m without the camp, bearing his reproach. 
For here have we no continuing city, but we seek one to come. 
By him therefore let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually, that is, the fruit of our lips giving thanks to his name. 
But to do good and to communicate for
281,w past; send the multitude away, that they may go into the villages, and buy themselves victuals. 
But Jesus said unto them, They need not depart; give ye them to eat. 
And they say unto him, We have here but five loaves, and two fishes. 
He said, Bring them hither to me. 
And he 
271,srael wandered in the wilderness: and now, lo, I am this day fourscore and five years old. 
As yet I am as strong this day as I was in the day that Moses sent me: as my strength was then, even so is my strength now, for war, both to go out, and to come in. 
Now therefore
325, the fight, and shouted for the battle. 
For Israel and the Philistines had put the battle in array, army against army. 
And David left his carriage in the hand of the keeper of the carriage, and ran into the army, and came and saluted his brethren. 
And as he talked with them, behold, there came up the champion, the Philis
342, land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance, and so blood be upon thee. 
But if any man hate his neighbour, and lie in wait for him, and rise up against him, and smite him mortally that he die, and fleeth into one of these cities: 
Then the elders of his city shall send and fetch him thence, and deliver him into the hand of
286,filled the land: for the mighty man hath stumbled against the mighty, and they are fallen both together. 
The word that the LORD spake to Jeremiah the prophet, how Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon should come and smite the land of Egypt. 
Declare ye in Egypt, and publish in Migdol, and p
291,r, that dwelleth at thy right hand, is Sodom and her daughters. 
Yet hast thou not walked after their ways, nor done after their abominations: but, as if that were a very little thing, thou wast corrupted more than they in all thy ways. 
As I live, saith the Lord GOD, Sodom thy sister hath 
342,eir youth: there were their breasts pressed, and there they bruised the teats of their virginity. 
And the names of them were Aholah the elder, and Aholibah her sister: and they were mine, and they bare sons and daughters. Thus were their names; Samaria is Aholah, and Jerusalem Aholibah. 
And Aholah played the harlot when she was mine; and 
303,r is not edified. 
I thank my God, I speak with tongues more than ye all: 
Yet in the church I had rather speak five words with my understanding, that by my voice I might teach others also, than ten thousand words in an unknown tongue. 
Brethren, be not children in understanding: howbeit in malice be y
351,the LORD which he spake unto us: it shall be therefore a witness unto you, lest ye deny your God. 
So Joshua let the people depart, every man unto his inheritance. 
And it came to pass after these things, that Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of the LORD, died, being an hundred and ten years old. 
And they buried him in the border of his inheritan
248,ighty men of valour. 
The sons of Shemaiah; Othni, and Rephael, and Obed, Elzabad, whose brethren were strong men, Elihu, and Semachiah. 
All these of the sons of Obededom: they and their sons and their brethren, able men for strength for the servi
266,as going to fetch it, he called to her, and said, Bring me, I pray thee, a morsel of bread in thine hand. 
And she said, As the LORD thy God liveth, I have not a cake, but an handful of meal in a barrel, and a little oil in a cruse: and, behold, I am gathering two s
351, from the coast to Achzib: 
Ummah also, and Aphek, and Rehob: twenty and two cities with their villages. 
This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Asher according to their families, these cities with their villages. 
The sixth lot came out to the children of Naphtali, even for the children of Naphtali according to their families. 
And
344,my money into the bank, that at my coming I might have required mine own with usury? 
And he said unto them that stood by, Take from him the pound, and give it to him that hath ten pounds. 
(And they said unto him, Lord, he hath ten pounds.) 
For I say unto you, That unto every one which hath shall be given; and from him that hath not, even t
327,e: 
One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering: 
One kid of the goats for a sin offering: 
And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Nethaneel the son of Zuar. 
On the third day Eliab the son of Helon, pr
268,he villages thereof, 
And at Ziklag, and at Mekonah, and in the villages thereof, 
And at Enrimmon, and at Zareah, and at Jarmuth, 
Zanoah, Adullam, and in their villages, at Lachish, and the fields thereof, at Azekah, and in the villages thereof. And they dwelt from 
275,achar according to those that were numbered of them, threescore and four thousand and three hundred. 
Of the sons of Zebulun after their families: of Sered, the family of the Sardites: of Elon, the family of the Elonites: of Jahleel, the family of the Jahleelites. 
These are
353,thy days, so shall thy strength be. 
There is none like unto the God of Jeshurun, who rideth upon the heaven in thy help, and in his excellency on the sky. 
The eternal God is thy refuge, and underneath are the everlasting arms: and he shall thrust out the enemy from before thee; and shall say, Destroy them. 
Israel then shall dwell in safety alone: t
308, nations which have heard the fame of thee will speak, saying, 
Because the LORD was not able to bring this people into the land which he sware unto them, therefore he hath slain them in the wilderness. 
And now, I beseech thee, let the power of my lord be great, according as thou hast spoken, saying, 
The 
325,ood is it! 
The way of life is above to the wise, that he may depart from hell beneath. 
The LORD will destroy the house of the proud: but he will establish the border of the widow. 
The thoughts of the wicked are an abomination to the LORD: but the words of the pure are pleasant words. 
He that is greedy of gain troubleth 
300,been there, I must also see Rome. 
So he sent into Macedonia two of them that ministered unto him, Timotheus and Erastus; but he himself stayed in Asia for a season. 
And the same time there arose no small stir about that way. 
For a certain man named Demetrius, a silversmith, which made silver shri
329,e congregation of the children of Israel gathered themselves together at Shiloh, to go up to war against them. 
And the children of Israel sent unto the children of Reuben, and to the children of Gad, and to the half tribe of Manasseh, into the land of Gilead, Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest, 
And with him ten princes, o
337, come down, prayed for them, that they might receive the Holy Ghost: 
(For as yet he was fallen upon none of them: only they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.) 
Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost. 
And when Simon saw that through laying on of the apostles' hands the Holy Ghost was given, he 
335,st, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if any bowels and mercies, 
Fulfil ye my joy, that ye be likeminded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind. 
Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than themselves. 
Look not every man on his o
312, seemeth him good. 
And Samuel grew, and the LORD was with him, and did let none of his words fall to the ground. 
And all Israel from Dan even to Beersheba knew that Samuel was established to be a prophet of the LORD. 
And the LORD appeared again in Shiloh: for the LORD revealed himself to Samuel in Shiloh by 
257,d, at my rebuke I dry up the sea, I make the rivers a wilderness: their fish stinketh, because there is no water, and dieth for thirst. 
I clothe the heavens with blackness, and I make sackcloth their covering. 
The Lord GOD hath given me the tongue of the 
330, to worship before me, saith the LORD. 
And they shall go forth, and look upon the carcases of the men that have transgressed against me: for their worm shall not die, neither shall their fire be quenched; and they shall be an abhorring unto all flesh. 
The words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah, of the priests that were in Anatho
298,l speak but this once: let me prove, I pray thee, but this once with the fleece; let it now be dry only upon the fleece, and upon all the ground let there be dew. 
And God did so that night: for it was dry upon the fleece only, and there was dew on all the ground. 
Then Jerubbaal, who is Gideon, a
323,y had held their peace, James answered, saying, Men and brethren, hearken unto me: 
Simeon hath declared how God at the first did visit the Gentiles, to take out of them a people for his name. 
And to this agree the words of the prophets; as it is written, 
After this I will return, and will build again the tabernacle of 
287,of thee. 
And the LORD shall make thee plenteous in goods, in the fruit of thy body, and in the fruit of thy cattle, and in the fruit of thy ground, in the land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers to give thee. 
The LORD shall open unto thee his good treasure, the heaven to give the r
294,thers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war; 
Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Ephraim, were forty thousand and five hundred. 
Of the children of Manasseh, by their generations, after their families,
354,ard it. 
Understand, ye brutish among the people: and ye fools, when will ye be wise? 
He that planted the ear, shall he not hear? he that formed the eye, shall he not see? 
He that chastiseth the heathen, shall not he correct? he that teacheth man knowledge, shall not he know? 
The LORD knoweth the thoughts of man, that they are vanity. 
Blessed is th
294,came before the city, and pitched on the north side of Ai: now there was a valley between them and Ai. 
And he took about five thousand men, and set them to lie in ambush between Bethel and Ai, on the west side of the city. 
And when they had set the people, even all the host that was on the n
305,r. 
The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight. 
The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and three. 
The children of Jorah, an hundred and twelve. 
The children of Hashum, two hundred twenty and three. 
The children of Gibbar, ninety and five. 
The children of Bethlehem, an hundred twenty and
274,d unto the judgments, which I teach you, for to do them, that ye may live, and go in and possess the land which the LORD God of your fathers giveth you. 
Ye shall not add unto the word which I command you, neither shall ye diminish ought from it, that ye may keep the comman
323,nd of silver, and threescore and seven priests' garments. 
So the priests, and the Levites, and the porters, and the singers, and some of the people, and the Nethinims, and all Israel, dwelt in their cities; and when the seventh month came, the children of Israel were in their cities. 
And all the people gathered themselv
312,aith the LORD God of Israel, I brought you up from Egypt, and brought you forth out of the house of bondage; 
And I delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all that oppressed you, and drave them out from before you, and gave you their land; 
And I said unto you, I am the LORD your
267,ries for singers: and there were none such seen before in the land of Judah. 
And king Solomon gave to the queen of Sheba all her desire, whatsoever she asked, beside that which she had brought unto the king. So she turned, and went away to her own land, she and her 
302, which thou hast spoken of, of them shall I be had in honour. 
Therefore Michal the daughter of Saul had no child unto the day of her death. 
And it came to pass, when the king sat in his house, and the LORD had given him rest round about from all his enemies; 
That the king said unto Nathan the proph
358,house of Obededom the Gittite three months: and the LORD blessed Obededom, and all his household. 
And it was told king David, saying, The LORD hath blessed the house of Obededom, and all that pertaineth unto him, because of the ark of God. So David went and brought up the ark of God from the house of Obededom into the city of David with gladness. 
And it 
358,srael: for they have committed lewdness and folly in Israel. 
Behold, ye are all children of Israel; give here your advice and counsel. 
And all the people arose as one man, saying, We will not any of us go to his tent, neither will we any of us turn into his house. 
But now this shall be the thing which we will do to Gibeah; we will go up by lot against i
275,d cannot inherit the kingdom of God; neither doth corruption inherit incorruption. 
Behold, I shew you a mystery; We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed, 
In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall
328,hee to inherit, into three parts, that every slayer may flee thither. 
And this is the case of the slayer, which shall flee thither, that he may live: Whoso killeth his neighbour ignorantly, whom he hated not in time past; 
As when a man goeth into the wood with his neighbour to hew wood, and his hand fetcheth a stroke with th
317,adad died, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead. 
And Samlah died, and Saul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead. 
And Saul died, and Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead. 
And Baalhanan the son of Achbor died, and Hadar reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pau; and his wife
284,y, he that is true, he that hath the key of David, he that openeth, and no man shutteth; and shutteth, and no man openeth; 
I know thy works: behold, I have set before thee an open door, and no man can shut it: for thou hast a little strength, and hast kept my word, and hast not deni
281,h forth his fruit in his season; his leaf also shall not wither; and whatsoever he doeth shall prosper. 
The ungodly are not so: but are like the chaff which the wind driveth away. 
Therefore the ungodly shall not stand in the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the right
350,h, will he do more miracles than these which this man hath done? 
The Pharisees heard that the people murmured such things concerning him; and the Pharisees and the chief priests sent officers to take him. 
Then said Jesus unto them, Yet a little while am I with you, and then I go unto him that sent me. 
Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and
337,e earth: 
Then I was by him, as one brought up with him: and I was daily his delight, rejoicing always before him; 
Rejoicing in the habitable part of his earth; and my delights were with the sons of men. 
Now therefore hearken unto me, O ye children: for blessed are they that keep my ways. 
Hear instruction, and be wise, and refuse it
291,or she saw that Shelah was grown, and she was not given unto him to wife. 
When Judah saw her, he thought her to be an harlot; because she had covered her face. 
And he turned unto her by the way, and said, Go to, I pray thee, let me come in unto thee; (for he knew not that she was his daug
348,his head his accusation written, THIS IS JESUS THE KING OF THE JEWS. 
Then were there two thieves crucified with him, one on the right hand, and another on the left. 
And they that passed by reviled him, wagging their heads, 
And saying, Thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days, save thyself. If thou be the Son of God, come 
343,efore, behold, I am against the prophets, saith the LORD, that steal my words every one from his neighbour. 
Behold, I am against the prophets, saith the LORD, that use their tongues, and say, He saith. 
Behold, I am against them that prophesy false dreams, saith the LORD, and do tell them, and cause my people to err by their lies, and by th
331,d to Jacob, saying, We came to thy brother Esau, and also he cometh to meet thee, and four hundred men with him. 
Then Jacob was greatly afraid and distressed: and he divided the people that was with him, and the flocks, and herds, and the camels, into two bands; 
And said, If Esau come to the one company, and smite it, then the 
271,at it is the last time. 
They went out from us, but they were not of us; for if they had been of us, they would no doubt have continued with us: but they went out, that they might be made manifest that they were not all of us. 
But ye have an unction from the Holy One, a
252,nd it was so, when the king went into the house of the LORD, that the guard bare them, and brought them back into the guard chamber. 
Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the k
300,redeem it: deliver me because of mine enemies. 
Thou hast known my reproach, and my shame, and my dishonour: mine adversaries are all before thee. 
Reproach hath broken my heart; and I am full of heaviness: and I looked for some to take pity, but there was none; and for comforters, but I found none.
288, tumult, is come up into mine ears, therefore will I put my hook in thy nose, and my bridle in thy lips, and I will turn thee back by the way by which thou camest. 
And this shall be a sign unto thee, Ye shall eat this year such as groweth of itself; and the second year that which spring
294,h. 
They continue this day according to thine ordinances: for all are thy servants. 
Unless thy law had been my delights, I should then have perished in mine affliction. 
I will never forget thy precepts: for with them thou hast quickened me. 
I am thine, save me: for I have sought thy precept
294,fore them. 
Then he made a porch for the throne where he might judge, even the porch of judgment: and it was covered with cedar from one side of the floor to the other. 
And his house where he dwelt had another court within the porch, which was of the like work. Solomon made also an house for 
357,ation; of him also shall the Son of man be ashamed, when he cometh in the glory of his Father with the holy angels. 
And he said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That there be some of them that stand here, which shall not taste of death, till they have seen the kingdom of God come with power. 
And after six days Jesus taketh with him Peter, and James, an
252,l increase learning; and a man of understanding shall attain unto wise counsels: 
To understand a proverb, and the interpretation; the words of the wise, and their dark sayings. 
The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge: but fools despise wis
317,evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving, and being deceived. 
But continue thou in the things which thou hast learned and hast been assured of, knowing of whom thou hast learned them; 
And that from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation throug
320,women in Zion, and the maids in the cities of Judah. 
Princes are hanged up by their hand: the faces of elders were not honoured. 
They took the young men to grind, and the children fell under the wood. 
The elders have ceased from the gate, the young men from their musick. 
The joy of our heart is ceased; our dance is
360,breadth shall be ten thousand. This shall be holy in all the borders thereof round about. 
Of this there shall be for the sanctuary five hundred in length, with five hundred in breadth, square round about; and fifty cubits round about for the suburbs thereof. 
And of this measure shalt thou measure the length of five and twenty thousand, and the breadth of t
291,way: and when Micah saw that they were too strong for him, he turned and went back unto his house. 
And they took the things which Micah had made, and the priest which he had, and came unto Laish, unto a people that were at quiet and secure: and they smote them with the edge of the sword, a
248,law, that the testimony of two men is true. 
I am one that bear witness of myself, and the Father that sent me beareth witness of me. 
Then said they unto him, Where is thy Father? Jesus answered, Ye neither know me, nor my Father: if ye had known 
317,: and upon each post were palm trees. 
Then brought he me into the outward court, and, lo, there were chambers, and a pavement made for the court round about: thirty chambers were upon the pavement. 
And the pavement by the side of the gates over against the length of the gates was the lower pavement. 
Then he measu
258,e of our God, keep and seek for all the commandments of the LORD your God: that ye may possess this good land, and leave it for an inheritance for your children after you for ever. 
And thou, Solomon my son, know thou the God of thy father, and serve him wit
315,upon the border round about: thus shalt thou cleanse and purge it. 
Thou shalt take the bullock also of the sin offering, and he shall burn it in the appointed place of the house, without the sanctuary. 
And on the second day thou shalt offer a kid of the goats without blemish for a sin offering; and they shall cl
346,lieve that through the grace of the LORD Jesus Christ we shall be saved, even as they. 
Then all the multitude kept silence, and gave audience to Barnabas and Paul, declaring what miracles and wonders God had wrought among the Gentiles by them. 
And after they had held their peace, James answered, saying, Men and brethren, hearken unto me: 
Sim
324,that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed. 
So Abram departed, as the LORD had spoken unto him; and Lot went with him: and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran. 
And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their substance that they had gath
246,come seven years of great plenty throughout all the land of Egypt: 
And there shall arise after them seven years of famine; and all the plenty shall be forgotten in the land of Egypt; and the famine shall consume the land; 
And the plenty shall n
253,liveth. And the man believed the word that Jesus had spoken unto him, and he went his way. 
And as he was now going down, his servants met him, and told him, saying, Thy son liveth. 
Then enquired he of them the hour when he began to amend. And they sai
244, their inheritance, as he said unto them. 
And Moses gave unto the tribe of the children of Reuben inheritance according to their families. 
And their coast was from Aroer, that is on the bank of the river Arnon, and the city that is in the mid
262,me one of the seven angels which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and talked with me, saying, Come hither, I will shew thee the bride, the Lamb's wife. 
And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain, and shewed me that grea
260, glory and honour and immortality, eternal life: 
But unto them that are contentious, and do not obey the truth, but obey unrighteousness, indignation and wrath, 
Tribulation and anguish, upon every soul of man that doeth evil, of the Jew first, and also of th
342,cret place. And all the people shall answer and say, Amen. 
Cursed be he that setteth light by his father or his mother. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
Cursed be he that removeth his neighbour's landmark. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
Cursed be he that maketh the blind to wander out of the way. And all the people shall say, Ame
270,rk of the LORD upon the cart, and the coffer with the mice of gold and the images of their emerods. 
And the kine took the straight way to the way of Bethshemesh, and went along the highway, lowing as they went, and turned not aside to the right hand or to the left; and
313,nd Moses and Aaron came in unto Pharaoh, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, How long wilt thou refuse to humble thyself before me? let my people go, that they may serve me. 
Else, if thou refuse to let my people go, behold, to morrow will I bring the locusts into thy coast: 
And they shal
358, Elias must first come? 
And Jesus answered and said unto them, Elias truly shall first come, and restore all things. 
But I say unto you, That Elias is come already, and they knew him not, but have done unto him whatsoever they listed. Likewise shall also the Son of man suffer of them. 
Then the disciples understood that he spake unto them of John the Bap
260,man, that they die: then the ox shall be surely stoned, and his flesh shall not be eaten; but the owner of the ox shall be quit. 
But if the ox were wont to push with his horn in time past, and it hath been testified to his owner, and he hath not kept him in, 
313,reover by them is thy servant warned: and in keeping of them there is great reward. 
Who can understand his errors? cleanse thou me from secret faults. 
Keep back thy servant also from presumptuous sins; let them not have dominion over me: then shall I be upright, and I shall be innocent from the great transgres
267,t I know, that even now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee. 
Jesus saith unto her, Thy brother shall rise again. 
Martha saith unto him, I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day. 
Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrect
326,st the children of Benjamin the second day. 
And Benjamin went forth against them out of Gibeah the second day, and destroyed down to the ground of the children of Israel again eighteen thousand men; all these drew the sword. 
Then all the children of Israel, and all the people, went up, and came unto the house of God, and w
291,l the host of heaven shall be dissolved, and the heavens shall be rolled together as a scroll: and all their host shall fall down, as the leaf falleth off from the vine, and as a falling fig from the fig tree. 
For my sword shall be bathed in heaven: behold, it shall come down upon Idumea, 
340,d Lod, with the towns thereof: 
Beriah also, and Shema, who were heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Aijalon, who drove away the inhabitants of Gath: 
And Ahio, Shashak, and Jeremoth, 
And Zebadiah, and Arad, and Ader, 
And Michael, and Ispah, and Joha, the sons of Beriah; 
And Zebadiah, and Meshullam, and Hezeki, and Heber, 
Ishme
299,wo sons also, Hophni and Phinehas, are dead, and the ark of God is taken. 
And it came to pass, when he made mention of the ark of God, that he fell from off the seat backward by the side of the gate, and his neck brake, and he died: for he was an old man, and heavy. And he had judged Israel forty 
265,erty of the children of God. 
For we know that the whole creation groaneth and travaileth in pain together until now. 
And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the firstfruits of the Spirit, even we ourselves groan within ourselves, waiting for the adoptio
286, chambers was a walk to ten cubits breadth inward, a way of one cubit; and their doors toward the north. 
Now the upper chambers were shorter: for the galleries were higher than these, than the lower, and than the middlemost of the building. 
For they were in three stories, but had not
321,households, and for food for your little ones. 
And they said, Thou hast saved our lives: let us find grace in the sight of my lord, and we will be Pharaoh's servants. 
And Joseph made it a law over the land of Egypt unto this day, that Pharaoh should have the fifth part, except the land of the priests only, which becam
331, in the flesh, but in the Spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his. 
And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin; but the Spirit is life because of righteousness. 
But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he 
253,st. 
But he that lacketh these things is blind, and cannot see afar off, and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins. 
Wherefore the rather, brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure: for if ye do these things, ye shall
258,rt, and failing of eyes, and sorrow of mind: 
And thy life shall hang in doubt before thee; and thou shalt fear day and night, and shalt have none assurance of thy life: 
In the morning thou shalt say, Would God it were even! and at even thou shalt say, Woul
253,As I live, surely they that are in the wastes shall fall by the sword, and him that is in the open field will I give to the beasts to be devoured, and they that be in the forts and in the caves shall die of the pestilence. 
For I will lay the land most 
343,r I am with thee: I will bring thy seed from the east, and gather thee from the west; 
I will say to the north, Give up; and to the south, Keep not back: bring my sons from far, and my daughters from the ends of the earth; 
Even every one that is called by my name: for I have created him for my glory, I have formed him; yea, I have made him.
246,he mighty one of the heathen; he shall surely deal with him: I have driven him out for his wickedness. 
And strangers, the terrible of the nations, have cut him off, and have left him: upon the mountains and in all the valleys his branches are fa
318,eceive: for the Holy Ghost was not yet given; because that Jesus was not yet glorified.) 
Many of the people therefore, when they heard this saying, said, Of a truth this is the Prophet. 
Others said, This is the Christ. But some said, Shall Christ come out of Galilee? 
Hath not the scripture said, That Christ cometh
282,n it; a land whose stones are iron, and out of whose hills thou mayest dig brass. 
When thou hast eaten and art full, then thou shalt bless the LORD thy God for the good land which he hath given thee. 
Beware that thou forget not the LORD thy God, in not keeping his commandments, a
290,ast kept with thy servant David my father that which thou hast promised him; and spakest with thy mouth, and hast fulfilled it with thine hand, as it is this day. 
Now therefore, O LORD God of Israel, keep with thy servant David my father that which thou hast promised him, saying, There sh
357,halt thou bear the iniquity of the house of Israel. 
And when thou hast accomplished them, lie again on thy right side, and thou shalt bear the iniquity of the house of Judah forty days: I have appointed thee each day for a year. 
Therefore thou shalt set thy face toward the siege of Jerusalem, and thine arm shall be uncovered, and thou shalt prophesy aga
260,g, my servant deceived me: for thy servant said, I will saddle me an ass, that I may ride thereon, and go to the king; because thy servant is lame. 
And he hath slandered thy servant unto my lord the king; but my lord the king is as an angel of God: do therefo
356,lly minded is death; but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. 
Because the carnal mind is enmity against God: for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. 
So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God. 
But ye are not in the flesh, but in the Spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not t
322,m there. 
The Pharisees also came unto him, tempting him, and saying unto him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause? 
And he answered and said unto them, Have ye not read, that he which made them at the beginning made them male and female, 
And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and moth
302, surely visit you; and ye shall carry up my bones away hence with you. 
And they took their journey from Succoth, and encamped in Etham, in the edge of the wilderness. 
And the LORD went before them by day in a pillar of a cloud, to lead them the way; and by night in a pillar of fire, to give them lig
262, looked, and, behold, the glory of the LORD filled the house of the LORD: and I fell upon my face. 
And the LORD said unto me, Son of man, mark well, and behold with thine eyes, and hear with thine ears all that I say unto thee concerning all the ordinances of t
256,s when we are absent, such will we be also in deed when we are present. 
For we dare not make ourselves of the number, or compare ourselves with some that commend themselves: but they measuring themselves by themselves, and comparing themselves among thems
305,et speaking, there came also another, and said, The fire of God is fallen from heaven, and hath burned up the sheep, and the servants, and consumed them; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee. 
While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, The Chaldeans made out three bands, and fell u
306,nd my glory rejoiceth: my flesh also shall rest in hope. 
For thou wilt not leave my soul in hell; neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption. 
Thou wilt shew me the path of life: in thy presence is fulness of joy; at thy right hand there are pleasures for evermore. 
Hear the right, O LORD,
254,ction shall drive it far from him. 
He that oppresseth the poor to increase his riches, and he that giveth to the rich, shall surely come to want. 
Bow down thine ear, and hear the words of the wise, and apply thine heart unto my knowledge. 
For it is a 
294, given me my hire, because I have given my maiden to my husband: and she called his name Issachar. 
And Leah conceived again, and bare Jacob the sixth son. 
And Leah said, God hath endued me with a good dowry; now will my husband dwell with me, because I have born him six sons: and she called 
271,eavy yoke upon you, I will put more to your yoke: my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions. 
So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam on the third day, as the king bade, saying, Come again to me on the third day. 
And the king ans
302,crease: 
So shall thy barns be filled with plenty, and thy presses shall burst out with new wine. 
My son, despise not the chastening of the LORD; neither be weary of his correction: 
For whom the LORD loveth he correcteth; even as a father the son in whom he delighteth. 
Happy is the man that findeth
290,ant you that ye may find rest, each of you in the house of her husband. Then she kissed them; and they lifted up their voice, and wept. 
And they said unto her, Surely we will return with thee unto thy people. 
And Naomi said, Turn again, my daughters: why will ye go with me? are there yet
243,him; and they pleased him not. 
And he said, What cities are these which thou hast given me, my brother? And he called them the land of Cabul unto this day. 
And Hiram sent to the king sixscore talents of gold. 
And this is the reason of the l
292, perfect soundness in the presence of you all. 
And now, brethren, I wot that through ignorance ye did it, as did also your rulers. 
But those things, which God before had shewed by the mouth of all his prophets, that Christ should suffer, he hath so fulfilled. 
Repent ye therefore, and be c
262,ekness. 
Fight the good fight of faith, lay hold on eternal life, whereunto thou art also called, and hast professed a good profession before many witnesses. 
I give thee charge in the sight of God, who quickeneth all things, and before Christ Jesus, who before 
246,eir doings. 
Feed thy people with thy rod, the flock of thine heritage, which dwell solitarily in the wood, in the midst of Carmel: let them feed in Bashan and Gilead, as in the days of old. 
According to the days of thy coming out of the land of
302,helumiel the son of Zurishaddai. 
On the sixth day Eliasaph the son of Deuel, prince of the children of Gad, offered: 
His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, a silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flou
341,ave hanged upon the gallows, because he laid his hand upon the Jews. 
Write ye also for the Jews, as it liketh you, in the king's name, and seal it with the king's ring: for the writing which is written in the king's name, and sealed with the king's ring, may no man reverse. 
Then were the king's scribes called at that time in the third mo
307,ey shall look upon me whom they have pierced, and they shall mourn for him, as one mourneth for his only son, and shall be in bitterness for him, as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn. 
In that day shall there be a great mourning in Jerusalem, as the mourning of Hadadrimmon in the valley of Megidd
297,ed unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob, by the name of God Almighty, but by my name JEHOVAH was I not known to them. 
And I have also established my covenant with them, to give them the land of Canaan, the land of their pilgrimage, wherein they were strangers. 
And I have also heard the groa
266,ot be ashamed, but they shall speak with the enemies in the gate. 
Blessed is every one that feareth the LORD; that walketh in his ways. 
For thou shalt eat the labour of thine hands: happy shalt thou be, and it shall be well with thee. 
Thy wife shall be as a fruit
325,f the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty. 
Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame. 
And he gathered them together into a place called in the Hebrew tongue Armageddon. 
And the seventh angel poured o
355,eceive of their hands. 
After that thou shalt come to the hill of God, where is the garrison of the Philistines: and it shall come to pass, when thou art come thither to the city, that thou shalt meet a company of prophets coming down from the high place with a psaltery, and a tabret, and a pipe, and a harp, before them; and they shall prophesy: 
And th
263,d my fortress; my high tower, and my deliverer; my shield, and he in whom I trust; who subdueth my people under me. 
LORD, what is man, that thou takest knowledge of him! or the son of man, that thou makest account of him! 
Man is like to vanity: his days are as 
278,hee, because thou hast done this, and hast not hearkened unto my counsel. 
Then Amaziah king of Judah took advice, and sent to Joash, the son of Jehoahaz, the son of Jehu, king of Israel, saying, Come, let us see one another in the face. 
And Joash king of Israel sent to Amazia
290,that he died. But king Rehoboam made speed to get him up to his chariot, to flee to Jerusalem. 
And Israel rebelled against the house of David unto this day. 
And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem, he gathered of the house of Judah and Benjamin an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen me
344,he LORD. 
The proverbs of Solomon the son of David, king of Israel; 
To know wisdom and instruction; to perceive the words of understanding; 
To receive the instruction of wisdom, justice, and judgment, and equity; 
To give subtilty to the simple, to the young man knowledge and discretion. 
A wise man will hear, and will increase learning; an
295,ncerning the daughters that are born in this place, and concerning their mothers that bare them, and concerning their fathers that begat them in this land; 
They shall die of grievous deaths; they shall not be lamented; neither shall they be buried; but they shall be as dung upon the face of th
261,Speak on. 
And he said, I am Abraham's servant. 
And the LORD hath blessed my master greatly; and he is become great: and he hath given him flocks, and herds, and silver, and gold, and menservants, and maidservants, and camels, and asses. 
And Sarah my master's
287,table time have I heard thee, and in a day of salvation have I helped thee: and I will preserve thee, and give thee for a covenant of the people, to establish the earth, to cause to inherit the desolate heritages; 
That thou mayest say to the prisoners, Go forth; to them that are in dar
240,e unto Israel in the visions of the night, and said, Jacob, Jacob. And he said, Here am I. 
And he said, I am God, the God of thy father: fear not to go down into Egypt; for I will there make of thee a great nation: 
I will go down with the
242,dship, they may receive me into their houses. 
So he called every one of his lord's debtors unto him, and said unto the first, How much owest thou unto my lord? 
And he said, An hundred measures of oil. And he said unto him, Take thy bill, an
322,ined ten thousand. 
And the LORD said unto Gideon, The people are yet too many; bring them down unto the water, and I will try them for thee there: and it shall be, that of whom I say unto thee, This shall go with thee, the same shall go with thee; and of whomsoever I say unto thee, This shall not go with thee, the same 
337,is fatherless children. 
Let his posterity be cut off; and in the generation following let their name be blotted out. 
Let the iniquity of his fathers be remembered with the LORD; and let not the sin of his mother be blotted out. 
Let them be before the LORD continually, that he may cut off the memory of them from the earth. 
Because t
287,ome to thy friends, and tell them how great things the Lord hath done for thee, and hath had compassion on thee. 
And he departed, and began to publish in Decapolis how great things Jesus had done for him: and all men did marvel. 
And when Jesus was passed over again by ship unto the ot
293, soundeth long, they shall come up to the mount. 
And Moses went down from the mount unto the people, and sanctified the people; and they washed their clothes. 
And he said unto the people, Be ready against the third day: come not at your wives. 
And it came to pass on the third day in the mo
336, indeed come, and they have done unto him whatsoever they listed, as it is written of him. 
And when he came to his disciples, he saw a great multitude about them, and the scribes questioning with them. 
And straightway all the people, when they beheld him, were greatly amazed, and running to him saluted him. 
And he asked the scribes
347,shall not be your ruin. 
Cast away from you all your transgressions, whereby ye have transgressed; and make you a new heart and a new spirit: for why will ye die, O house of Israel? 
For I have no pleasure in the death of him that dieth, saith the Lord GOD: wherefore turn yourselves, and live ye. 
Moreover take thou up a lamentation for the prin
298,fe, to take it away. 
And the LORD said unto him, Go, return on thy way to the wilderness of Damascus: and when thou comest, anoint Hazael to be king over Syria: 
And Jehu the son of Nimshi shalt thou anoint to be king over Israel: and Elisha the son of Shaphat of Abelmeholah shalt thou anoint to 
321, is strong that executeth his word: for the day of the LORD is great and very terrible; and who can abide it? 
Therefore also now, saith the LORD, turn ye even to me with all your heart, and with fasting, and with weeping, and with mourning: 
And rend your heart, and not your garments, and turn unto the LORD your God: f
244,for me to the judgment that thou hast commanded. 
So shall the congregation of the people compass thee about: for their sakes therefore return thou on high. 
The LORD shall judge the people: judge me, O LORD, according to my righteousness, and 
256,
All that found them have devoured them: and their adversaries said, We offend not, because they have sinned against the LORD, the habitation of justice, even the LORD, the hope of their fathers. 
Remove out of the midst of Babylon, and go forth out of the
292,ey joined themselves also unto Baalpeor, and ate the sacrifices of the dead. 
Thus they provoked him to anger with their inventions: and the plague brake in upon them. 
Then stood up Phinehas, and executed judgment: and so the plague was stayed. 
And that was counted unto him for righteousne
244,, whither ye go over Jordan to possess it. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses that selfsame day, saying, 
Get thee up into this mountain Abarim, unto mount Nebo, which is in the land of Moab, that is over against Jericho; and behold the land of Can
360,y hands also will I lift up unto thy commandments, which I have loved; and I will meditate in thy statutes. 
Remember the word unto thy servant, upon which thou hast caused me to hope. 
This is my comfort in my affliction: for thy word hath quickened me. 
The proud have had me greatly in derision: yet have I not declined from thy law. 
I remembered thy judgm
328, all his wondrous works. 
Glory ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the LORD. 
Seek the LORD, and his strength: seek his face evermore. 
Remember his marvellous works that he hath done; his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth; 
O ye seed of Abraham his servant, ye children of Jacob his chosen. 
He 
255, and gladness for the upright in heart. 
Rejoice in the LORD, ye righteous; and give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness. 
O sing unto the LORD a new song; for he hath done marvellous things: his right hand, and his holy arm, hath gotten him the vic
333, toward us to cease. 
Wilt thou be angry with us for ever? wilt thou draw out thine anger to all generations? 
Wilt thou not revive us again: that thy people may rejoice in thee? 
Shew us thy mercy, O LORD, and grant us thy salvation. 
I will hear what God the LORD will speak: for he will speak peace unto his people, and to his sai
344,
And Cainan lived after he begat Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years, and begat sons and daughters: 
And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and ten years: and he died. 
And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared: 
And Mahalaleel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters:
307,e be spread in the walls of the house; 
Then the priest shall command that they take away the stones in which the plague is, and they shall cast them into an unclean place without the city: 
And he shall cause the house to be scraped within round about, and they shall pour out the dust that they scrape off
284,e gift bestowed upon us by the means of many persons thanks may be given by many on our behalf. 
For our rejoicing is this, the testimony of our conscience, that in simplicity and godly sincerity, not with fleshly wisdom, but by the grace of God, we have had our conversation in the w
285, that thou wilt manifest thyself unto us, and not unto the world? 
Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him. 
He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings: and the wor
287,in the midst of my people. 
But if they will not obey, I will utterly pluck up and destroy that nation, saith the LORD. 
Thus saith the LORD unto me, Go and get thee a linen girdle, and put it upon thy loins, and put it not in water. 
So I got a girdle according to the word of the LORD,
323,ed among themselves, who should be the greatest. 
And he sat down, and called the twelve, and saith unto them, If any man desire to be first, the same shall be last of all, and servant of all. 
And he took a child, and set him in the midst of them: and when he had taken him in his arms, he said unto them, 
Whosoever shall
342, so shall he do for the tabernacle of the congregation, that remaineth among them in the midst of their uncleanness. 
And there shall be no man in the tabernacle of the congregation when he goeth in to make an atonement in the holy place, until he come out, and have made an atonement for himself, and for his household, and for all the congr
262,e: yet neither shalt thou mourn nor weep, neither shall thy tears run down. 
Forbear to cry, make no mourning for the dead, bind the tire of thine head upon thee, and put on thy shoes upon thy feet, and cover not thy lips, and eat not the bread of men. 
So I spa
355,unto them, We cannot do this thing, to give our sister to one that is uncircumcised; for that were a reproach unto us: 
But in this will we consent unto you: If ye will be as we be, that every male of you be circumcised; 
Then will we give our daughters unto you, and we will take your daughters to us, and we will dwell with you, and we will become one p
243,oab, But howsoever, let me, I pray thee, also run after Cushi. And Joab said, Wherefore wilt thou run, my son, seeing that thou hast no tidings ready? 
But howsoever, said he, let me run. And he said unto him, Run. Then Ahimaaz ran by the way 
260, fields. 
And Jacob fled into the country of Syria, and Israel served for a wife, and for a wife he kept sheep. 
And by a prophet the LORD brought Israel out of Egypt, and by a prophet was he preserved. 
Ephraim provoked him to anger most bitterly: therefore s
331, porters keeping the ward at the thresholds of the gates. 
These were in the days of Joiakim the son of Jeshua, the son of Jozadak, and in the days of Nehemiah the governor, and of Ezra the priest, the scribe. 
And at the dedication of the wall of Jerusalem they sought the Levites out of all their places, to bring them to Jerusal
329, shall come water out of it, that the people may drink. And Moses did so in the sight of the elders of Israel. 
And he called the name of the place Massah, and Meribah, because of the chiding of the children of Israel, and because they tempted the LORD, saying, Is the LORD among us, or not? 
Then came Amalek, and fought with Is
290, 
I counsel thee to keep the king's commandment, and that in regard of the oath of God. 
Be not hasty to go out of his sight: stand not in an evil thing; for he doeth whatsoever pleaseth him. 
Where the word of a king is, there is power: and who may say unto him, What doest thou? 
Whoso ke
269,y: let nothing of her be left. 
Slay all her bullocks; let them go down to the slaughter: woe unto them! for their day is come, the time of their visitation. 
The voice of them that flee and escape out of the land of Babylon, to declare in Zion the vengeance of the LOR
352,d of the wheels, and of the chariots, when he shall enter into thy gates, as men enter into a city wherein is made a breach. 
With the hoofs of his horses shall he tread down all thy streets: he shall slay thy people by the sword, and thy strong garrisons shall go down to the ground. 
And they shall make a spoil of thy riches, and make a prey of thy 
242, to enter into the kingdom of God. 
When his disciples heard it, they were exceedingly amazed, saying, Who then can be saved? 
But Jesus beheld them, and said unto them, With men this is impossible; but with God all things are possible. 
Then
345,children of Israel the second time. 
And Joshua made him sharp knives, and circumcised the children of Israel at the hill of the foreskins. 
And this is the cause why Joshua did circumcise: All the people that came out of Egypt, that were males, even all the men of war, died in the wilderness by the way, after they came out of Egypt. 
Now all 
328,the confidence and the rejoicing of the hope firm unto the end. 
Wherefore (as the Holy Ghost saith, To day if ye will hear his voice, 
Harden not your hearts, as in the provocation, in the day of temptation in the wilderness: 
When your fathers tempted me, proved me, and saw my works forty years. 
Wherefore I was grieved with
248,ciples of the Pharisees; but thine eat and drink? 
And he said unto them, Can ye make the children of the bridechamber fast, while the bridegroom is with them? 
But the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them, and then sha
241, their fathers, were bands of soldiers for war, six and thirty thousand men: for they had many wives and sons. 
And their brethren among all the families of Issachar were valiant men of might, reckoned in all by their genealogies fourscore a
301, all things which are appointed for thee to do. 
And when I could not see for the glory of that light, being led by the hand of them that were with me, I came into Damascus. 
And one Ananias, a devout man according to the law, having a good report of all the Jews which dwelt there, 
Came unto me, and
284,ias said before, Except the Lord of Sabaoth had left us a seed, we had been as Sodoma, and been made like unto Gomorrha. 
What shall we say then? That the Gentiles, which followed not after righteousness, have attained to righteousness, even the righteousness which is of faith. 
But 
359,to put him to death: 
And when they had bound him, they led him away, and delivered him to Pontius Pilate the governor. 
Then Judas, which had betrayed him, when he saw that he was condemned, repented himself, and brought again the thirty pieces of silver to the chief priests and elders, 
Saying, I have sinned in that I have betrayed the innocent blood. And
273,and your little ones. And he comforted them, and spake kindly unto them. 
And Joseph dwelt in Egypt, he, and his father's house: and Joseph lived an hundred and ten years. 
And Joseph saw Ephraim's children of the third generation: the children also of Machir the son of Ma
266,ah, and Aphekah, 
And Humtah, and Kirjatharba, which is Hebron, and Zior; nine cities with their villages: 
Maon, Carmel, and Ziph, and Juttah, 
And Jezreel, and Jokdeam, and Zanoah, 
Cain, Gibeah, and Timnah; ten cities with their villages: 
Halhul, Bethzur, and Ge
310,e repented him of the evil, and said to the angel that destroyed, It is enough, stay now thine hand. And the angel of the LORD stood by the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite. 
And David lifted up his eyes, and saw the angel of the LORD stand between the earth and the heaven, having a drawn sword in his han
254,ervants, by night, and smote them, and pursued them unto Hobah, which is on the left hand of Damascus. 
And he brought back all the goods, and also brought again his brother Lot, and his goods, and the women also, and the people. 
And the king of Sodom w
326,ll not be far off, and my salvation shall not tarry: and I will place salvation in Zion for Israel my glory. 
Come down, and sit in the dust, O virgin daughter of Babylon, sit on the ground: there is no throne, O daughter of the Chaldeans: for thou shalt no more be called tender and delicate. 
Take the millstones, and grind 
293,n the fierceness of his anger? his fury is poured out like fire, and the rocks are thrown down by him. 
The LORD is good, a strong hold in the day of trouble; and he knoweth them that trust in him. 
But with an overrunning flood he will make an utter end of the place thereof, and darkness sha
357,ed, he threatened not; but committed himself to him that judgeth righteously: 
Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed. 
For ye were as sheep going astray; but are now returned unto the Shepherd and Bishop of your souls. 
Likewise, ye wives, be
309,r's commandment: notwithstanding I have spoken unto you, rising early and speaking; but ye hearkened not unto me. 
I have sent also unto you all my servants the prophets, rising up early and sending them, saying, Return ye now every man from his evil way, and amend your doings, and go not after other gods to
283, to and fro? and who hath brought up these? Behold, I was left alone; these, where had they been? 
Thus saith the Lord GOD, Behold, I will lift up mine hand to the Gentiles, and set up my standard to the people: and they shall bring thy sons in their arms, and thy daughters shall be
317,e found them sleeping for sorrow, 
And said unto them, Why sleep ye? rise and pray, lest ye enter into temptation. 
And while he yet spake, behold a multitude, and he that was called Judas, one of the twelve, went before them, and drew near unto Jesus to kiss him. 
But Jesus said unto him, Judas, betrayest thou the 
263, the God of your father spake unto me yesternight, saying, Take thou heed that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad. 
And now, though thou wouldest needs be gone, because thou sore longedst after thy father's house, yet wherefore hast thou stolen my gods? 

357,lovest thou me? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my sheep. 
He saith unto him the third time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third time, Lovest thou me? And he said unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith unt
326,nd watered the flock. 
And he said unto his daughters, And where is he? why is it that ye have left the man? call him, that he may eat bread. 
And Moses was content to dwell with the man: and he gave Moses Zipporah his daughter. 
And she bare him a son, and he called his name Gershom: for he said, I have been a stranger in a
246,e shall be comforted in Jerusalem. 
And when ye see this, your heart shall rejoice, and your bones shall flourish like an herb: and the hand of the LORD shall be known toward his servants, and his indignation toward his enemies. 
For, behold, the
292,er of beasts that go on all four, those are unclean unto you: whoso toucheth their carcase shall be unclean until the even. 
And he that beareth the carcase of them shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: they are unclean unto you. 
These also shall be unclean unto you among t
349,my people is become cruel, like the ostriches in the wilderness. 
The tongue of the sucking child cleaveth to the roof of his mouth for thirst: the young children ask bread, and no man breaketh it unto them. 
They that did feed delicately are desolate in the streets: they that were brought up in scarlet embrace dunghills. 
For the punishment of th
307, LORD: and the LORD strengthened Eglon the king of Moab against Israel, because they had done evil in the sight of the LORD. 
And he gathered unto him the children of Ammon and Amalek, and went and smote Israel, and possessed the city of palm trees. 
So the children of Israel served Eglon the king of Moab 
319,e king? 
And the king said unto him, Why speakest thou any more of thy matters? I have said, Thou and Ziba divide the land. 
And Mephibosheth said unto the king, Yea, let him take all, forasmuch as my lord the king is come again in peace unto his own house. 
And Barzillai the Gileadite came down from Rogelim, and went
282,ailed away from Philippi after the days of unleavened bread, and came unto them to Troas in five days; where we abode seven days. 
And upon the first day of the week, when the disciples came together to break bread, Paul preached unto them, ready to depart on the morrow; and contin
325,reasure of the heart bringeth forth good things: and an evil man out of the evil treasure bringeth forth evil things. 
But I say unto you, That every idle word that men shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment. 
For by thy words thou shalt be justified, and by thy words thou shalt be condemned. 
T
307, army, and came to Shiloh the same day with his clothes rent, and with earth upon his head. 
And when he came, lo, Eli sat upon a seat by the wayside watching: for his heart trembled for the ark of God. And when the man came into the city, and told it, all the city cried out. 
And when Eli heard the noise 
273,arisees and scribes murmured, saying, This man receiveth sinners, and eateth with them. 
And he spake this parable unto them, saying, 
What man of you, having an hundred sheep, if he lose one of them, doth not leave the ninety and nine in the wilderness, and go after that 
273,ts. 
And against the wall of the house he built chambers round about, against the walls of the house round about, both of the temple and of the oracle: and he made chambers round about: 
The nethermost chamber was five cubits broad, and the middle was six cubits broad, and
334,he height of the cedars, and he was strong as the oaks; yet I destroyed his fruit from above, and his roots from beneath. 
Also I brought you up from the land of Egypt, and led you forty years through the wilderness, to possess the land of the Amorite. 
And I raised up of your sons for prophets, and of your young men for Nazarites. 
336,e will not yet fear the LORD God. 
And the flax and the barley was smitten: for the barley was in the ear, and the flax was bolled. 
But the wheat and the rie were not smitten: for they were not grown up. 
And Moses went out of the city from Pharaoh, and spread abroad his hands unto the LORD: and the thunders and hail ceased, and the 
298, and the platter; but your inward part is full of ravening and wickedness. 
Ye fools, did not he that made that which is without make that which is within also? 
But rather give alms of such things as ye have; and, behold, all things are clean unto you. 
But woe unto you, Pharisees! for ye tithe m
316,at great city Babylon, that mighty city! for in one hour is thy judgment come. 
And the merchants of the earth shall weep and mourn over her; for no man buyeth their merchandise any more: 
The merchandise of gold, and silver, and precious stones, and of pearls, and fine linen, and purple, and silk, and scarlet, and
262,o the city, there shall a man meet you, bearing a pitcher of water; follow him into the house where he entereth in. 
And ye shall say unto the goodman of the house, The Master saith unto thee, Where is the guestchamber, where I shall eat the passover with my dis
263, in the field, let him likewise not return back. 
Remember Lot's wife. 
Whosoever shall seek to save his life shall lose it; and whosoever shall lose his life shall preserve it. 
I tell you, in that night there shall be two men in one bed; the one shall be taken,
352,own to the LORD, not day, nor night: but it shall come to pass, that at evening time it shall be light. 
And it shall be in that day, that living waters shall go out from Jerusalem; half of them toward the former sea, and half of them toward the hinder sea: in summer and in winter shall it be. 
And the LORD shall be king over all the earth: in that d
244,u must die: call Joshua, and present yourselves in the tabernacle of the congregation, that I may give him a charge. And Moses and Joshua went, and presented themselves in the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And the LORD appeared in the tabern
310, when he was in Jerusalem at the passover, in the feast day, many believed in his name, when they saw the miracles which he did. 
But Jesus did not commit himself unto them, because he knew all men, 
And needed not that any should testify of man: for he knew what was in man. 
There was a man of the Pharisees,
355,, and against the inhabitants thereof, and humbledst thyself before me, and didst rend thy clothes, and weep before me; I have even heard thee also, saith the LORD. 
Behold, I will gather thee to thy fathers, and thou shalt be gathered to thy grave in peace, neither shall thine eyes see all the evil that I will bring upon this place, and upon the inhabi
268,he number of the burnt offerings, which the congregation brought, was threescore and ten bullocks, an hundred rams, and two hundred lambs: all these were for a burnt offering to the LORD. 
And the consecrated things were six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep. 
But
272, him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day. 
The Jews then murmured at him, because he said, I am the bread which came down from heaven. 
And they said, Is not this Jesus, the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? how is it then tha
314,r the righteous, and the transgressor for the upright. 
It is better to dwell in the wilderness, than with a contentious and an angry woman. 
There is treasure to be desired and oil in the dwelling of the wise; but a foolish man spendeth it up. 
He that followeth after righteousness and mercy findeth life, righte
343,alt make it; of gold, of blue, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of fine twined linen, shalt thou make it. 
Foursquare it shall be being doubled; a span shall be the length thereof, and a span shall be the breadth thereof. 
And thou shalt set in it settings of stones, even four rows of stones: the first row shall be a sardius, a topaz, and 
344,or of the tabernacle of the congregation: and there eat it with the bread that is in the basket of consecrations, as I commanded, saying, Aaron and his sons shall eat it. 
And that which remaineth of the flesh and of the bread shall ye burn with fire. 
And ye shall not go out of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation in seven days, un
359,d it was Manasseh's, and the sea is his border; and they met together in Asher on the north, and in Issachar on the east. 
And Manasseh had in Issachar and in Asher Bethshean and her towns, and Ibleam and her towns, and the inhabitants of Dor and her towns, and the inhabitants of Endor and her towns, and the inhabitants of Taanach and her towns, and the inh
273,d shall be in the midst of the land; thou shalt be no more remembered: for I the LORD have spoken it. 
Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Now, thou son of man, wilt thou judge, wilt thou judge the bloody city? yea, thou shalt shew her all her abominations
339,e strong wine to be poured unto the LORD for a drink offering. 
And the other lamb shalt thou offer at even: as the meat offering of the morning, and as the drink offering thereof, thou shalt offer it, a sacrifice made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD. 
And on the sabbath day two lambs of the first year without spot, and two tent
242,unholy, and between unclean and clean; 
And that ye may teach the children of Israel all the statutes which the LORD hath spoken unto them by the hand of Moses. 
And Moses spake unto Aaron, and unto Eleazar and unto Ithamar, his sons that wer
265,el mine elect, I have even called thee by thy name: I have surnamed thee, though thou hast not known me. 
I am the LORD, and there is none else, there is no God beside me: I girded thee, though thou hast not known me: 
That they may know from the rising of the sun,
276,a sacrifice to God for a sweetsmelling savour. 
But fornication, and all uncleanness, or covetousness, let it not be once named among you, as becometh saints; 
Neither filthiness, nor foolish talking, nor jesting, which are not convenient: but rather giving of thanks. 
For th
264,r righteousness: for they shall be filled. 
Blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy. 
Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God. 
Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God. 
Blessed are they which are perse
273,ne indignation and thy wrath: for thou hast lifted me up, and cast me down. 
My days are like a shadow that declineth; and I am withered like grass. 
But thou, O LORD, shall endure for ever; and thy remembrance unto all generations. 
Thou shalt arise, and have mercy upon Z
278,ow knoweth this man letters, having never learned? 
Jesus answered them, and said, My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me. 
If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself. 
He that speaketh of himself seeket
280, brake, and gave the loaves to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude. 
And they did all eat, and were filled: and they took up of the fragments that remained twelve baskets full. 
And they that had eaten were about five thousand men, beside women and children. 
And st
313,e like gift as he did unto us, who believed on the Lord Jesus Christ; what was I, that I could withstand God? 
When they heard these things, they held their peace, and glorified God, saying, Then hath God also to the Gentiles granted repentance unto life. 
Now they which were scattered abroad upon the persecutio
249,r a man to utter. 
Of such an one will I glory: yet of myself I will not glory, but in mine infirmities. 
For though I would desire to glory, I shall not be a fool; for I will say the truth: but now I forbear, lest any man should think of me above t
242,e rest of the oil that is in his hand shall the priest put upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot, upon the blood of the trespass offering: 

295,l did evil in the sight of the LORD, and forgat the LORD their God, and served Baalim and the groves. 
Therefore the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel, and he sold them into the hand of Chushanrishathaim king of Mesopotamia: and the children of Israel served Chushanrishathaim eight years
341, call the sabbath a delight, the holy of the LORD, honourable; and shalt honour him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words: 
Then shalt thou delight thyself in the LORD; and I will cause thee to ride upon the high places of the earth, and feed thee with the heritage of Jacob thy father: for 
270,e of hope in our Lord Jesus Christ, in the sight of God and our Father; 
Knowing, brethren beloved, your election of God. 
For our gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power, and in the Holy Ghost, and in much assurance; as ye know what manner of men we we
328,ly. 
For scarcely for a righteous man will one die: yet peradventure for a good man some would even dare to die. 
But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. 
Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him. 
For if, when we were enem
344, and the raging of the water: and they ceased, and there was a calm. 
And he said unto them, Where is your faith? And they being afraid wondered, saying one to another, What manner of man is this! for he commandeth even the winds and water, and they obey him. 
And they arrived at the country of the Gadarenes, which is over against Galilee. 
A
305,aints be joyful in glory: let them sing aloud upon their beds. 
Let the high praises of God be in their mouth, and a two-edged sword in their hand; 
To execute vengeance upon the heathen, and punishments upon the people; 
To bind their kings with chains, and their nobles with fetters of iron; 
To execute
302,od our Saviour in all things. 
For the grace of God that bringeth salvation hath appeared to all men, 
Teaching us that, denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we should live soberly, righteously, and godly, in this present world; 
Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great
343,tones at an hair breadth, and not miss. 
And the men of Israel, beside Benjamin, were numbered four hundred thousand men that drew sword: all these were men of war. 
And the children of Israel arose, and went up to the house of God, and asked counsel of God, and said, Which of us shall go up first to the battle against the children of Benjam
320,s; and I will execute judgments in thee, and the whole remnant of thee will I scatter into all the winds. 
Wherefore, as I live, saith the Lord GOD; Surely, because thou hast defiled my sanctuary with all thy detestable things, and with all thine abominations, therefore will I also diminish thee; neither shall mine eye
276,our Lord is salvation; even as our beloved brother Paul also according to the wisdom given unto him hath written unto you; 
As also in all his epistles, speaking in them of these things; in which are some things hard to be understood, which they that are unlearned and unstabl
337,fering, and come before him: worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness. 
Fear before him, all the earth: the world also shall be stable, that it be not moved. 
Let the heavens be glad, and let the earth rejoice: and let men say among the nations, The LORD reigneth. 
Let the sea roar, and the fulness thereof: let the fields rejoice, an
308, sent to let you go: now therefore depart, and go in peace. 
But Paul said unto them, They have beaten us openly uncondemned, being Romans, and have cast us into prison; and now do they thrust us out privily? nay verily; but let them come themselves and fetch us out. 
And the serjeants told these words unto
287,ll consume; into smoke shall they consume away. 
The wicked borroweth, and payeth not again: but the righteous sheweth mercy, and giveth. 
For such as be blessed of him shall inherit the earth; and they that be cursed of him shall be cut off. 
The steps of a good man are ordered by the 
266,s hand unto his neighbour's goods. 
For all manner of trespass, whether it be for ox, for ass, for sheep, for raiment, or for any manner of lost thing which another challengeth to be his, the cause of both parties shall come before the judges; and whom the judges sh
306,m certain lewd fellows of the baser sort, and gathered a company, and set all the city on an uproar, and assaulted the house of Jason, and sought to bring them out to the people. 
And when they found them not, they drew Jason and certain brethren unto the rulers of the city, crying, These that have turned
321,edicines; for thou shalt not be cured. 
The nations have heard of thy shame, and thy cry hath filled the land: for the mighty man hath stumbled against the mighty, and they are fallen both together. 
The word that the LORD spake to Jeremiah the prophet, how Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon should come and smite the land o
314,at the flesh of your sons, and the flesh of your daughters shall ye eat. 
And I will destroy your high places, and cut down your images, and cast your carcases upon the carcases of your idols, and my soul shall abhor you. 
And I will make your cities waste, and bring your sanctuaries unto desolation, and I will n
341, in hither to night of the children of Israel to search out the country. 
And the king of Jericho sent unto Rahab, saying, Bring forth the men that are come to thee, which are entered into thine house: for they be come to search out all the country. 
And the woman took the two men, and hid them, and said thus, There came men unto me, but I
310,. 
While the Pharisees were gathered together, Jesus asked them, 
Saying, What think ye of Christ? whose son is he? They say unto him, The son of David. 
He saith unto them, How then doth David in spirit call him Lord, saying, 
The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, till I make thine enemies t
318,dlingband for it, 
And brake up for it my decreed place, and set bars and doors, 
And said, Hitherto shalt thou come, but no further: and here shall thy proud waves be stayed? 
Hast thou commanded the morning since thy days; and caused the dayspring to know his place; 
That it might take hold of the ends of the earth
286,Am I a dog's head, which against Judah do shew kindness this day unto the house of Saul thy father, to his brethren, and to his friends, and have not delivered thee into the hand of David, that thou chargest me to day with a fault concerning this woman? 
So do God to Abner, and more al
251, feet: and David and his men remained in the sides of the cave. 
And the men of David said unto him, Behold the day of which the LORD said unto thee, Behold, I will deliver thine enemy into thine hand, that thou mayest do to him as it shall seem good 
293,days in which men ought to work: in them therefore come and be healed, and not on the sabbath day. 
The Lord then answered him, and said, Thou hypocrite, doth not each one of you on the sabbath loose his ox or his ass from the stall, and lead him away to watering? 
And ought not this woman, b
326,without the camp. 
And Moses was wroth with the officers of the host, with the captains over thousands, and captains over hundreds, which came from the battle. 
And Moses said unto them, Have ye saved all the women alive? 
Behold, these caused the children of Israel, through the counsel of Balaam, to commit trespass against 
270,, or is made weak. 
Hast thou faith? have it to thyself before God. Happy is he that condemneth not himself in that thing which he alloweth. 
And he that doubteth is damned if he eat, because he eateth not of faith: for whatsoever is not of faith is sin. 
We then that a
307,s dreams. 
And Reuben heard it, and he delivered him out of their hands; and said, Let us not kill him. 
And Reuben said unto them, Shed no blood, but cast him into this pit that is in the wilderness, and lay no hand upon him; that he might rid him out of their hands, to deliver him to his father again. 
A
257,forest, and the beasts of the field shall eat them. 
And I will visit upon her the days of Baalim, wherein she burned incense to them, and she decked herself with her earrings and her jewels, and she went after her lovers, and forgat me, saith the LORD. 
Th
325,d worshipped him. 
Then said Jesus unto them, Be not afraid: go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me. 
Now when they were going, behold, some of the watch came into the city, and shewed unto the chief priests all the things that were done. 
And when they were assembled with the elders, and
305,bits. 
So he measured the house, an hundred cubits long; and the separate place, and the building, with the walls thereof, an hundred cubits long; 
Also the breadth of the face of the house, and of the separate place toward the east, an hundred cubits. 
And he measured the length of the building over aga
333, come. 
Then Solomon offered burnt offerings unto the LORD on the altar of the LORD, which he had built before the porch, 
Even after a certain rate every day, offering according to the commandment of Moses, on the sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the solemn feasts, three times in the year, even in the feast of unleavened bre
320,hey had no leisure so much as to eat. 
And they departed into a desert place by ship privately. 
And the people saw them departing, and many knew him, and ran afoot thither out of all cities, and outwent them, and came together unto him. 
And Jesus, when he came out, saw much people, and was moved with compassion towar
281,me dwell in safety. 
Give ear to my words, O LORD, consider my meditation. 
Hearken unto the voice of my cry, my King, and my God: for unto thee will I pray. 
My voice shalt thou hear in the morning, O LORD; in the morning will I direct my prayer unto thee, and will look up. 
For 
264,made for the house of the LORD was finished: and Solomon brought in all the things that David his father had dedicated; and the silver, and the gold, and all the instruments, put he among the treasures of the house of God. 
Then Solomon assembled the elders of Isr
287,ends of the earth. 
And this man shall be the peace, when the Assyrian shall come into our land: and when he shall tread in our palaces, then shall we raise against him seven shepherds, and eight principal men. 
And they shall waste the land of Assyria with the sword, and the land of Ni
241,t I sojourn in Mesech, that I dwell in the tents of Kedar! 
My soul hath long dwelt with him that hateth peace. 
I am for peace: but when I speak, they are for war. 
I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from whence cometh my help. 
My he
329,all be unclean seven days. 
And for an unclean person they shall take of the ashes of the burnt heifer of purification for sin, and running water shall be put thereto in a vessel: 
And a clean person shall take hyssop, and dip it in the water, and sprinkle it upon the tent, and upon all the vessels, and upon the persons that we
328, mighty through God to the pulling down of strong holds;) 
Casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ; 
And having in a readiness to revenge all disobedience, when your obedience is fulfilled. 
Do ye loo
274,ot for the king's profit to suffer them. 
If it please the king, let it be written that they may be destroyed: and I will pay ten thousand talents of silver to the hands of those that have the charge of the business, to bring it into the king's treasuries. 
And the king too
333,s a man taketh away dung, till it be all gone. 
Him that dieth of Jeroboam in the city shall the dogs eat; and him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat: for the LORD hath spoken it. 
Arise thou therefore, get thee to thine own house: and when thy feet enter into the city, the child shall die. 
And all Israel shall
304, 
So all the people that Ishmael had carried away captive from Mizpah cast about and returned, and went unto Johanan the son of Kareah. 
But Ishmael the son of Nethaniah escaped from Johanan with eight men, and went to the Ammonites. 
Then took Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forc
335,ow I see. 
Then said they to him again, What did he to thee? how opened he thine eyes? 
He answered them, I have told you already, and ye did not hear: wherefore would ye hear it again? will ye also be his disciples? 
Then they reviled him, and said, Thou art his disciple; but we are Moses' disciples. 
We know that God spake unto Mos
311,n with thee? 
And David said unto Ahimelech the priest, The king hath commanded me a business, and hath said unto me, Let no man know any thing of the business whereabout I send thee, and what I have commanded thee: and I have appointed my servants to such and such a place. 
Now therefore what is under thine h
295,; they have forsaken me the fountain of living waters, and hewed them out cisterns, broken cisterns, that can hold no water. 
Is Israel a servant? is he a homeborn slave? why is he spoiled? 
The young lions roared upon him, and yelled, and they made his land waste: his cities are burned without
268,man's mouth are gracious; but the lips of a fool will swallow up himself. 
The beginning of the words of his mouth is foolishness: and the end of his talk is mischievous madness. 
A fool also is full of words: a man cannot tell what shall be; and what shall be after h
296,, a king of kings, from the north, with horses, and with chariots, and with horsemen, and companies, and much people. 
He shall slay with the sword thy daughters in the field: and he shall make a fort against thee, and cast a mount against thee, and lift up the buckler against thee. 
And he shal
311,all the remnant of Judah, that are gone into the land of Egypt to sojourn there, shall know whose words shall stand, mine, or their's. 
And this shall be a sign unto you, saith the LORD, that I will punish you in this place, that ye may know that my words shall surely stand against you for evil: 
Thus saith th
325, because it was desolate, so will I do unto thee: thou shalt be desolate, O mount Seir, and all Idumea, even all of it: and they shall know that I am the LORD. 
Also, thou son of man, prophesy unto the mountains of Israel, and say, Ye mountains of Israel, hear the word of the LORD: 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because the enem
288,, All that the LORD speaketh, that I must do? 
And Balak said unto Balaam, Come, I pray thee, I will bring thee unto another place; peradventure it will please God that thou mayest curse me them from thence. 
And Balak brought Balaam unto the top of Peor, that looketh toward jeshimon. 
A
285,u shalt lay them up in the tabernacle of the congregation before the testimony, where I will meet with you. 
And it shall come to pass, that the man's rod, whom I shall choose, shall blossom: and I will make to cease from me the murmurings of the children of Israel, whereby they murmu
355,om, neither let the mighty man glory in his might, let not the rich man glory in his riches: 
But let him that glorieth glory in this, that he understandeth and knoweth me, that I am the LORD which exercise lovingkindness, judgment, and righteousness, in the earth: for in these things I delight, saith the LORD. 
Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, th
250,and he that reapeth may rejoice together. 
And herein is that saying true, One soweth, and another reapeth. 
I sent you to reap that whereon ye bestowed no labour: other men laboured, and ye are entered into their labours. 
And many of the Samaritans
274,ide Jordan. 
But take diligent heed to do the commandment and the law, which Moses the servant of the LORD charged you, to love the LORD your God, and to walk in all his ways, and to keep his commandments, and to cleave unto him, and to serve him with all your heart and wit
303,headbands, and the tablets, and the earrings, 
The rings, and nose jewels, 
The changeable suits of apparel, and the mantles, and the wimples, and the crisping pins, 
The glasses, and the fine linen, and the hoods, and the vails. 
And it shall come to pass, that instead of sweet smell there shall be st
270, a recompence in the same, (I speak as unto my children,) be ye also enlarged. 
Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with darkness? 
And what concord hath Christ w
249,f your fathers; for ye shall not prosper. 
But Jeroboam caused an ambushment to come about behind them: so they were before Judah, and the ambushment was behind them. 
And when Judah looked back, behold, the battle was before and behind: and they cr
340,lders of Israel said, Wherefore hath the LORD smitten us to day before the Philistines? Let us fetch the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of Shiloh unto us, that, when it cometh among us, it may save us out of the hand of our enemies. 
So the people sent to Shiloh, that they might bring from thence the ark of the covenant of the LORD o
286,es, and brought him down to Gaza, and bound him with fetters of brass; and he did grind in the prison house. 
Howbeit the hair of his head began to grow again after he was shaven. 
Then the lords of the Philistines gathered them together for to offer a great sacrifice unto Dagon their 
277,aid, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all thy mind; and thy neighbour as thyself. 
And he said unto him, Thou hast answered right: this do, and thou shalt live. 
But he, willing to justify himself, 
357,ss before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy, 
To the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen. 
The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John: 
Who bare 
251,ed the Jews, and that publickly, shewing by the scriptures that Jesus was Christ. 
And it came to pass, that, while Apollos was at Corinth, Paul having passed through the upper coasts came to Ephesus: and finding certain disciples, 
He said unto them,
337, defenced. 
For the king of Babylon stood at the parting of the way, at the head of the two ways, to use divination: he made his arrows bright, he consulted with images, he looked in the liver. 
At his right hand was the divination for Jerusalem, to appoint captains, to open the mouth in the slaughter, to lift up the voice with shoutin
339,a dog, that thou comest to me with staves? And the Philistine cursed David by his gods. 
And the Philistine said to David, Come to me, and I will give thy flesh unto the fowls of the air, and to the beasts of the field. 
Then said David to the Philistine, Thou comest to me with a sword, and with a spear, and with a shield: but I come to 
345,d said unto him, Is there yet any portion or inheritance for us in our father's house? 
Are we not counted of him strangers? for he hath sold us, and hath quite devoured also our money. 
For all the riches which God hath taken from our father, that is ours, and our children's: now then, whatsoever God hath said unto thee, do. 
Then Jacob rose 
322,venant, 
And hath gone and served other gods, and worshipped them, either the sun, or moon, or any of the host of heaven, which I have not commanded; 
And it be told thee, and thou hast heard of it, and enquired diligently, and, behold, it be true, and the thing certain, that such abomination is wrought in Israel: 
Then 
273,n the tabernacle of the congregation without the vail, which is before the testimony, Aaron and his sons shall order it from evening to morning before the LORD: it shall be a statute for ever unto their generations on the behalf of the children of Israel. 
And take thou un
256,t continue thou in the things which thou hast learned and hast been assured of, knowing of whom thou hast learned them; 
And that from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Ch
309,n teaching; 
Or he that exhorteth, on exhortation: he that giveth, let him do it with simplicity; he that ruleth, with diligence; he that sheweth mercy, with cheerfulness. 
Let love be without dissimulation. Abhor that which is evil; cleave to that which is good. 
Be kindly affectioned one to another with br
323, of Israel, in the day that he anointed them, by a statute for ever throughout their generations. 
This is the law of the burnt offering, of the meat offering, and of the sin offering, and of the trespass offering, and of the consecrations, and of the sacrifice of the peace offerings; 
Which the LORD commanded Moses in mo
269,l, the sound of the trumpet, the alarm of war. 
Destruction upon destruction is cried; for the whole land is spoiled: suddenly are my tents spoiled, and my curtains in a moment. 
How long shall I see the standard, and hear the sound of the trumpet? 
For my people is fo
349,will not trust in my bow, neither shall my sword save me. 
But thou hast saved us from our enemies, and hast put them to shame that hated us. 
In God we boast all the day long, and praise thy name for ever. Selah. 
But thou hast cast off, and put us to shame; and goest not forth with our armies. 
Thou makest us to turn back from the enemy: and the
268,els, which are greater in power and might, bring not railing accusation against them before the Lord. 
But these, as natural brute beasts, made to be taken and destroyed, speak evil of the things that they understand not; and shall utterly perish in their own corrupti
324,see the sword, neither shall ye have famine; but I will give you assured peace in this place. 
Then the LORD said unto me, The prophets prophesy lies in my name: I sent them not, neither have I commanded them, neither spake unto them: they prophesy unto you a false vision and divination, and a thing of nought, and the dece
289,h the LORD, the God of Israel, unto thee, O Baruch: 
Thou didst say, Woe is me now! for the LORD hath added grief to my sorrow; I fainted in my sighing, and I find no rest. 
Thus shalt thou say unto him, The LORD saith thus; Behold, that which I have built will I break down, and that whic
294,dden him saw it, he spake within himself, saying, This man, if he were a prophet, would have known who and what manner of woman this is that toucheth him: for she is a sinner. 
And Jesus answering said unto him, Simon, I have somewhat to say unto thee. And he saith, Master, say on. 
There was 
246, damsel that is a virgin, which is not betrothed, and lay hold on her, and lie with her, and they be found; 
Then the man that lay with her shall give unto the damsel's father fifty shekels of silver, and she shall be his wife; because he hath hu
249,le. 
Thus dwelt Esau in mount Seir: Esau is Edom. 
And these are the generations of Esau the father of the Edomites in mount Seir: 
These are the names of Esau's sons; Eliphaz the son of Adah the wife of Esau, Reuel the son of Bashemath the wife of 
329, Israel; Ye have seen all the evil that I have brought upon Jerusalem, and upon all the cities of Judah; and, behold, this day they are a desolation, and no man dwelleth therein, 
Because of their wickedness which they have committed to provoke me to anger, in that they went to burn incense, and to serve other gods, whom they k
316,e; strength and gladness are in his place. 
Give unto the LORD, ye kindreds of the people, give unto the LORD glory and strength. 
Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name: bring an offering, and come before him: worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness. 
Fear before him, all the earth: the world also shall
285,ness of thy mother, shalt thou not uncover: she is thy mother; thou shalt not uncover her nakedness. 
The nakedness of thy father's wife shalt thou not uncover: it is thy father's nakedness. 
The nakedness of thy sister, the daughter of thy father, or daughter of thy mother, whether s
284, saved, and to come unto the knowledge of the truth. 
For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus; 
Who gave himself a ransom for all, to be testified in due time. 
Whereunto I am ordained a preacher, and an apostle, (I speak the truth in Christ, 
294,e sin offering, where they shall bake the meat offering; that they bear them not out into the utter court, to sanctify the people. 
Then he brought me forth into the utter court, and caused me to pass by the four corners of the court; and, behold, in every corner of the court there was a court
334,e arrow that flieth by day; 
Nor for the pestilence that walketh in darkness; nor for the destruction that wasteth at noonday. 
A thousand shall fall at thy side, and ten thousand at thy right hand; but it shall not come nigh thee. 
Only with thine eyes shalt thou behold and see the reward of the wicked. 
Because thou hast made the 
292,d Jesus walked in the temple in Solomon's porch. 
Then came the Jews round about him, and said unto him, How long dost thou make us to doubt? If thou be the Christ, tell us plainly. 
Jesus answered them, I told you, and ye believed not: the works that I do in my Father's name, they bear witn
316, help Lachish; and Joshua smote him and his people, until he had left him none remaining. 
And from Lachish Joshua passed unto Eglon, and all Israel with him; and they encamped against it, and fought against it: 
And they took it on that day, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were ther
320,ny man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book: 
And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book. 
He which
331,e great sea over against Lebanon, the Hittite, and the Amorite, the Canaanite, the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite, heard thereof; 
That they gathered themselves together, to fight with Joshua and with Israel, with one accord. 
And when the inhabitants of Gibeon heard what Joshua had done unto Jericho and to Ai, 
They did
333,u forth out of the iron furnace, even out of Egypt, to be unto him a people of inheritance, as ye are this day. 
Furthermore the LORD was angry with me for your sakes, and sware that I should not go over Jordan, and that I should not go in unto that good land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance: 
But I must die i
301,d the smoking flax shall he not quench: he shall bring forth judgment unto truth. 
He shall not fail nor be discouraged, till he have set judgment in the earth: and the isles shall wait for his law. 
Thus saith God the LORD, he that created the heavens, and stretched them out; he that spread forth th
356,me now! for the LORD hath added grief to my sorrow; I fainted in my sighing, and I find no rest. 
Thus shalt thou say unto him, The LORD saith thus; Behold, that which I have built will I break down, and that which I have planted I will pluck up, even this whole land. 
And seekest thou great things for thyself? seek them not: for, behold, I will bring ev
249,m that be in Judaea flee to the mountains: 
And let him that is on the housetop not go down into the house, neither enter therein, to take any thing out of his house: 
And let him that is in the field not turn back again for to take up his garment. 
272,perfect way. O when wilt thou come unto me? I will walk within my house with a perfect heart. 
I will set no wicked thing before mine eyes: I hate the work of them that turn aside; it shall not cleave to me. 
A froward heart shall depart from me: I will not know a wicked 
346, that ye see: 
For I tell you, that many prophets and kings have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard them. 
And, behold, a certain lawyer stood up, and tempted him, saying, Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life? 
He said unto him, What is written 
307,le in the mouths of fools. 
The great God that formed all things both rewardeth the fool, and rewardeth transgressors. 
As a dog returneth to his vomit, so a fool returneth to his folly. 
Seest thou a man wise in his own conceit? there is more hope of a fool than of him. 
The slothful man saith, There is a
254,ch is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away. 
When I was a child, I spake as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child: but when I became a man, I put away childish things. 
For now we see through a glass, darkly; bu
310, he kill the goat of the sin offering, that is for the people, and bring his blood within the vail, and do with that blood as he did with the blood of the bullock, and sprinkle it upon the mercy seat, and before the mercy seat: 
And he shall make an atonement for the holy place, because of the uncleanness of 
251, the presence of the people. 
And the children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, and half the tribe of Manasseh, passed over armed before the children of Israel, as Moses spake unto them: 
About forty thousand prepared for war passed over before the
300, through it, hardly bestead and hungry: and it shall come to pass, that when they shall be hungry, they shall fret themselves, and curse their king and their God, and look upward. 
And they shall look unto the earth; and behold trouble and darkness, dimness of anguish; and they shall be driven to da
307,D, unto thy people Israel, whom thou hast redeemed, and lay not innocent blood unto thy people of Israel's charge. And the blood shall be forgiven them. 
So shalt thou put away the guilt of innocent blood from among you, when thou shalt do that which is right in the sight of the LORD. 
When thou goest fort
312,s shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I AM hath sent me unto you. 
And God said moreover unto Moses, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, the LORD God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath sent me unto you: this is my name for ever, and this is my 
253,seven years let ye go every man his brother an Hebrew, which hath been sold unto thee; and when he hath served thee six years, thou shalt let him go free from thee: but your fathers hearkened not unto me, neither inclined their ear. 
And ye were now tur
267,e that is faithful in that which is least is faithful also in much: and he that is unjust in the least is unjust also in much. 
If therefore ye have not been faithful in the unrighteous mammon, who will commit to your trust the true riches? 
And if ye have not been f
289,he people, and gathered them together to him in the street of the gate of the city, and spake comfortably to them, saying, 
Be strong and courageous, be not afraid nor dismayed for the king of Assyria, nor for all the multitude that is with him: for there be more with us than with him: 
W
340,ill go down and buy thee food: 
But if thou wilt not send him, we will not go down: for the man said unto us, Ye shall not see my face, except your brother be with you. 
And Israel said, Wherefore dealt ye so ill with me, as to tell the man whether ye had yet a brother? 
And they said, The man asked us straitly of our state, and of our ki
324,parable is this: The seed is the word of God. 
Those by the way side are they that hear; then cometh the devil, and taketh away the word out of their hearts, lest they should believe and be saved. 
They on the rock are they, which, when they hear, receive the word with joy; and these have no root, which for a while believe
316,some land, saith the LORD of hosts. 
Your words have been stout against me, saith the LORD. Yet ye say, What have we spoken so much against thee? 
Ye have said, It is vain to serve God: and what profit is it that we have kept his ordinance, and that we have walked mournfully before the LORD of hosts? 
And now we ca
247,law is gone back unto her people, and unto her gods: return thou after thy sister in law. 
And Ruth said, Intreat me not to leave thee, or to return from following after thee: for whither thou goest, I will go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge
292, passed over, he, and the three hundred men that were with him, faint, yet pursuing them. 
And he said unto the men of Succoth, Give, I pray you, loaves of bread unto the people that follow me; for they be faint, and I am pursuing after Zebah and Zalmunna, kings of Midian. 
And the princes o
258,ir families: of Tola, the family of the Tolaites: of Pua, the family of the Punites: 
Of Jashub, the family of the Jashubites: of Shimron, the family of the Shimronites. 
These are the families of Issachar according to those that were numbered of them, three
355,heir mothers, Where is corn and wine? when they swooned as the wounded in the streets of the city, when their soul was poured out into their mothers' bosom. 
What thing shall I take to witness for thee? what thing shall I liken to thee, O daughter of Jerusalem? what shall I equal to thee, that I may comfort thee, O virgin daughter of Zion? for thy breac
292,e that I release unto you? They said, Barabbas. 
Pilate saith unto them, What shall I do then with Jesus which is called Christ? They all say unto him, Let him be crucified. 
And the governor said, Why, what evil hath he done? But they cried out the more, saying, Let him be crucified. 
When 
272, to fight against Israel. 
And the children of Israel were numbered, and were all present, and went against them: and the children of Israel pitched before them like two little flocks of kids; but the Syrians filled the country. 
And there came a man of God, and spake unt
338, supplication unto thee, saying, Surely God is in thee; and there is none else, there is no God. 
Verily thou art a God that hidest thyself, O God of Israel, the Saviour. 
They shall be ashamed, and also confounded, all of them: they shall go to confusion together that are makers of idols. 
But Israel shall be saved in the LORD with an 
350,y speak proudly. 
They have now compassed us in our steps: they have set their eyes bowing down to the earth; 
Like as a lion that is greedy of his prey, and as it were a young lion lurking in secret places. 
Arise, O LORD, disappoint him, cast him down: deliver my soul from the wicked, which is thy sword: 
From men which are thy hand, O LORD, from
264, is delivered to the sword: draw her and all her multitudes. 
The strong among the mighty shall speak to him out of the midst of hell with them that help him: they are gone down, they lie uncircumcised, slain by the sword. 
Asshur is there and all her company: his
338,which temple ye are. 
Let no man deceive himself. If any man among you seemeth to be wise in this world, let him become a fool, that he may be wise. 
For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. For it is written, He taketh the wise in their own craftiness. 
And again, The Lord knoweth the thoughts of the wise, that they are va
273,me from Macedonia supplied: and in all things I have kept myself from being burdensome unto you, and so will I keep myself. 
As the truth of Christ is in me, no man shall stop me of this boasting in the regions of Achaia. 
Wherefore? because I love you not? God knoweth. 
B
323,ir heart while they live, and after that they go to the dead. 
For to him that is joined to all the living there is hope: for a living dog is better than a dead lion. 
For the living know that they shall die: but the dead know not any thing, neither have they any more a reward; for the memory of them is forgotten. 
Also t
338,e it between two upon a staff; and they brought of the pomegranates, and of the figs. 
The place was called the brook Eshcol, because of the cluster of grapes which the children of Israel cut down from thence. 
And they returned from searching of the land after forty days. 
And they went and came to Moses, and to Aaron, and to all the c
252,e same: all it shall be one beaten work of pure gold. 
And thou shalt make the seven lamps thereof: and they shall light the lamps thereof, that they may give light over against it. 
And the tongs thereof, and the snuffdishes thereof, shall be of pure 
307,ears old, and begat Arphaxad two years after the flood: 
And Shem lived after he begat Arphaxad five hundred years, and begat sons and daughters. 
And Arphaxad lived five and thirty years, and begat Salah: 
And Arphaxad lived after he begat Salah four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters. 
335,your brethren that are in the world. 
But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after that ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you. 
To him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen. 
By Silvanus, a faithful brother unto you, as I suppose, I have writ
257,s my transgressions unto the LORD; and thou forgavest the iniquity of my sin. Selah. 
For this shall every one that is godly pray unto thee in a time when thou mayest be found: surely in the floods of great waters they shall not come nigh unto him. 
Thou ar
248,ng water: 
As for the living bird, he shall take it, and the cedar wood, and the scarlet, and the hyssop, and shall dip them and the living bird in the blood of the bird that was killed over the running water: 
And he shall sprinkle upon him that i
326,f cedars, with masons and carpenters, to build him an house. 
And David perceived that the LORD had confirmed him king over Israel, for his kingdom was lifted up on high, because of his people Israel. 
And David took more wives at Jerusalem: and David begat more sons and daughters. 
Now these are the names of his children wh
250,he forepart of it, over against the other coupling thereof, above the curious girdle of the ephod. 
And they did bind the breastplate by his rings unto the rings of the ephod with a lace of blue, that it might be above the curious girdle of the ephod
338,Heaviness in the heart of man maketh it stoop: but a good word maketh it glad. 
The righteous is more excellent than his neighbour: but the way of the wicked seduceth them. 
The slothful man roasteth not that which he took in hunting: but the substance of a diligent man is precious. 
In the way of righteousness is life: and in the pathw
263,and said, Upon me, my lord, upon me let this iniquity be: and let thine handmaid, I pray thee, speak in thine audience, and hear the words of thine handmaid. 
Let not my lord, I pray thee, regard this man of Belial, even Nabal: for as his name is, so is he; Nabal
285,d by the border of Zebulun, from the east side unto the west side, Gad a portion. 
And by the border of Gad, at the south side southward, the border shall be even from Tamar unto the waters of strife in Kadesh, and to the river toward the great sea. 
This is the land which ye shall di
271,and true are thy ways, thou King of saints. 
Who shall not fear thee, O Lord, and glorify thy name? for thou only art holy: for all nations shall come and worship before thee; for thy judgments are made manifest. 
And after that I looked, and, behold, the temple of the t
255, the hill Gareb, and shall compass about to Goath. 
And the whole valley of the dead bodies, and of the ashes, and all the fields unto the brook of Kidron, unto the corner of the horse gate toward the east, shall be holy unto the LORD; it shall not be plu
288,and heave shoulder shall ye eat in a clean place; thou, and thy sons, and thy daughters with thee: for they be thy due, and thy sons' due, which are given out of the sacrifices of peace offerings of the children of Israel. 
The heave shoulder and the wave breast shall they bring with the
346,led against him in sending his ambassadors into Egypt, that they might give him horses and much people. Shall he prosper? shall he escape that doeth such things? or shall he break the covenant, and be delivered? 
As I live, saith the Lord GOD, surely in the place where the king dwelleth that made him king, whose oath he despised, and whose cove
312, Benaiah, princes of the people. 
Then said he unto me, Son of man, these are the men that devise mischief, and give wicked counsel in this city: 
Which say, It is not near; let us build houses: this city is the caldron, and we be the flesh. 
Therefore prophesy against them, prophesy, O son of man. 
And the Spi
343, it. 
Therefore I am full of the fury of the LORD; I am weary with holding in: I will pour it out upon the children abroad, and upon the assembly of young men together: for even the husband with the wife shall be taken, the aged with him that is full of days. 
And their houses shall be turned unto others, with their fields and wives together
325,d body of any man shall be unclean seven days. 
He shall purify himself with it on the third day, and on the seventh day he shall be clean: but if he purify not himself the third day, then the seventh day he shall not be clean. 
Whosoever toucheth the dead body of any man that is dead, and purifieth not himself, defileth th
354,ation and a snare, and into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction and perdition. 
For the love of money is the root of all evil: which while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith, and pierced themselves through with many sorrows. 
But thou, O man of God, flee these things; and follow after righteousness, godliness,
305, their mourning into joy, and will comfort them, and make them rejoice from their sorrow. 
And I will satiate the soul of the priests with fatness, and my people shall be satisfied with my goodness, saith the LORD. 
Thus saith the LORD; A voice was heard in Ramah, lamentation, and bitter weeping; Rahel w
266,n of an hundred cubits long for one side: 
And the twenty pillars thereof and their twenty sockets shall be of brass; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets shall be of silver. 
And likewise for the north side in length there shall be hangings of an hundred cubi
349, gave the body to Joseph. 
And he bought fine linen, and took him down, and wrapped him in the linen, and laid him in a sepulchre which was hewn out of a rock, and rolled a stone unto the door of the sepulchre. 
And Mary Magdalene and Mary the mother of Joses beheld where he was laid. 
And when the sabbath was past, Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mo
348,spake unto them in the cloudy pillar: they kept his testimonies, and the ordinance that he gave them. 
Thou answeredst them, O LORD our God: thou wast a God that forgavest them, though thou tookest vengeance of their inventions. 
Exalt the LORD our God, and worship at his holy hill; for the LORD our God is holy. 
Make a joyful noise unto the LORD
312,ou. 
I thought it good to shew the signs and wonders that the high God hath wrought toward me. 
How great are his signs! and how mighty are his wonders! his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and his dominion is from generation to generation. 
I Nebuchadnezzar was at rest in mine house, and flourishing in my pa
311,ed from thee. 
And they shall drive thee from men, and thy dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field: they shall make thee to eat grass as oxen, and seven times shall pass over thee, until thou know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will. 
The same hour was th
342,d to meet him. 
And his father in law, the damsel's father, retained him; and he abode with him three days: so they did eat and drink, and lodged there. 
And it came to pass on the fourth day, when they arose early in the morning, that he rose up to depart: and the damsel's father said unto his son in law, Comfort thine heart with a morsel 
288,nst the house of Jeroboam with the sword. 
Then Amaziah the priest of Bethel sent to Jeroboam king of Israel, saying, Amos hath conspired against thee in the midst of the house of Israel: the land is not able to bear all his words. 
For thus Amos saith, Jeroboam shall die by the sword, a
246,e angels were gone away from them into heaven, the shepherds said one to another, Let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and see this thing which is come to pass, which the Lord hath made known unto us. 
And they came with haste, and found Mary, and 
323, family of the Jezerites: of Shillem, the family of the Shillemites. 
These are the families of Naphtali according to their families: and they that were numbered of them were forty and five thousand and four hundred. 
These were the numbered of the children of Israel, six hundred thousand and a thousand seven hundred and 
293,there was under his feet as it were a paved work of a sapphire stone, and as it were the body of heaven in his clearness. 
And upon the nobles of the children of Israel he laid not his hand: also they saw God, and did eat and drink. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Come up to me into the mount,
335,e have already attained, let us walk by the same rule, let us mind the same thing. 
Brethren, be followers together of me, and mark them which walk so as ye have us for an ensample. 
(For many walk, of whom I have told you often, and now tell you even weeping, that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ: 
Whose end is destructio
333,hundred shekels of gold went to one shield. And the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon. 
Moreover the king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid it with pure gold. 
And there were six steps to the throne, with a footstool of gold, which were fastened to the throne, and stays on each side of the sitting place, 
269,e people, Ye cannot serve the LORD: for he is an holy God; he is a jealous God; he will not forgive your transgressions nor your sins. 
If ye forsake the LORD, and serve strange gods, then he will turn and do you hurt, and consume you, after that he hath done you good.
338,thou be filled therewith, and vomit it. 
Withdraw thy foot from thy neighbour's house; lest he be weary of thee, and so hate thee. 
A man that beareth false witness against his neighbour is a maul, and a sword, and a sharp arrow. 
Confidence in an unfaithful man in time of trouble is like a broken tooth, and a foot out of joint. 
As he 
357,ously tormented. 
And Jesus saith unto him, I will come and heal him. 
The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed. 
For I am a man under authority, having soldiers under me: and I say to this man, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he comet
336, nation in the earth is like thy people Israel, whom God went to redeem to be his own people, to make thee a name of greatness and terribleness, by driving out nations from before thy people whom thou hast redeemed out of Egypt? 
For thy people Israel didst thou make thine own people for ever; and thou, LORD, becamest their God. 
Ther
298,t been now a much greater slaughter among the Philistines? 
And they smote the Philistines that day from Michmash to Aijalon: and the people were very faint. 
And the people flew upon the spoil, and took sheep, and oxen, and calves, and slew them on the ground: and the people did eat them with the
316,im. 
And Judah took a wife for Er his firstborn, whose name was Tamar. 
And Er, Judah's firstborn, was wicked in the sight of the LORD; and the LORD slew him. 
And Judah said unto Onan, Go in unto thy brother's wife, and marry her, and raise up seed to thy brother. 
And Onan knew that the seed should not be his; an
353,God, merciful and gracious, longsuffering, and abundant in goodness and truth, 
Keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and transgression and sin, and that will by no means clear the guilty; visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children, and upon the children's children, unto the third and to the fourth generation. 
And Moses made has
280,ather, and chaseth away his mother, is a son that causeth shame, and bringeth reproach. 
Cease, my son, to hear the instruction that causeth to err from the words of knowledge. 
An ungodly witness scorneth judgment: and the mouth of the wicked devoureth iniquity. 
Judgments are p
272,he children of Israel: and this son of the Israelitish woman and a man of Israel strove together in the camp; 
And the Israelitish woman's son blasphemed the name of the Lord, and cursed. And they brought him unto Moses: (and his mother's name was Shelomith, the daughter 
240,ore. 
For thy Maker is thine husband; the LORD of hosts is his name; and thy Redeemer the Holy One of Israel; The God of the whole earth shall he be called. 
For the LORD hath called thee as a woman forsaken and grieved in spirit, and a wif
336,So the service of the house of the LORD was set in order. 
And Hezekiah rejoiced, and all the people, that God had prepared the people: for the thing was done suddenly. 
And Hezekiah sent to all Israel and Judah, and wrote letters also to Ephraim and Manasseh, that they should come to the house of the LORD at Jerusalem, to keep the pa
325,about the body of Moses, durst not bring against him a railing accusation, but said, The Lord rebuke thee. 
But these speak evil of those things which they know not: but what they know naturally, as brute beasts, in those things they corrupt themselves. 
Woe unto them! for they have gone in the way of Cain, and ran greedily
331,nacle of the congregation. 
And he shall take off from it all the fat of the bullock for the sin offering; the fat that covereth the inwards, and all the fat that is upon the inwards, 
And the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, which is by the flanks, and the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away,
308, of his adversaries; thou hast made all his enemies to rejoice. 
Thou hast also turned the edge of his sword, and hast not made him to stand in the battle. 
Thou hast made his glory to cease, and cast his throne down to the ground. 
The days of his youth hast thou shortened: thou hast covered him with shame
292,etter is the sight of the eyes than the wandering of the desire: this is also vanity and vexation of spirit. 
That which hath been is named already, and it is known that it is man: neither may he contend with him that is mightier than he. 
Seeing there be many things that increase vanity, wh
323,roboam's wife arose, and departed, and came to Tirzah: and when she came to the threshold of the door, the child died; 
And they buried him; and all Israel mourned for him, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by the hand of his servant Ahijah the prophet. 
And the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, how he warred,
337, Wherefore hast thou smitten thine ass these three times? behold, I went out to withstand thee, because thy way is perverse before me: 
And the ass saw me, and turned from me these three times: unless she had turned from me, surely now also I had slain thee, and saved her alive. 
And Balaam said unto the angel of the LORD, I have sinne
255,And they drew out the staves, that the ends of the staves were seen out in the holy place before the oracle, and they were not seen without: and there they are unto this day. 
There was nothing in the ark save the two tables of stone, which Moses put ther
284, ears of corn and to eat. 
But when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto him, Behold, thy disciples do that which is not lawful to do upon the sabbath day. 
But he said unto them, Have ye not read what David did, when he was an hungred, and they that were with him; 
How he entered in
297,spake unto all the company of the children of Israel, saying, The land, which we passed through to search it, is an exceeding good land. 
If the LORD delight in us, then he will bring us into this land, and give it us; a land which floweth with milk and honey. 
Only rebel not ye against the LORD,
314,l spirit between Abimelech and the men of Shechem; and the men of Shechem dealt treacherously with Abimelech: 
That the cruelty done to the threescore and ten sons of Jerubbaal might come, and their blood be laid upon Abimelech their brother, which slew them; and upon the men of Shechem, which aided him in the ki
297,s and scales shall ye eat: 
And whatsoever hath not fins and scales ye may not eat; it is unclean unto you. 
Of all clean birds ye shall eat. 
But these are they of which ye shall not eat: the eagle, and the ossifrage, and the ospray, 
And the glede, and the kite, and the vulture after his kind, 
342,
As I live, saith the Lord GOD, ye shall not have occasion any more to use this proverb in Israel. 
Behold, all souls are mine; as the soul of the father, so also the soul of the son is mine: the soul that sinneth, it shall die. 
But if a man be just, and do that which is lawful and right, 
And hath not eaten upon the mountains, neither hat
279,open my dark saying upon the harp. 
Wherefore should I fear in the days of evil, when the iniquity of my heels shall compass me about? 
They that trust in their wealth, and boast themselves in the multitude of their riches; 
None of them can by any means redeem his brother, nor 
301,nto their brethren, Do ye know that there is in these houses an ephod, and teraphim, and a graven image, and a molten image? now therefore consider what ye have to do. 
And they turned thitherward, and came to the house of the young man the Levite, even unto the house of Micah, and saluted him. 
And 
275,o art thou, my son? 
And Jacob said unto his father, I am Esau thy first born; I have done according as thou badest me: arise, I pray thee, sit and eat of my venison, that thy soul may bless me. 
And Isaac said unto his son, How is it that thou hast found it so quickly, my s
316,nded in the flame of the altar. And Manoah and his wife looked on it, and fell on their faces to the ground. 
But the angel of the LORD did no more appear to Manoah and to his wife. Then Manoah knew that he was an angel of the LORD. 
And Manoah said unto his wife, We shall surely die, because we have seen God. 
But
335,made a minister, according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for you, to fulfil the word of God; 
Even the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints: 
To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles; which is Christ 
257,so Bakbukiah and Unni, their brethren, were over against them in the watches. 
And Jeshua begat Joiakim, Joiakim also begat Eliashib, and Eliashib begat Joiada, 
And Joiada begat Jonathan, and Jonathan begat Jaddua. 
And in the days of Joiakim were priests,
261,Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When a man shall make a singular vow, the persons shall be for the LORD by thy estimation. 
And thy estimation shall be of the male from twenty years old even unto sixty years old, even thy estimation shall 
353,ess and according to their transgressions have I done unto them, and hid my face from them. 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Now will I bring again the captivity of Jacob, and have mercy upon the whole house of Israel, and will be jealous for my holy name; 
After that they have borne their shame, and all their trespasses whereby they have trespasse
302,n his place by their standards. 
On the west side shall be the standard of the camp of Ephraim according to their armies: and the captain of the sons of Ephraim shall be Elishama the son of Ammihud. 
And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty thousand and five hundred. 
And by him 
346,and every wall shall fall to the ground. 
And I will call for a sword against him throughout all my mountains, saith the Lord GOD: every man's sword shall be against his brother. 
And I will plead against him with pestilence and with blood; and I will rain upon him, and upon his bands, and upon the many people that are with him, an overflowing 
243, Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, in the first month of the second year after they were come out of the land of Egypt, saying, 
Let the children of Israel also keep the passover at his appointed season. 
In the fourteenth day of this month, a
307,own poets have said, For we are also his offspring. 
Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man's device. 
And the times of this ignorance God winked at; but now commandeth all men every where to repent
282,sed me to hope. 
This is my comfort in my affliction: for thy word hath quickened me. 
The proud have had me greatly in derision: yet have I not declined from thy law. 
I remembered thy judgments of old, O LORD; and have comforted myself. 
Horror hath taken hold upon me because of 
253,ouse, named Rahab, and lodged there. 
And it was told the king of Jericho, saying, Behold, there came men in hither to night of the children of Israel to search out the country. 
And the king of Jericho sent unto Rahab, saying, Bring forth the men that 
357,
For a good tree bringeth not forth corrupt fruit; neither doth a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit. 
For every tree is known by his own fruit. For of thorns men do not gather figs, nor of a bramble bush gather they grapes. 
A good man out of the good treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is good; and an evil man out of the evil treasure of hi
257,and an ornament of fine gold, so is a wise reprover upon an obedient ear. 
As the cold of snow in the time of harvest, so is a faithful messenger to them that send him: for he refresheth the soul of his masters. 
Whoso boasteth himself of a false gift is li
279, out thereby: he shall cover his face, that he see not the ground with his eyes. 
My net also will I spread upon him, and he shall be taken in my snare: and I will bring him to Babylon to the land of the Chaldeans; yet shall he not see it, though he shall die there. 
And I will 
256,of badgers' skins, and shall put in the staves thereof. 
And they shall take a cloth of blue, and cover the candlestick of the light, and his lamps, and his tongs, and his snuffdishes, and all the oil vessels thereof, wherewith they minister unto it: 
And 
355,to thy fathers, and give thee all the land which he promised to give unto thy fathers; 
If thou shalt keep all these commandments to do them, which I command thee this day, to love the LORD thy God, and to walk ever in his ways; then shalt thou add three cities more for thee, beside these three: 
That innocent blood be not shed in thy land, which the LO
345,aves into the rings by the sides of the ark, that the ark may be borne with them. 
The staves shall be in the rings of the ark: they shall not be taken from it. 
And thou shalt put into the ark the testimony which I shall give thee. 
And thou shalt make a mercy seat of pure gold: two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit a
289, knowledge. 
For the ear trieth words, as the mouth tasteth meat. 
Let us choose to us judgment: let us know among ourselves what is good. 
For Job hath said, I am righteous: and God hath taken away my judgment. 
Should I lie against my right? my wound is incurable without transgression. 
312,ammer nor axe nor any tool of iron heard in the house, while it was in building. 
The door for the middle chamber was in the right side of the house: and they went up with winding stairs into the middle chamber, and out of the middle into the third. 
So he built the house, and finished it; and covered the house
253,armed men that were in the host. 
And the Midianites and the Amalekites and all the children of the east lay along in the valley like grasshoppers for multitude; and their camels were without number, as the sand by the sea side for multitude. 
And when 
356,made him overseer over his house, and all that he had he put into his hand. 
And it came to pass from the time that he had made him overseer in his house, and over all that he had, that the LORD blessed the Egyptian's house for Joseph's sake; and the blessing of the LORD was upon all that he had in the house, and in the field. 
And he left all that he ha
303,ty, that he could not do it by day, that he did it by night. 
And when the men of the city arose early in the morning, behold, the altar of Baal was cast down, and the grove was cut down that was by it, and the second bullock was offered upon the altar that was built. 
And they said one to another, Who
271,at Tyre shall be forgotten seventy years, according to the days of one king: after the end of seventy years shall Tyre sing as an harlot. 
Take an harp, go about the city, thou harlot that hast been forgotten; make sweet melody, sing many songs, that thou mayest be remem
342,. 
And they answered Joshua, saying, All that thou commandest us we will do, and whithersoever thou sendest us, we will go. 
According as we hearkened unto Moses in all things, so will we hearken unto thee: only the LORD thy God be with thee, as he was with Moses. 
Whosoever he be that doth rebel against thy commandment, and will not hearke
276,d how saidst thou, She is my sister? And Isaac said unto him, Because I said, Lest I die for her. 
And Abimelech said, What is this thou hast done unto us? one of the people might lightly have lien with thy wife, and thou shouldest have brought guiltiness upon us. 
And Abimel
268,lso give thee for a light to the Gentiles, that thou mayest be my salvation unto the end of the earth. 
Thus saith the LORD, the Redeemer of Israel, and his Holy One, to him whom man despiseth, to him whom the nation abhorreth, to a servant of rulers, Kings shall see 
273,s, and thou shalt be satisfied with bread. 
It is naught, it is naught, saith the buyer: but when he is gone his way, then he boasteth. 
There is gold, and a multitude of rubies: but the lips of knowledge are a precious jewel. 
Take his garment that is surety for a strange
284,een seen of the priest for his cleansing, he shall be seen of the priest again. 
And if the priest see that, behold, the scab spreadeth in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a leprosy. 
When the plague of leprosy is in a man, then he shall be brought unto th
240, thou defendest them: let them also that love thy name be joyful in thee. 
For thou, LORD, wilt bless the righteous; with favour wilt thou compass him as with a shield. 
O LORD, rebuke me not in thine anger, neither chasten me in thy hot di
279,knoweth her appointed times; and the turtle and the crane and the swallow observe the time of their coming; but my people know not the judgment of the LORD. 
How do ye say, We are wise, and the law of the LORD is with us? Lo, certainly in vain made he it; the pen of the scribes 
308,For the Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost. 
And as they heard these things, he added and spake a parable, because he was nigh to Jerusalem, and because they thought that the kingdom of God should immediately appear. 
He said therefore, A certain nobleman went into a far country to r
290,he king of Israel went to his house heavy and displeased, and came to Samaria. 
And it came to pass after these things, that Naboth the Jezreelite had a vineyard, which was in Jezreel, hard by the palace of Ahab king of Samaria. 
And Ahab spake unto Naboth, saying, Give me thy vineyard, th
272,ll remember me among the nations whither they shall be carried captives, because I am broken with their whorish heart, which hath departed from me, and with their eyes, which go a whoring after their idols: and they shall lothe themselves for the evils which they have com
325,? 
When Jesus heard it, he saith unto them, They that are whole have no need of the physician, but they that are sick: I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance. 
And the disciples of John and of the Pharisees used to fast: and they come and say unto him, Why do the disciples of John and of the Pharisees f
350,build these cities, and make about them walls, and towers, gates, and bars, while the land is yet before us; because we have sought the LORD our God, we have sought him, and he hath given us rest on every side. So they built and prospered. 
And Asa had an army of men that bare targets and spears, out of Judah three hundred thousand; and out of Benj
287,hat I may go out and come in before this people: for who can judge this thy people, that is so great? 
And God said to Solomon, Because this was in thine heart, and thou hast not asked riches, wealth, or honour, nor the life of thine enemies, neither yet hast asked long life; but hast a
292,il fruit. 
A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit. 
Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire. 
Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them. 
Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall en
266,n their scorning, and fools hate knowledge? 
Turn you at my reproof: behold, I will pour out my spirit unto you, I will make known my words unto you. 
Because I have called, and ye refused; I have stretched out my hand, and no man regarded; 
But ye have set at nough
327,l go in unto the same maid, to profane my holy name: 
And they lay themselves down upon clothes laid to pledge by every altar, and they drink the wine of the condemned in the house of their god. 
Yet destroyed I the Amorite before them, whose height was like the height of the cedars, and he was strong as the oaks; yet I destr
241, men of you, one of a tribe: 
And they turned and went up into the mountain, and came unto the valley of Eshcol, and searched it out. 
And they took of the fruit of the land in their hands, and brought it down unto us, and brought us word ag
302,f it be lame, or blind, or have any ill blemish, thou shalt not sacrifice it unto the LORD thy God. 
Thou shalt eat it within thy gates: the unclean and the clean person shall eat it alike, as the roebuck, and as the hart. 
Only thou shalt not eat the blood thereof; thou shalt pour it upon the ground 
292,eek good, and not evil, that ye may live: and so the LORD, the God of hosts, shall be with you, as ye have spoken. 
Hate the evil, and love the good, and establish judgment in the gate: it may be that the LORD God of hosts will be gracious unto the remnant of Joseph. 
Therefore the LORD, the
355,r a young hart upon the mountains of Bether. 
By night on my bed I sought him whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found him not. 
I will rise now, and go about the city in the streets, and in the broad ways I will seek him whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found him not. 
The watchmen that go about the city found me: to whom I said, Saw ye h
327,arren womb; the earth that is not filled with water; and the fire that saith not, It is enough. 
The eye that mocketh at his father, and despiseth to obey his mother, the ravens of the valley shall pick it out, and the young eagles shall eat it. 
There be three things which are too wonderful for me, yea, four which I know not
240, beyond the river: and Shophach the captain of the host of Hadarezer went before them. 
And it was told David; and he gathered all Israel, and passed over Jordan, and came upon them, and set the battle in array against them. So when David h
313,s in remembrance of these things, though ye know them, and be established in the present truth. 
Yea, I think it meet, as long as I am in this tabernacle, to stir you up by putting you in remembrance; 
Knowing that shortly I must put off this my tabernacle, even as our Lord Jesus Christ hath shewed me. 
Moreover
278,srael fled every one to his tent. 
Now Absalom in his lifetime had taken and reared up for himself a pillar, which is in the king's dale: for he said, I have no son to keep my name in remembrance: and he called the pillar after his own name: and it is called unto this day, Absa
271,e cut off from among their people. 
And thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy mother's sister, nor of thy father's sister: for he uncovereth his near kin: they shall bear their iniquity. 
And if a man shall lie with his uncle's wife, he hath uncovered his uncle's n
341, delivereth them out of the hand of the wicked. 
Light is sown for the righteous, and gladness for the upright in heart. 
Rejoice in the LORD, ye righteous; and give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness. 
O sing unto the LORD a new song; for he hath done marvellous things: his right hand, and his holy arm, hath gotten him the victory.
324,d Baasha smote him at Gibbethon, which belonged to the Philistines; for Nadab and all Israel laid siege to Gibbethon. 
Even in the third year of Asa king of Judah did Baasha slay him, and reigned in his stead. 
And it came to pass, when he reigned, that he smote all the house of Jeroboam; he left not to Jeroboam any that b
275, come up out of your graves, and bring you into the land of Israel. 
And ye shall know that I am the LORD, when I have opened your graves, O my people, and brought you up out of your graves, 
And shall put my spirit in you, and ye shall live, and I shall place you in your ow
346,m in the land of Egypt, when I lifted up mine hand unto them, saying, I am the LORD your God; 
In the day that I lifted up mine hand unto them, to bring them forth of the land of Egypt into a land that I had espied for them, flowing with milk and honey, which is the glory of all lands: 
Then said I unto them, Cast ye away every man the abominat
301,st again? 
Hast thou not poured me out as milk, and curdled me like cheese? 
Thou hast clothed me with skin and flesh, and hast fenced me with bones and sinews. 
Thou hast granted me life and favour, and thy visitation hath preserved my spirit. 
And these things hast thou hid in thine heart: I know t
352,ot come thither the fear of briers and thorns: but it shall be for the sending forth of oxen, and for the treading of lesser cattle. 
Moreover the LORD said unto me, Take thee a great roll, and write in it with a man's pen concerning Mahershalalhashbaz. 
And I took unto me faithful witnesses to record, Uriah the priest, and Zechariah the son of Jeber
322,inations that they do here. 
So I went in and saw; and behold every form of creeping things, and abominable beasts, and all the idols of the house of Israel, pourtrayed upon the wall round about. 
And there stood before them seventy men of the ancients of the house of Israel, and in the midst of them stood Jaazaniah the 
270,hou shalt know that I am the LORD. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because that Moab and Seir do say, Behold, the house of Judah is like unto all the heathen; 
Therefore, behold, I will open the side of Moab from the cities, from his cities which are on his frontiers, the glo
293,at sent me is true; and I speak to the world those things which I have heard of him. 
They understood not that he spake to them of the Father. 
Then said Jesus unto them, When ye have lifted up the Son of man, then shall ye know that I am he, and that I do nothing of myself; but as my Father 
300,hand of the LORD; for his mercies are great: and let me not fall into the hand of man. 
So the LORD sent a pestilence upon Israel from the morning even to the time appointed: and there died of the people from Dan even to Beersheba seventy thousand men. 
And when the angel stretched out his hand upon
270,hat he said, Escape for thy life; look not behind thee, neither stay thou in all the plain; escape to the mountain, lest thou be consumed. 
And Lot said unto them, Oh, not so, my LORD: 
Behold now, thy servant hath found grace in thy sight, and thou hast magnified thy m
313,re, and that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna to the son of David: Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord; Hosanna in the highest. 
And when he was come into Jerusalem, all the city was moved, saying, Who is this? 
And the multitude said, This is Jesus the prophet of Nazareth of Galilee. 
And Jesus we
271,r mouth, and swallowed up the flood which the dragon cast out of his mouth. 
And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ. 
And I stood upon the sand
249,tner, receive him as myself. 
If he hath wronged thee, or oweth thee ought, put that on mine account; 
I Paul have written it with mine own hand, I will repay it: albeit I do not say to thee how thou owest unto me even thine own self besides. 
Yea, 
299,pride from man. 
He keepeth back his soul from the pit, and his life from perishing by the sword. 
He is chastened also with pain upon his bed, and the multitude of his bones with strong pain: 
So that his life abhorreth bread, and his soul dainty meat. 
His flesh is consumed away, that it cannot b
320,cond son. 
And Leah said, Happy am I, for the daughters will call me blessed: and she called his name Asher. 
And Reuben went in the days of wheat harvest, and found mandrakes in the field, and brought them unto his mother Leah. Then Rachel said to Leah, Give me, I pray thee, of thy son's mandrakes. 
And she said unto 
248,e, and the house of Esau for stubble, and they shall kindle in them, and devour them; and there shall not be any remaining of the house of Esau; for the LORD hath spoken it. 
And they of the south shall possess the mount of Esau; and they of the pl
312,omforted his people, and will have mercy upon his afflicted. 
But Zion said, The LORD hath forsaken me, and my Lord hath forgotten me. 
Can a woman forget her sucking child, that she should not have compassion on the son of her womb? yea, they may forget, yet will I not forget thee. 
Behold, I have graven thee 
324,e sword, and with blasting, and with mildew; and they shall pursue thee until thou perish. 
And thy heaven that is over thy head shall be brass, and the earth that is under thee shall be iron. 
The LORD shall make the rain of thy land powder and dust: from heaven shall it come down upon thee, until thou be destroyed. 
The 
280,hey went, they went upon their four sides: and they turned not when they went. 
As for their rings, they were so high that they were dreadful; and their rings were full of eyes round about them four. 
And when the living creatures went, the wheels went by them: and when the livin
250,all bear: for she shall eat them for want of all things secretly in the siege and straitness, wherewith thine enemy shall distress thee in thy gates. 
If thou wilt not observe to do all the words of this law that are written in this book, that thou m
323,nd break the clods of his ground? 
When he hath made plain the face thereof, doth he not cast abroad the fitches, and scatter the cummin, and cast in the principal wheat and the appointed barley and the rie in their place? 
For his God doth instruct him to discretion, and doth teach him. 
For the fitches are not threshed 
264,edingly the more joyed we for the joy of Titus, because his spirit was refreshed by you all. 
For if I have boasted any thing to him of you, I am not ashamed; but as we spake all things to you in truth, even so our boasting, which I made before Titus, is found a t
266,ron shall be his sons' after him, to be anointed therein, and to be consecrated in them. 
And that son that is priest in his stead shall put them on seven days, when he cometh into the tabernacle of the congregation to minister in the holy place. 
And thou shalt tak
255,e priests, to the chambers of the house of our God; and the tithes of our ground unto the Levites, that the same Levites might have the tithes in all the cities of our tillage. 
And the priest the son of Aaron shall be with the Levites, when the Levites t
274, some also of good will: 
The one preach Christ of contention, not sincerely, supposing to add affliction to my bonds: 
But the other of love, knowing that I am set for the defence of the gospel. 
What then? notwithstanding, every way, whether in pretence, or in truth, Chri
262,untries whither I had driven them; and they shall dwell in their own land. 
Mine heart within me is broken because of the prophets; all my bones shake; I am like a drunken man, and like a man whom wine hath overcome, because of the LORD, and because of the words
317,mmanded the people, saying, When ye see the ark of the covenant of the LORD your God, and the priests the Levites bearing it, then ye shall remove from your place, and go after it. 
Yet there shall be a space between you and it, about two thousand cubits by measure: come not near unto it, that ye may know the way by
284, ought to wash one another's feet. 
For I have given you an example, that ye should do as I have done to you. 
Verily, verily, I say unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord; neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him. 
If ye know these things, happy are ye if ye
303,ich is not good among his people, lo, even he shall die in his iniquity. 
Yet say ye, Why? doth not the son bear the iniquity of the father? When the son hath done that which is lawful and right, and hath kept all my statutes, and hath done them, he shall surely live. 
The soul that sinneth, it shall d
339, the garden; and from thence it was parted, and became into four heads. 
The name of the first is Pison: that is it which compasseth the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold; 
And the gold of that land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx stone. 
And the name of the second river is Gihon: the same is it that compasseth the whole
293,rn unto thy country, and to thy kindred, and I will deal well with thee: 
I am not worthy of the least of all the mercies, and of all the truth, which thou hast shewed unto thy servant; for with my staff I passed over this Jordan; and now I am become two bands. 
Deliver me, I pray thee, from 
336, day of the same rested they, and made it a day of feasting and gladness. 
But the Jews that were at Shushan assembled together on the thirteenth day thereof, and on the fourteenth thereof; and on the fifteenth day of the same they rested, and made it a day of feasting and gladness. 
Therefore the Jews of the villages, that dwelt in t
269,, whole Palestina, because the rod of him that smote thee is broken: for out of the serpent's root shall come forth a cockatrice, and his fruit shall be a fiery flying serpent. 
And the firstborn of the poor shall feed, and the needy shall lie down in safety: and I wil
333, not this folly. 
Behold, here is my daughter a maiden, and his concubine; them I will bring out now, and humble ye them, and do with them what seemeth good unto you: but unto this man do not so vile a thing. 
But the men would not hearken to him: so the man took his concubine, and brought her forth unto them; and they knew her, an
264, upon these stones that I have hid; and he shall spread his royal pavilion over them. 
And when he cometh, he shall smite the land of Egypt, and deliver such as are for death to death; and such as are for captivity to captivity; and such as are for the sword to th
341,dar; and on the fourteenth day of the same rested they, and made it a day of feasting and gladness. 
But the Jews that were at Shushan assembled together on the thirteenth day thereof, and on the fourteenth thereof; and on the fifteenth day of the same they rested, and made it a day of feasting and gladness. 
Therefore the Jews of the vill
256,ast made, and at thy blood which hath been in the midst of thee. 
Can thine heart endure, or can thine hands be strong, in the days that I shall deal with thee? I the LORD have spoken it, and will do it. 
And I will scatter thee among the heathen, and disp
249,ing God: and all the people, when they saw it, gave praise unto God. 
And Jesus entered and passed through Jericho. 
And, behold, there was a man named Zacchaeus, which was the chief among the publicans, and he was rich. 
And he sought to see Jesus 
262, able to graff them in again. 
For if thou wert cut out of the olive tree which is wild by nature, and wert graffed contrary to nature into a good olive tree: how much more shall these, which be the natural branches, be graffed into their own olive tree? 
For I 
309,to all that call upon him. 
For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. 
How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? and how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? and how shall they hear without a preacher? 
And how shall they preach, except they be
311,ip his finger in some of the blood, and sprinkle it seven times before the LORD, even before the vail. 
And he shall put some of the blood upon the horns of the altar which is before the LORD, that is in the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall pour out all the blood at the bottom of the altar of the burn
314,ecompence of reward. 
For ye have need of patience, that, after ye have done the will of God, ye might receive the promise. 
For yet a little while, and he that shall come will come, and will not tarry. 
Now the just shall live by faith: but if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him. 
But we are
325,received of her hand that which she had brought him, and said unto her, Go up in peace to thine house; see, I have hearkened to thy voice, and have accepted thy person. 
And Abigail came to Nabal; and, behold, he held a feast in his house, like the feast of a king; and Nabal's heart was merry within him, for he was very dru
325,e, in the which there shall not be left one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down. 
And they asked him, saying, Master, but when shall these things be? and what sign will there be when these things shall come to pass? 
And he said, Take heed that ye be not deceived: for many shall come in my name, saying, I am C
251,there shall be no loss of any man's life among you, but of the ship. 
For there stood by me this night the angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve, 
Saying, Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them t
351,s house, and over all that he had, that the LORD blessed the Egyptian's house for Joseph's sake; and the blessing of the LORD was upon all that he had in the house, and in the field. 
And he left all that he had in Joseph's hand; and he knew not ought he had, save the bread which he did eat. And Joseph was a goodly person, and well favoured. 
And it
320,dfast, and which entereth into that within the veil; 
Whither the forerunner is for us entered, even Jesus, made an high priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec. 
For this Melchisedec, king of Salem, priest of the most high God, who met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him; 
To whom
250, Spirit is given to every man to profit withal. 
For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another the word of knowledge by the same Spirit; 
To another faith by the same Spirit; to another the gifts of healing by the same Spirit; 
To 
326, Christ. 
And he brought him to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he said, Thou art Simon the son of Jona: thou shalt be called Cephas, which is by interpretation, A stone. 
The day following Jesus would go forth into Galilee, and findeth Philip, and saith unto him, Follow me. 
Now Philip was of Bethsaida, the city of Andrew
329, a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put in the staves thereof. 
And they shall take a cloth of blue, and cover the candlestick of the light, and his lamps, and his tongs, and his snuffdishes, and all the oil vessels thereof, wherewith they minister unto it: 
And they shall put it and all the vessels thereof within a coveri
297,ful bird. 
For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication, and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her, and the merchants of the earth are waxed rich through the abundance of her delicacies. 
And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her
278,am become like dust and ashes. 
I cry unto thee, and thou dost not hear me: I stand up, and thou regardest me not. 
Thou art become cruel to me: with thy strong hand thou opposest thyself against me. 
Thou liftest me up to the wind; thou causest me to ride upon it, and dissolve
254,
And Moses went out of the city from Pharaoh, and spread abroad his hands unto the LORD: and the thunders and hail ceased, and the rain was not poured upon the earth. 
And when Pharaoh saw that the rain and the hail and the thunders were ceased, he sinne
296,d his judgments, and to hearken unto his voice: 
And the LORD hath avouched thee this day to be his peculiar people, as he hath promised thee, and that thou shouldest keep all his commandments; 
And to make thee high above all nations which he hath made, in praise, and in name, and in honour; an
343,aints and faithful brethren in Christ which are at Colosse: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ. 
We give thanks to God and the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, praying always for you, 
Since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus, and of the love which ye have to all the saints, 
For the hope which is
242,p, he and the elders of Israel, before the people to Ai. 
And all the people, even the people of war that were with him, went up, and drew nigh, and came before the city, and pitched on the north side of Ai: now there was a valley between the
276,eart. 
And what cause soever shall come to you of your brethren that dwell in your cities, between blood and blood, between law and commandment, statutes and judgments, ye shall even warn them that they trespass not against the LORD, and so wrath come upon you, and upon your 
261, and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God. 
Then Nebuchadnezzar came near to the mouth of the burning fiery furnace, and spake, and said, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, ye servants of the most high God, come forth, and come hither. Then Shadrach, Mes
255,
And now we call the proud happy; yea, they that work wickedness are set up; yea, they that tempt God are even delivered. 
Then they that feared the LORD spake often one to another: and the LORD hearkened, and heard it, and a book of remembrance was writt
329,and nine years, and begat sons and daughters. 
And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat Serug: 
And Reu lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters. 
And Serug lived thirty years, and begat Nahor: 
And Serug lived after he begat Nahor two hundred years, and begat sons and daughters.
320,Hezekiah commanded to offer the burnt offering upon the altar. And when the burnt offering began, the song of the LORD began also with the trumpets, and with the instruments ordained by David king of Israel. 
And all the congregation worshipped, and the singers sang, and the trumpeters sounded: and all this continued u
272,so. 
Let that therefore abide in you, which ye have heard from the beginning. If that which ye have heard from the beginning shall remain in you, ye also shall continue in the Son, and in the Father. 
And this is the promise that he hath promised us, even eternal life. 
T
315, to anger with the work of their hands, saith the LORD. 
For this city hath been to me as a provocation of mine anger and of my fury from the day that they built it even unto this day; that I should remove it from before my face, 
Because of all the evil of the children of Israel and of the children of Judah, whic
299,t, and your fathers cried unto the LORD, then the LORD sent Moses and Aaron, which brought forth your fathers out of Egypt, and made them dwell in this place. 
And when they forgat the LORD their God, he sold them into the hand of Sisera, captain of the host of Hazor, and into the hand of the Phili
357,or he is a Galilaean. 
And Peter said, Man, I know not what thou sayest. And immediately, while he yet spake, the cock crew. 
And the Lord turned, and looked upon Peter. And Peter remembered the word of the Lord, how he had said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice. 
And Peter went out, and wept bitterly. 
And the men that held Jesus 
242,r is by the decree of the watchers, and the demand by the word of the holy ones: to the intent that the living may know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will, and setteth up over it the basest of
246, behold, there was a man, whose appearance was like the appearance of brass, with a line of flax in his hand, and a measuring reed; and he stood in the gate. 
And the man said unto me, Son of man, behold with thine eyes, and hear with thine ears,
277,w shall this man save us? And they despised him, and brought no presents. But he held his peace. 
Then Nahash the Ammonite came up, and encamped against Jabeshgilead: and all the men of Jabesh said unto Nahash, Make a covenant with us, and we will serve thee. 
And Nahash the A
358,ry one that is born of the Spirit. 
Nicodemus answered and said unto him, How can these things be? 
Jesus answered and said unto him, Art thou a master of Israel, and knowest not these things? 
Verily, verily, I say unto thee, We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness. 
If I have told you earthly things, and ye
327,t not respect the person of the poor, nor honor the person of the mighty: but in righteousness shalt thou judge thy neighbour. 
Thou shalt not go up and down as a talebearer among thy people: neither shalt thou stand against the blood of thy neighbour; I am the LORD. 
Thou shalt not hate thy brother in thine heart: thou shalt
279,y told the king, saying, Behold Nathan the prophet. And when he was come in before the king, he bowed himself before the king with his face to the ground. 
And Nathan said, My lord, O king, hast thou said, Adonijah shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne? 
For he i
335,l the inhabitants of our country spake to us, saying, Take victuals with you for the journey, and go to meet them, and say unto them, We are your servants: therefore now make ye a league with us. 
This our bread we took hot for our provision out of our houses on the day we came forth to go unto you; but now, behold, it is dry, and it
317,, he may receive the Holy Ghost. 
But Peter said unto him, Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money. 
Thou hast neither part nor lot in this matter: for thy heart is not right in the sight of God. 
Repent therefore of this thy wickedness, and pray God, if
257,ak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When either man or woman shall separate themselves to vow a vow of a Nazarite, to separate themselves unto the LORD: 
He shall separate himself from wine and strong drink, and shall drink no vinegar of wine
284, may requite them. 
By this I know that thou favourest me, because mine enemy doth not triumph over me. 
And as for me, thou upholdest me in mine integrity, and settest me before thy face for ever. 
Blessed be the LORD God of Israel from everlasting, and to everlasting. Amen, and Ame
269, of the king of Babylon, and he shall stretch it out upon the land of Egypt. 
And I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and disperse them among the countries; and they shall know that I am the LORD. 
And it came to pass in the eleventh year, in the third mont
336,ation: 
But if he thus say, I have no delight in thee; behold, here am I, let him do to me as seemeth good unto him. 
The king said also unto Zadok the priest, Art not thou a seer? return into the city in peace, and your two sons with you, Ahimaaz thy son, and Jonathan the son of Abiathar. 
See, I will tarry in the plain of the wilder
345,inst the prophets, saith the LORD, that use their tongues, and say, He saith. 
Behold, I am against them that prophesy false dreams, saith the LORD, and do tell them, and cause my people to err by their lies, and by their lightness; yet I sent them not, nor commanded them: therefore they shall not profit this people at all, saith the LORD. 
An
284,out thy neck, and shalt be the third ruler in the kingdom. 
Then Daniel answered and said before the king, Let thy gifts be to thyself, and give thy rewards to another; yet I will read the writing unto the king, and make known to him the interpretation. 
O thou king, the most high Go
272,e to sit down on the ground. 
And he took the seven loaves and the fishes, and gave thanks, and brake them, and gave to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude. 
And they did all eat, and were filled: and they took up of the broken meat that was left seven baske
342,in the flock of Laban; and he put his own flocks by themselves, and put them not unto Laban's cattle. 
And it came to pass, whensoever the stronger cattle did conceive, that Jacob laid the rods before the eyes of the cattle in the gutters, that they might conceive among the rods. 
But when the cattle were feeble, he put them not in: so the 
243,egation before the testimony, where I will meet with you. 
And it shall come to pass, that the man's rod, whom I shall choose, shall blossom: and I will make to cease from me the murmurings of the children of Israel, whereby they murmur agains
345,ey had the dominion over them: yet when they returned, and cried unto thee, thou heardest them from heaven; and many times didst thou deliver them according to thy mercies; 
And testifiedst against them, that thou mightest bring them again unto thy law: yet they dealt proudly, and hearkened not unto thy commandments, but sinned against thy jud
279,For my father fought for you, and adventured his life far, and delivered you out of the hand of Midian: 
And ye are risen up against my father's house this day, and have slain his sons, threescore and ten persons, upon one stone, and have made Abimelech, the son of his maidserva
315,people, that they may do, when they come to Gibeah of Benjamin, according to all the folly that they have wrought in Israel. 
So all the men of Israel were gathered against the city, knit together as one man. 
And the tribes of Israel sent men through all the tribe of Benjamin, saying, What wickedness is this that
263,t to day; for to day is a sabbath unto the LORD: to day ye shall not find it in the field. 
Six days ye shall gather it; but on the seventh day, which is the sabbath, in it there shall be none. 
And it came to pass, that there went out some of the people on the s
246,said, Behold, thy son Joseph cometh unto thee: and Israel strengthened himself, and sat upon the bed. 
And Jacob said unto Joseph, God Almighty appeared unto me at Luz in the land of Canaan, and blessed me, 
And said unto me, Behold, I will make 
339,he morning Laban rose up, and kissed his sons and his daughters, and blessed them: and Laban departed, and returned unto his place. 
And Jacob went on his way, and the angels of God met him. 
And when Jacob saw them, he said, This is God's host: and he called the name of that place Mahanaim. 
And Jacob sent messengers before him to Esau 
296,g forth; shall ye not know it? I will even make a way in the wilderness, and rivers in the desert. 
The beast of the field shall honour me, the dragons and the owls: because I give waters in the wilderness, and rivers in the desert, to give drink to my people, my chosen. 
This people have I form
325,f ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to his cross; 
And having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a shew of them openly, triumphing over them in it. 
Let no man therefore judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of an holyday, or of the new moon, or 
252,t; and he gave their asses provender. 
And they made ready the present against Joseph came at noon: for they heard that they should eat bread there. 
And when Joseph came home, they brought him the present which was in their hand into the house, and bo
315,upon the ground. 
And Araunah said, Wherefore is my lord the king come to his servant? And David said, To buy the threshingfloor of thee, to build an altar unto the LORD, that the plague may be stayed from the people. 
And Araunah said unto David, Let my lord the king take and offer up what seemeth good unto him: 
356,e? 
To him that is afflicted pity should be shewed from his friend; but he forsaketh the fear of the Almighty. 
My brethren have dealt deceitfully as a brook, and as the stream of brooks they pass away; 
Which are blackish by reason of the ice, and wherein the snow is hid: 
What time they wax warm, they vanish: when it is hot, they are consumed out of th
308, precious sons of Zion, comparable to fine gold, how are they esteemed as earthen pitchers, the work of the hands of the potter! 
Even the sea monsters draw out the breast, they give suck to their young ones: the daughter of my people is become cruel, like the ostriches in the wilderness. 
The tongue of the
285,n equality, that now at this time your abundance may be a supply for their want, that their abundance also may be a supply for your want: that there may be equality: 
As it is written, He that had gathered much had nothing over; and he that had gathered little had no lack. 
But thanks
350,of the LORD filled the tabernacle. 
And when the cloud was taken up from over the tabernacle, the children of Israel went onward in all their journeys: 
But if the cloud were not taken up, then they journeyed not till the day that it was taken up. 
For the cloud of the LORD was upon the tabernacle by day, and fire was on it by night, in the sight o
315,hem to day and to morrow, and let them wash their clothes, 
And be ready against the third day: for the third day the LORD will come down in the sight of all the people upon mount Sinai. 
And thou shalt set bounds unto the people round about, saying, Take heed to yourselves, that ye go not up into the mount, or to
316, king's chamberlains, the keepers of the door, who sought to lay hand on the king Ahasuerus. 
And the king said, What honour and dignity hath been done to Mordecai for this? Then said the king's servants that ministered unto him, There is nothing done for him. 
And the king said, Who is in the court? Now Haman was 
335,d he discerned him not, because his hands were hairy, as his brother Esau's hands: so he blessed him. 
And he said, Art thou my very son Esau? And he said, I am. 
And he said, Bring it near to me, and I will eat of my son's venison, that my soul may bless thee. And he brought it near to him, and he did eat: and he brought him wine an
312, of little faith? 
Therefore take no thought, saying, What shall we eat? or, What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed? 
(For after all these things do the Gentiles seek:) for your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all these things. 
But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righte
303,l, and Shimei: and of the sons of Jeduthun; Shemaiah, and Uzziel. 
And they gathered their brethren, and sanctified themselves, and came, according to the commandment of the king, by the words of the LORD, to cleanse the house of the LORD. 
And the priests went into the inner part of the house of the L
313,voice together shall they sing: for they shall see eye to eye, when the LORD shall bring again Zion. 
Break forth into joy, sing together, ye waste places of Jerusalem: for the LORD hath comforted his people, he hath redeemed Jerusalem. 
The LORD hath made bare his holy arm in the eyes of all the nations; and al
274,e is delivered of the child, she remembereth no more the anguish, for joy that a man is born into the world. 
And ye now therefore have sorrow: but I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy no man taketh from you. 
And in that day ye shall ask me noth
302,ll such as are clothed with strange apparel. 
In the same day also will I punish all those that leap on the threshold, which fill their masters' houses with violence and deceit. 
And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD, that there shall be the noise of a cry from the fish gate, and an ho
349,icia, yet brought up in this city at the feet of Gamaliel, and taught according to the perfect manner of the law of the fathers, and was zealous toward God, as ye all are this day. 
And I persecuted this way unto the death, binding and delivering into prisons both men and women. 
As also the high priest doth bear me witness, and all the estate of 
281, considered the thing, he came to the house of Mary the mother of John, whose surname was Mark; where many were gathered together praying. 
And as Peter knocked at the door of the gate, a damsel came to hearken, named Rhoda. 
And when she knew Peter's voice, she opened not the gat
291,and scarlet, and fine linen, and goats' hair, and red skins of rams, and badgers' skins, brought them. 
Every one that did offer an offering of silver and brass brought the LORD's offering: and every man, with whom was found shittim wood for any work of the service, brought it. 
And all the
289,have not attained unto the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage. 
And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from before Pharaoh. 
And Joseph placed his father and his brethren, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, i
358,h alms to the people, and prayed to God alway. 
He saw in a vision evidently about the ninth hour of the day an angel of God coming in to him, and saying unto him, Cornelius. 
And when he looked on him, he was afraid, and said, What is it, Lord? And he said unto him, Thy prayers and thine alms are come up for a memorial before God. 
And now send men to Jop
357,he congregation of the children of Israel came unto the wilderness of Sin, which is between Elim and Sinai, on the fifteenth day of the second month after their departing out of the land of Egypt. 
And the whole congregation of the children of Israel murmured against Moses and Aaron in the wilderness: 
And the children of Israel said unto them, Would to G
278,hem, that they abstain from pollutions of idols, and from fornication, and from things strangled, and from blood. 
For Moses of old time hath in every city them that preach him, being read in the synagogues every sabbath day. 
Then pleased it the apostles and elders with the wh
339,oings. 
His own iniquities shall take the wicked himself, and he shall be holden with the cords of his sins. 
He shall die without instruction; and in the greatness of his folly he shall go astray. 
My son, if thou be surety for thy friend, if thou hast stricken thy hand with a stranger, 
Thou art snared with the words of thy mouth, thou
311, he shall say, I am no prophet, I am an husbandman; for man taught me to keep cattle from my youth. 
And one shall say unto him, What are these wounds in thine hands? Then he shall answer, Those with which I was wounded in the house of my friends. 
Awake, O sword, against my shepherd, and against the man that 
292,t, when Jesus was returned, the people gladly received him: for they were all waiting for him. 
And, behold, there came a man named Jairus, and he was a ruler of the synagogue: and he fell down at Jesus' feet, and besought him that he would come into his house: 
For he had one only daughter,
352,hor, and Haran. 
Now these are the generations of Terah: Terah begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran; and Haran begat Lot. 
And Haran died before his father Terah in the land of his nativity, in Ur of the Chaldees. 
And Abram and Nahor took them wives: the name of Abram's wife was Sarai; and the name of Nahor's wife, Milcah, the daughter of Haran, the father
245,rds, and fruit trees in abundance: so they did eat, and were filled, and became fat, and delighted themselves in thy great goodness. 
Nevertheless they were disobedient, and rebelled against thee, and cast thy law behind their backs, and slew th
280,t dwellest in Zion, be not afraid of the Assyrian: he shall smite thee with a rod, and shall lift up his staff against thee, after the manner of Egypt. 
For yet a very little while, and the indignation shall cease, and mine anger in their destruction. 
And the LORD of hosts shall
242,ng the LORD, to build an altar for burnt offerings, for meat offerings, or for sacrifices, beside the altar of the LORD our God that is before his tabernacle. 
And when Phinehas the priest, and the princes of the congregation and heads of the
343,had established the kingdom, and had strengthened himself, he forsook the law of the LORD, and all Israel with him. 
And it came to pass, that in the fifth year of king Rehoboam Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem, because they had transgressed against the LORD, 
With twelve hundred chariots, and threescore thousand horsemen: and
346,rray against Israel: and when they joined battle, Israel was smitten before the Philistines: and they slew of the army in the field about four thousand men. 
And when the people were come into the camp, the elders of Israel said, Wherefore hath the LORD smitten us to day before the Philistines? Let us fetch the ark of the covenant of the LORD o
271,d, with bread, according to their families. 
And there was no bread in all the land; for the famine was very sore, so that the land of Egypt and all the land of Canaan fainted by reason of the famine. 
And Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of Eg
273,y it not; for a blessing is in it: so will I do for my servants' sakes, that I may not destroy them all. 
And I will bring forth a seed out of Jacob, and out of Judah an inheritor of my mountains: and mine elect shall inherit it, and my servants shall dwell there. 
And Sha
293,and all his furniture, his taches, his boards, his bars, and his pillars, and his sockets, 
And the covering of rams' skins dyed red, and the covering of badgers' skins, and the vail of the covering, 
The ark of the testimony, and the staves thereof, and the mercy seat, 
The table, and all th
310, the good hand of his God upon him. 
For Ezra had prepared his heart to seek the law of the LORD, and to do it, and to teach in Israel statutes and judgments. 
Now this is the copy of the letter that the king Artaxerxes gave unto Ezra the priest, the scribe, even a scribe of the words of the commandments of t
319,ned me. 
Then said he, Knowest thou wherefore I come unto thee? and now will I return to fight with the prince of Persia: and when I am gone forth, lo, the prince of Grecia shall come. 
But I will shew thee that which is noted in the scripture of truth: and there is none that holdeth with me in these things, but Micha
242, mouth; and with the increase of his lips shall he be filled. 
Death and life are in the power of the tongue: and they that love it shall eat the fruit thereof. 
Whoso findeth a wife findeth a good thing, and obtaineth favour of the LORD. 
Th
263, stones in abundance. 
Moreover, because I have set my affection to the house of my God, I have of mine own proper good, of gold and silver, which I have given to the house of my God, over and above all that I have prepared for the holy house. 
Even three thousan
261,elve officers over all Israel, which provided victuals for the king and his household: each man his month in a year made provision. 
And these are their names: The son of Hur, in mount Ephraim: 
The son of Dekar, in Makaz, and in Shaalbim, and Bethshemesh, and 
338,my covenant between me and thee and thy seed after thee in their generations for an everlasting covenant, to be a God unto thee, and to thy seed after thee. 
And I will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land wherein thou art a stranger, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession; and I will be their God. 
And Go
291,t not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. 
Love worketh no ill to his neighbour: therefore love is the fulfill
258,re corrupt, and speak wickedly concerning oppression: they speak loftily. 
They set their mouth against the heavens, and their tongue walketh through the earth. 
Therefore his people return hither: and waters of a full cup are wrung out to them. 
And they sa
293,l buy meat of them for money, that ye may eat; and ye shall also buy water of them for money, that ye may drink. 
For the LORD thy God hath blessed thee in all the works of thy hand: he knoweth thy walking through this great wilderness: these forty years the LORD thy God hath been with thee; 
316, 
They shall not make baldness upon their head, neither shall they shave off the corner of their beard, nor make any cuttings in their flesh. 
They shall be holy unto their God, and not profane the name of their God: for the offerings of the LORD made by fire, and the bread of their God, they do offer: therefore th
313,ianites, 
That the LORD sent a prophet unto the children of Israel, which said unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I brought you up from Egypt, and brought you forth out of the house of bondage; 
And I delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all that oppressed you, and dr
300,ong the thirty, and above the thirty: and in his course was Ammizabad his son. 
The fourth captain for the fourth month was Asahel the brother of Joab, and Zebadiah his son after him: and in his course were twenty and four thousand. 
The fifth captain for the fifth month was Shamhuth the Izrahite: a
300,nclean seven days. 
And every open vessel, which hath no covering bound upon it, is unclean. 
And whosoever toucheth one that is slain with a sword in the open fields, or a dead body, or a bone of a man, or a grave, shall be unclean seven days. 
And for an unclean person they shall take of the ashes
356,s of Huram: every three years once came the ships of Tarshish bringing gold, and silver, ivory, and apes, and peacocks. 
And king Solomon passed all the kings of the earth in riches and wisdom. 
And all the kings of the earth sought the presence of Solomon, to hear his wisdom, that God had put in his heart. 
And they brought every man his present, vessel
355,me; 
In my distress I called upon the LORD, and cried to my God: and he did hear my voice out of his temple, and my cry did enter into his ears. 
Then the earth shook and trembled; the foundations of heaven moved and shook, because he was wroth. 
There went up a smoke out of his nostrils, and fire out of his mouth devoured: coals were kindled by it. 
He
294,o is called Christ. 
So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; and from David until the carrying away into Babylon are fourteen generations; and from the carrying away into Babylon unto Christ are fourteen generations. 
Now the birth of Jesus Christ was on this wis
249, if a woman shall put away her husband, and be married to another, she committeth adultery. 
And they brought young children to him, that he should touch them: and his disciples rebuked those that brought them. 
But when Jesus saw it, he was much di
311,o you-ward: 
How that by revelation he made known unto me the mystery; (as I wrote afore in few words, 
Whereby, when ye read, ye may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ) 
Which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the 
312,th in storehouses. 
Let all the earth fear the LORD: let all the inhabitants of the world stand in awe of him. 
For he spake, and it was done; he commanded, and it stood fast. 
The LORD bringeth the counsel of the heathen to nought: he maketh the devices of the people of none effect. 
The counsel of the LORD st
294,en he began to reign, and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem. 
And he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, like as did the house of Ahab: for he had the daughter of Ahab to wife: and he wrought that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD. 
Howbeit the LORD would not destroy the house of 
339,rethren, and could not come at him for the press. 
And it was told him by certain which said, Thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to see thee. 
And he answered and said unto them, My mother and my brethren are these which hear the word of God, and do it. 
Now it came to pass on a certain day, that he went into a ship with
316,s bands, and upon the many people that are with him, an overflowing rain, and great hailstones, fire, and brimstone. 
Thus will I magnify myself, and sanctify myself; and I will be known in the eyes of many nations, and they shall know that I am the LORD. 
Therefore, thou son of man, prophesy against Gog, and say, 
270,are pure in their own eyes, and yet is not washed from their filthiness. 
There is a generation, O how lofty are their eyes! and their eyelids are lifted up. 
There is a generation, whose teeth are as swords, and their jaw teeth as knives, to devour the poor from off th
357,ould come, he answered them and said, The kingdom of God cometh not with observation: 
Neither shall they say, Lo here! or, lo there! for, behold, the kingdom of God is within you. 
And he said unto the disciples, The days will come, when ye shall desire to see one of the days of the Son of man, and ye shall not see it. 
And they shall say to you, See her
333,ael. 
And he said unto me, Solomon thy son, he shall build my house and my courts: for I have chosen him to be my son, and I will be his father. 
Moreover I will establish his kingdom for ever, if he be constant to do my commandments and my judgments, as at this day. 
Now therefore in the sight of all Israel the congregation of the
288, ye not eaten the sin offering in the holy place, seeing it is most holy, and God hath given it you to bear the iniquity of the congregation, to make atonement for them before the LORD? 
Behold, the blood of it was not brought in within the holy place: ye should indeed have eaten it in t
281,urned from Jordan, and was led by the Spirit into the wilderness, 
Being forty days tempted of the devil. And in those days he did eat nothing: and when they were ended, he afterward hungered. 
And the devil said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, command this stone that it be m
254,ll ye say unto him, Because the Lord hath need of him. 
And they that were sent went their way, and found even as he had said unto them. 
And as they were loosing the colt, the owners thereof said unto them, Why loose ye the colt? 
And they said, The Lor
260,ethaniah, and the ten men that were with him, and smote Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan with the sword, and slew him, whom the king of Babylon had made governor over the land. 
Ishmael also slew all the Jews that were with him, even with Gedaliah
344,out his neck, and shall be the third ruler in the kingdom. 
Then came in all the king's wise men: but they could not read the writing, nor make known to the king the interpretation thereof. 
Then was king Belshazzar greatly troubled, and his countenance was changed in him, and his lords were astonied. 
Now the queen by reason of the words of 
329,for the Egyptians whom ye have seen to day, ye shall see them again no more for ever. 
The LORD shall fight for you, and ye shall hold your peace. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Wherefore criest thou unto me? speak unto the children of Israel, that they go forward: 
But lift thou up thy rod, and stretch out thine hand over the 
349,nd these words. 
Then I consulted with myself, and I rebuked the nobles, and the rulers, and said unto them, Ye exact usury, every one of his brother. And I set a great assembly against them. 
And I said unto them, We after our ability have redeemed our brethren the Jews, which were sold unto the heathen; and will ye even sell your brethren? or sh
262,s. 
And it came to pass, after he had eaten bread, and after he had drunk, that he saddled for him the ass, to wit, for the prophet whom he had brought back. 
And when he was gone, a lion met him by the way, and slew him: and his carcase was cast in the way, and
259, I declare things that are right. 
Assemble yourselves and come; draw near together, ye that are escaped of the nations: they have no knowledge that set up the wood of their graven image, and pray unto a god that cannot save. 
Tell ye, and bring them near; ye
334,oodness. 
Nevertheless they were disobedient, and rebelled against thee, and cast thy law behind their backs, and slew thy prophets which testified against them to turn them to thee, and they wrought great provocations. 
Therefore thou deliveredst them into the hand of their enemies, who vexed them: and in the time of their trouble,
337, make David king over all Israel: and all the rest also of Israel were of one heart to make David king. 
And there they were with David three days, eating and drinking: for their brethren had prepared for them. 
Moreover they that were nigh them, even unto Issachar and Zebulun and Naphtali, brought bread on asses, and on camels, and on
255,; and the rocks for the conies. 
He appointed the moon for seasons: the sun knoweth his going down. 
Thou makest darkness, and it is night: wherein all the beasts of the forest do creep forth. 
The young lions roar after their prey, and seek their meat fr
252,ered up the whole captivity to Edom, and remembered not the brotherly covenant: 
But I will send a fire on the wall of Tyrus, which shall devour the palaces thereof. 
Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Edom, and for four, I will not turn 
328,ah, Giddalti, and Romamtiezer, Joshbekashah, Mallothi, Hothir, and Mahazioth: 
All these were the sons of Heman the king's seer in the words of God, to lift up the horn. And God gave to Heman fourteen sons and three daughters. 
All these were under the hands of their father for song in the house of the LORD, with cymbals, psal
248,ief of the house of the father of the families of the Kohathites shall be Elizaphan the son of Uzziel. 
And their charge shall be the ark, and the table, and the candlestick, and the altars, and the vessels of the sanctuary wherewith they minister,
262,s in an uproar. 
Who immediately took soldiers and centurions, and ran down unto them: and when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers, they left beating of Paul. 
Then the chief captain came near, and took him, and commanded him to be bound with two chains
257,the gods of gold, and of silver, of brass, of iron, of wood, and of stone. 
In the same hour came forth fingers of a man's hand, and wrote over against the candlestick upon the plaister of the wall of the king's palace: and the king saw the part of the hand
346,mber Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, thy servants, to whom thou swarest by thine own self, and saidst unto them, I will multiply your seed as the stars of heaven, and all this land that I have spoken of will I give unto your seed, and they shall inherit it for ever. 
And the LORD repented of the evil which he thought to do unto his people. 
And Mos
345,emselves utterly bald for thee, and gird them with sackcloth, and they shall weep for thee with bitterness of heart and bitter wailing. 
And in their wailing they shall take up a lamentation for thee, and lament over thee, saying, What city is like Tyrus, like the destroyed in the midst of the sea? 
When thy wares went forth out of the seas, t
312,shall I speak. 
And Balaam went with Balak, and they came unto Kirjathhuzoth. 
And Balak offered oxen and sheep, and sent to Balaam, and to the princes that were with him. 
And it came to pass on the morrow, that Balak took Balaam, and brought him up into the high places of Baal, that thence he might see the ut
290, Jerusalem: and the hand of our God was upon us, and he delivered us from the hand of the enemy, and of such as lay in wait by the way. 
And we came to Jerusalem, and abode there three days. 
Now on the fourth day was the silver and the gold and the vessels weighed in the house of our God 
306,nd told me lies: tell me wherewith thou mightest be bound. And he said unto her, If thou weavest the seven locks of my head with the web. 
And she fastened it with the pin, and said unto him, The Philistines be upon thee, Samson. And he awaked out of his sleep, and went away with the pin of the beam, and 
288,ers in their stead. 
Therefore he knoweth their works, and he overturneth them in the night, so that they are destroyed. 
He striketh them as wicked men in the open sight of others; 
Because they turned back from him, and would not consider any of his ways: 
So that they cause the cry of
278,presence, and stood before the king. 
And the king sware, and said, As the LORD liveth, that hath redeemed my soul out of all distress, 
Even as I sware unto thee by the LORD God of Israel, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne 
333,Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab, and On, the son of Peleth, sons of Reuben, took men: 
And they rose up before Moses, with certain of the children of Israel, two hundred and fifty princes of the assembly, famous in the congregation, men of renown: 
And they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron, and said
322,woman of Canaan came out of the same coasts, and cried unto him, saying, Have mercy on me, O Lord, thou son of David; my daughter is grievously vexed with a devil. 
But he answered her not a word. And his disciples came and besought him, saying, Send her away; for she crieth after us. 
But he answered and said, I am not 
356,ings. 
Thus saith the LORD concerning the prophets that make my people err, that bite with their teeth, and cry, Peace; and he that putteth not into their mouths, they even prepare war against him. 
Therefore night shall be unto you, that ye shall not have a vision; and it shall be dark unto you, that ye shall not divine; and the sun shall go down over t
304,ith fine linen, and I covered thee with silk. 
I decked thee also with ornaments, and I put bracelets upon thy hands, and a chain on thy neck. 
And I put a jewel on thy forehead, and earrings in thine ears, and a beautiful crown upon thine head. 
Thus wast thou decked with gold and silver; and thy raime
294,hambers were a full reed of six great cubits. 
The thickness of the wall, which was for the side chamber without, was five cubits: and that which was left was the place of the side chambers that were within. 
And between the chambers was the wideness of twenty cubits round about the house on e
349, Joiarib, the son of Zechariah, the son of Shiloni. 
All the sons of Perez that dwelt at Jerusalem were four hundred threescore and eight valiant men. 
And these are the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Joed, the son of Pedaiah, the son of Kolaiah, the son of Maaseiah, the son of Ithiel, the son of Jesaiah. 
And after him G
273,paration shall wash his clothes; and he that toucheth the water of separation shall be unclean until even. 
And whatsoever the unclean person toucheth shall be unclean; and the soul that toucheth it shall be unclean until even. 
Then came the children of Israel, even the w
269,gate of Ephraim, and above the old gate, and above the fish gate, and the tower of Hananeel, and the tower of Meah, even unto the sheep gate: and they stood still in the prison gate. 
So stood the two companies of them that gave thanks in the house of God, and I, and t
344,that know them not. 
And whosoever will not do the law of thy God, and the law of the king, let judgment be executed speedily upon him, whether it be unto death, or to banishment, or to confiscation of goods, or to imprisonment. 
Blessed be the LORD God of our fathers, which hath put such a thing as this in the king's heart, to beautify the h
353,ohn, whom I beheaded: he is risen from the dead. 
For Herod himself had sent forth and laid hold upon John, and bound him in prison for Herodias' sake, his brother Philip's wife: for he had married her. 
For John had said unto Herod, It is not lawful for thee to have thy brother's wife. 
Therefore Herodias had a quarrel against him, and would have kil
291, worse with them than the beginning. 
For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness, than, after they have known it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them. 
But it is happened unto them according to the true proverb, The dog is turned to his own 
357,cause it was the preparation, that the bodies should not remain upon the cross on the sabbath day, (for that sabbath day was an high day,) besought Pilate that their legs might be broken, and that they might be taken away. 
Then came the soldiers, and brake the legs of the first, and of the other which was crucified with him. 
But when they came to Jesus,
254,set feasts, beside your vows, and your freewill offerings, for your burnt offerings, and for your meat offerings, and for your drink offerings, and for your peace offerings. 
And Moses told the children of Israel according to all that the LORD commanded 
290,Nevertheless David took the castle of Zion, which is the city of David. 
And David said, Whosoever smiteth the Jebusites first shall be chief and captain. So Joab the son of Zeruiah went first up, and was chief. 
And David dwelt in the castle; therefore they called it the city of David. 
A
301,d know thou it for thy good. 
But Job answered and said, 
Oh that my grief were throughly weighed, and my calamity laid in the balances together! 
For now it would be heavier than the sand of the sea: therefore my words are swallowed up. 
For the arrows of the Almighty are within me, the poison where
310,ave no portion, nor right, nor memorial, in Jerusalem. 
Then Eliashib the high priest rose up with his brethren the priests, and they builded the sheep gate; they sanctified it, and set up the doors of it; even unto the tower of Meah they sanctified it, unto the tower of Hananeel. 
And next unto him builded t
251,land of Canaan; 
Then ye shall drive out all the inhabitants of the land from before you, and destroy all their pictures, and destroy all their molten images, and quite pluck down all their high places: 
And ye shall dispossess the inhabitants of the 
344, above stood and rose up upon an heap very far from the city Adam, that is beside Zaretan: and those that came down toward the sea of the plain, even the salt sea, failed, and were cut off: and the people passed over right against Jericho. 
And the priests that bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD stood firm on dry ground in the midst of 
280,ave done, so God hath requited me. And they brought him to Jerusalem, and there he died. 
Now the children of Judah had fought against Jerusalem, and had taken it, and smitten it with the edge of the sword, and set the city on fire. 
And afterward the children of Judah went down 
315,s jealous for her with great fury. 
Thus saith the LORD; I am returned unto Zion, and will dwell in the midst of Jerusalem: and Jerusalem shall be called a city of truth; and the mountain of the LORD of hosts the holy mountain. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; There shall yet old men and old women dwell in the stree
259,RD. 
So David stayed his servants with these words, and suffered them not to rise against Saul. But Saul rose up out of the cave, and went on his way. 
David also arose afterward, and went out of the cave, and cried after Saul, saying, My lord the king. And w
306,pts. 
Thou art my portion, O LORD: I have said that I would keep thy words. 
I intreated thy favour with my whole heart: be merciful unto me according to thy word. 
I thought on my ways, and turned my feet unto thy testimonies. 
I made haste, and delayed not to keep thy commandments. 
The bands of the wic
344,, and Ram begat Amminadab, 
And Amminadab begat Nahshon, and Nahshon begat Salmon, 
And Salmon begat Boaz, and Boaz begat Obed, 
And Obed begat Jesse, and Jesse begat David. 
Now there was a certain man of Ramathaimzophim, of mount Ephraim, and his name was Elkanah, the son of Jeroham, the son of Elihu, the son of Tohu, the son of Zuph, an Ep
343,pon their rivers, and upon their ponds, and upon all their pools of water, that they may become blood; and that there may be blood throughout all the land of Egypt, both in vessels of wood, and in vessels of stone. 
And Moses and Aaron did so, as the LORD commanded; and he lifted up the rod, and smote the waters that were in the river, in th
292,om death. 
And the men answered her, Our life for yours, if ye utter not this our business. And it shall be, when the LORD hath given us the land, that we will deal kindly and truly with thee. 
Then she let them down by a cord through the window: for her house was upon the town wall, and she
356,said, Let us go up at once, and possess it; for we are well able to overcome it. 
But the men that went up with him said, We be not able to go up against the people; for they are stronger than we. 
And they brought up an evil report of the land which they had searched unto the children of Israel, saying, The land, through which we have gone to search it,
309, this generation seek after a sign? verily I say unto you, There shall no sign be given unto this generation. 
And he left them, and entering into the ship again departed to the other side. 
Now the disciples had forgotten to take bread, neither had they in the ship with them more than one loaf. 
And he char
355, that the city was taken, that he went into the palace of the king's house, and burnt the king's house over him with fire, and died. 
For his sins which he sinned in doing evil in the sight of the LORD, in walking in the way of Jeroboam, and in his sin which he did, to make Israel to sin. 
Now the rest of the acts of Zimri, and his treason that he wroug
325,gain, a little while, and ye shall see me: and, Because I go to the Father? 
They said therefore, What is this that he saith, A little while? we cannot tell what he saith. 
Now Jesus knew that they were desirous to ask him, and said unto them, Do ye enquire among yourselves of that I said, A little while, and ye shall not s
326,of the offering of the evening sacrifice, that there was neither voice, nor any to answer, nor any that regarded. 
And Elijah said unto all the people, Come near unto me. And all the people came near unto him. And he repaired the altar of the LORD that was broken down. 
And Elijah took twelve stones, according to the number 
315,ria: and Benjamin shall possess Gilead. 
And the captivity of this host of the children of Israel shall possess that of the Canaanites, even unto Zarephath; and the captivity of Jerusalem, which is in Sepharad, shall possess the cities of the south. 
And saviours shall come up on mount Zion to judge the mount of E
299,nd of Egypt, which dwell at Migdol, and at Tahpanhes, and at Noph, and in the country of Pathros, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Ye have seen all the evil that I have brought upon Jerusalem, and upon all the cities of Judah; and, behold, this day they are a desolation, an
249,place, and for the doors of the house, to wit, of the temple. 
So was ended all the work that king Solomon made for the house of the LORD. And Solomon brought in the things which David his father had dedicated; even the silver, and the gold, and the
273,th. 
When the LORD thy God shall enlarge thy border, as he hath promised thee, and thou shalt say, I will eat flesh, because thy soul longeth to eat flesh; thou mayest eat flesh, whatsoever thy soul lusteth after. 
If the place which the LORD thy God hath chosen to put his
270,t transgression. 
Let the words of my mouth, and the meditation of my heart, be acceptable in thy sight, O LORD, my strength, and my redeemer. 
The LORD hear thee in the day of trouble; the name of the God of Jacob defend thee; 
Send thee help from the sanctuary, and st
324,Father? 
Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works. 
Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for the very works' sake. 
Verily, verily, I say unto you, H
322,t three thousand men and women, that beheld while Samson made sport. 
And Samson called unto the LORD, and said, O Lord God, remember me, I pray thee, and strengthen me, I pray thee, only this once, O God, that I may be at once avenged of the Philistines for my two eyes. 
And Samson took hold of the two middle pillars up
343,ord. 
For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church: and he is the saviour of the body. 
Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in every thing. 
Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church, and gave himself for it; 
That he might sancti
337,r will I cause men to hear in thee the shame of the heathen any more, neither shalt thou bear the reproach of the people any more, neither shalt thou cause thy nations to fall any more, saith the Lord GOD. 
Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, when the house of Israel dwelt in their own land, they defiled it
334,ed in. 
Well; because of unbelief they were broken off, and thou standest by faith. Be not highminded, but fear: 
For if God spared not the natural branches, take heed lest he also spare not thee. 
Behold therefore the goodness and severity of God: on them which fell, severity; but toward thee, goodness, if thou continue in his good
241, Bethanoth, and Eltekon; six cities with their villages: 
Kirjathbaal, which is Kirjathjearim, and Rabbah; two cities with their villages: 
In the wilderness, Betharabah, Middin, and Secacah, 
And Nibshan, and the city of Salt, and Engedi; s
313, went not out of the door? 
Oh that one would hear me! behold, my desire is, that the Almighty would answer me, and that mine adversary had written a book. 
Surely I would take it upon my shoulder, and bind it as a crown to me. 
I would declare unto him the number of my steps; as a prince would I go near unto hi
262,had not set up the doors upon the gates;) 
That Sanballat and Geshem sent unto me, saying, Come, let us meet together in some one of the villages in the plain of Ono. But they thought to do me mischief. 
And I sent messengers unto them, saying, I am doing a grea
245,be none to quench it in Bethel. 
Ye who turn judgment to wormwood, and leave off righteousness in the earth, 
Seek him that maketh the seven stars and Orion, and turneth the shadow of death into the morning, and maketh the day dark with night: t
324,rned quickly out of the way which their fathers walked in, obeying the commandments of the LORD; but they did not so. 
And when the LORD raised them up judges, then the LORD was with the judge, and delivered them out of the hand of their enemies all the days of the judge: for it repented the LORD because of their groanings
282,ere fell down many slain, because the war was of God. And they dwelt in their steads until the captivity. 
And the children of the half tribe of Manasseh dwelt in the land: they increased from Bashan unto Baalhermon and Senir, and unto mount Hermon. 
And these were the heads of the
308,ld, we are in thine hand: as it seemeth good and right unto thee to do unto us, do. 
And so did he unto them, and delivered them out of the hand of the children of Israel, that they slew them not. 
And Joshua made them that day hewers of wood and drawers of water for the congregation, and for the altar of t
274,ote them hip and thigh with a great slaughter: and he went down and dwelt in the top of the rock Etam. 
Then the Philistines went up, and pitched in Judah, and spread themselves in Lehi. 
And the men of Judah said, Why are ye come up against us? And they answered, To bind S
325,at keepeth the sabbath from polluting it, and taketh hold of my covenant; 
Even them will I bring to my holy mountain, and make them joyful in my house of prayer: their burnt offerings and their sacrifices shall be accepted upon mine altar; for mine house shall be called an house of prayer for all people. 
The Lord GOD, whi
338, God. 
All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made. 
In him was life; and the life was the light of men. 
And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not. 
There was a man sent from God, whose name was John. 
The same came for a witness, to bear witness of the Light, that all
326, me against the evildoers? or who will stand up for me against the workers of iniquity? 
Unless the LORD had been my help, my soul had almost dwelt in silence. 
When I said, My foot slippeth; thy mercy, O LORD, held me up. 
In the multitude of my thoughts within me thy comforts delight my soul. 
Shall the throne of iniquity 
316,ter the servant which is escaped from his master unto thee: 
He shall dwell with thee, even among you, in that place which he shall choose in one of thy gates, where it liketh him best: thou shalt not oppress him. 
There shall be no whore of the daughters of Israel, nor a sodomite of the sons of Israel. 
Thou shalt
303, me for his enemy, 
He putteth my feet in the stocks, he marketh all my paths. 
Behold, in this thou art not just: I will answer thee, that God is greater than man. 
Why dost thou strive against him? for he giveth not account of any of his matters. 
For God speaketh once, yea twice, yet man perceiveth 
293,old or hot. 
So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth. 
Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked: 
I counsel th
355,orn shall be exalted with honour. 
The wicked shall see it, and be grieved; he shall gnash with his teeth, and melt away: the desire of the wicked shall perish. 
Praise ye the LORD. Praise, O ye servants of the LORD, praise the name of the LORD. 
Blessed be the name of the LORD from this time forth and for evermore. 
From the rising of the sun unto the 
249,hall he say also unto them on the left hand, Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels: 
For I was an hungred, and ye gave me no meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me no drink: 
I was a stranger, and ye to
328,he posts thereof, and the arches thereof, and the windows to it round about: the length was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits. 
And the posts thereof were toward the utter court; and palm trees were upon the posts thereof, on this side, and on that side: and the going up to it had eight steps. 
And the chamb
278,s early with thy mercy; that we may rejoice and be glad all our days. 
Make us glad according to the days wherein thou hast afflicted us, and the years wherein we have seen evil. 
Let thy work appear unto thy servants, and thy glory unto their children. 
And let the beauty of t
330,f sinners. 
Rise, let us be going: behold, he is at hand that doth betray me. 
And while he yet spake, lo, Judas, one of the twelve, came, and with him a great multitude with swords and staves, from the chief priests and elders of the people. 
Now he that betrayed him gave them a sign, saying, Whomsoever I shall kiss, that same 
246,lderness: these forty years the LORD thy God hath been with thee; thou hast lacked nothing. 
And when we passed by from our brethren the children of Esau, which dwelt in Seir, through the way of the plain from Elath, and from Eziongaber, we turne
315,ts of the field shall eat. In like manner thou shalt deal with thy vineyard, and with thy oliveyard. 
Six days thou shalt do thy work, and on the seventh day thou shalt rest: that thine ox and thine ass may rest, and the son of thy handmaid, and the stranger, may be refreshed. 
And in all things that I have said u
242, she conceived, and bare a son, and he called his name Beriah, because it went evil with his house. 
(And his daughter was Sherah, who built Bethhoron the nether, and the upper, and Uzzensherah.) 
And Rephah was his son, also Resheph, and Tel
269, 
So they, being sent forth by the Holy Ghost, departed unto Seleucia; and from thence they sailed to Cyprus. 
And when they were at Salamis, they preached the word of God in the synagogues of the Jews: and they had also John to their minister. 
And when they had gone 
281,nt shall dwell in the wilderness, and righteousness remain in the fruitful field. 
And the work of righteousness shall be peace; and the effect of righteousness quietness and assurance for ever. 
And my people shall dwell in a peaceable habitation, and in sure dwellings, and in qu
254, hand of Moses and Aaron. 
And Moses wrote their goings out according to their journeys by the commandment of the LORD: and these are their journeys according to their goings out. 
And they departed from Rameses in the first month, on the fifteenth day o
291,ing up Christ again from the dead.) 
But what saith it? The word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth, and in thy heart: that is, the word of faith, which we preach; 
That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead
292,soul is melted because of trouble. 
They reel to and fro, and stagger like a drunken man, and are at their wit's end. 
Then they cry unto the LORD in their trouble, and he bringeth them out of their distresses. 
He maketh the storm a calm, so that the waves thereof are still. 
Then are they 
297,if he have no daughter, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his brethren. 
And if he have no brethren, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his father's brethren. 
And if his father have no brethren, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his kinsman that is next to him of his family, and
276,hich will not be charmed, and they shall bite you, saith the LORD. 
When I would comfort myself against sorrow, my heart is faint in me. 
Behold the voice of the cry of the daughter of my people because of them that dwell in a far country: Is not the LORD in Zion? is not her 
305,s spake he not of himself: but being high priest that year, he prophesied that Jesus should die for that nation; 
And not for that nation only, but that also he should gather together in one the children of God that were scattered abroad. 
Then from that day forth they took counsel together for to put hi
349,are wrought by his hands? 
Is not this the carpenter, the son of Mary, the brother of James, and Joses, and of Juda, and Simon? and are not his sisters here with us? And they were offended at him. 
But Jesus, said unto them, A prophet is not without honour, but in his own country, and among his own kin, and in his own house. 
And he could there do
328,ty of us all. 
He was oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth: he is brought as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep before her shearers is dumb, so he openeth not his mouth. 
He was taken from prison and from judgment: and who shall declare his generation? for he was cut off out of the land of the livi
306,hain heavy. 
Also when I cry and shout, he shutteth out my prayer. 
He hath inclosed my ways with hewn stone, he hath made my paths crooked. 
He was unto me as a bear lying in wait, and as a lion in secret places. 
He hath turned aside my ways, and pulled me in pieces: he hath made me desolate. 
He hath b
336,did lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof. 
And the nations of them which are saved shall walk in the light of it: and the kings of the earth do bring their glory and honour into it. 
And the gates of it shall not be shut at all by day: for there shall be no night there. 
And they shall bring the glory and honour of the nation
319,ed thee: seven days shalt thou consecrate them. 
And thou shalt offer every day a bullock for a sin offering for atonement: and thou shalt cleanse the altar, when thou hast made an atonement for it, and thou shalt anoint it, to sanctify it. 
Seven days thou shalt make an atonement for the altar, and sanctify it; and i
270, and Joshua chose out thirty thousand mighty men of valour, and sent them away by night. 
And he commanded them, saying, Behold, ye shall lie in wait against the city, even behind the city: go not very far from the city, but be ye all ready: 
And I, and all the people t
270, your loins girded, your shoes on your feet, and your staff in your hand; and ye shall eat it in haste: it is the LORD's passover. 
For I will pass through the land of Egypt this night, and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast; and again
327,the husbandmen of the fruit of the vineyard. 
And they caught him, and beat him, and sent him away empty. 
And again he sent unto them another servant; and at him they cast stones, and wounded him in the head, and sent him away shamefully handled. 
And again he sent another; and him they killed, and many others; beating some,
251,ing over the well's mouth, and spread ground corn thereon; and the thing was not known. 
And when Absalom's servants came to the woman to the house, they said, Where is Ahimaaz and Jonathan? And the woman said unto them, They be gone over the brook of
265,ing upon mount Gerizim, and the curse upon mount Ebal. 
Are they not on the other side Jordan, by the way where the sun goeth down, in the land of the Canaanites, which dwell in the champaign over against Gilgal, beside the plains of Moreh? 
For ye shall pass over 
360,ry with Aaron to have destroyed him: and I prayed for Aaron also the same time. 
And I took your sin, the calf which ye had made, and burnt it with fire, and stamped it, and ground it very small, even until it was as small as dust: and I cast the dust thereof into the brook that descended out of the mount. 
And at Taberah, and at Massah, and at Kibrothhattaa
245,ed Niger, and Lucius of Cyrene, and Manaen, which had been brought up with Herod the tetrarch, and Saul. 
As they ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them. 

353,r with thee. And when he heard it, he sent messengers to Hezekiah, saying, 
Thus shall ye speak to Hezekiah king of Judah, saying, Let not thy God, in whom thou trustest, deceive thee, saying, Jerusalem shall not be given into the hand of the king of Assyria. 
Behold, thou hast heard what the kings of Assyria have done to all lands by destroying them 
317,. 
And he said O LORD God of my master Abraham, I pray thee, send me good speed this day, and shew kindness unto my master Abraham. 
Behold, I stand here by the well of water; and the daughters of the men of the city come out to draw water: 
And let it come to pass, that the damsel to whom I shall say, Let down thy 
264,or. 
For I through the law am dead to the law, that I might live unto God. 
I am crucified with Christ: neverthless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me: and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave
330,it came to pass, when I heard these words, that I sat down and wept, and mourned certain days, and fasted, and prayed before the God of heaven, 
And said, I beseech thee, O LORD God of heaven, the great and terrible God, that keepeth covenant and mercy for them that love him and observe his commandments: 
Let thine ear now be at
245,thee, I will open thy mouth, and thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; He that heareth, let him hear; and he that forbeareth, let him forbear: for they are a rebellious house. 
Thou also, son of man, take thee a tile, and lay it bef
270, into the world, that we might live through him. 
Herein is love, not that we loved God, but that he loved us, and sent his Son to be the propitiation for our sins. 
Beloved, if God so loved us, we ought also to love one another. 
No man hath seen God at any time. If we
333,ell said. 
And after that they durst not ask him any question at all. 
And he said unto them, How say they that Christ is David's son? 
And David himself saith in the book of Psalms, The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, 
Till I make thine enemies thy footstool. 
David therefore calleth him Lord, how is he then his
318,hy word: for all thy commandments are righteousness. 
Let thine hand help me; for I have chosen thy precepts. 
I have longed for thy salvation, O LORD; and thy law is my delight. 
Let my soul live, and it shall praise thee; and let thy judgments help me. 
I have gone astray like a lost sheep; seek thy servant; for I 
258,e came to Ptolemais, and saluted the brethren, and abode with them one day. 
And the next day we that were of Paul's company departed, and came unto Caesarea: and we entered into the house of Philip the evangelist, which was one of the seven; and abode with 
265,to the eleven as they sat at meat, and upbraided them with their unbelief and hardness of heart, because they believed not them which had seen him after he was risen. 
And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature. 
He tha
323,hild, and nursed it. 
And the child grew, and she brought him unto Pharaoh's daughter, and he became her son. And she called his name Moses: and she said, Because I drew him out of the water. 
And it came to pass in those days, when Moses was grown, that he went out unto his brethren, and looked on their burdens: and he s
320,ng one to another in dances, saying, Saul slew his thousands, and David his ten thousands? 
Then Achish called David, and said unto him, Surely, as the LORD liveth, thou hast been upright, and thy going out and thy coming in with me in the host is good in my sight: for I have not found evil in thee since the day of thy
302,re shall be no herd in the stalls: 
Yet I will rejoice in the LORD, I will joy in the God of my salvation. 
The LORD God is my strength, and he will make my feet like hinds' feet, and he will make me to walk upon mine high places. To the chief singer on my stringed instruments. 
The word of the LORD w
359, the voice; with the voice together shall they sing: for they shall see eye to eye, when the LORD shall bring again Zion. 
Break forth into joy, sing together, ye waste places of Jerusalem: for the LORD hath comforted his people, he hath redeemed Jerusalem. 
The LORD hath made bare his holy arm in the eyes of all the nations; and all the ends of the earth s
301,one the wrong, nor for his cause that suffered wrong, but that our care for you in the sight of God might appear unto you. 
Therefore we were comforted in your comfort: yea, and exceedingly the more joyed we for the joy of Titus, because his spirit was refreshed by you all. 
For if I have boasted any
262,aith, being much more precious than of gold that perisheth, though it be tried with fire, might be found unto praise and honour and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ: 
Whom having not seen, ye love; in whom, though now ye see him not, yet believing, ye rejo
278, the LORD spake, and came to Bethlehem. And the elders of the town trembled at his coming, and said, Comest thou peaceably? 
And he said, Peaceably: I am come to sacrifice unto the LORD: sanctify yourselves, and come with me to the sacrifice. And he sanctified Jesse and his son
263,ince according to the writing thereof, and to every people after their language, that every man should bear rule in his own house, and that it should be published according to the language of every people. 
After these things, when the wrath of king Ahasuerus was
270,shall be no night there; and they need no candle, neither light of the sun; for the Lord God giveth them light: and they shall reign for ever and ever. 
And he said unto me, These sayings are faithful and true: and the Lord God of the holy prophets sent his angel to she
346,een throughout all the mount; neither let the flocks nor herds feed before that mount. 
And he hewed two tables of stone like unto the first; and Moses rose up early in the morning, and went up unto mount Sinai, as the LORD had commanded him, and took in his hand the two tables of stone. 
And the LORD descended in the cloud, and stood with him 
351,lifted up his voice, and cried, and said unto them, Hearken unto me, ye men of Shechem, that God may hearken unto you. 
The trees went forth on a time to anoint a king over them; and they said unto the olive tree, Reign thou over us. 
But the olive tree said unto them, Should I leave my fatness, wherewith by me they honour God and man, and go to be 
287,ar were valiant men of might, reckoned in all by their genealogies fourscore and seven thousand. 
The sons of Benjamin; Bela, and Becher, and Jediael, three. 
And the sons of Bela; Ezbon, and Uzzi, and Uzziel, and Jerimoth, and Iri, five; heads of the house of their fathers, mighty men 
293,And if Satan rise up against himself, and be divided, he cannot stand, but hath an end. 
No man can enter into a strong man's house, and spoil his goods, except he will first bind the strong man; and then he will spoil his house. 
Verily I say unto you, All sins shall be forgiven unto the son
315,that it might be a shadow over his head, to deliver him from his grief. So Jonah was exceeding glad of the gourd. 
But God prepared a worm when the morning rose the next day, and it smote the gourd that it withered. 
And it came to pass, when the sun did arise, that God prepared a vehement east wind; and the sun b
295, 
Yea, brother, let me have joy of thee in the Lord: refresh my bowels in the Lord. 
Having confidence in thy obedience I wrote unto thee, knowing that thou wilt also do more than I say. 
But withal prepare me also a lodging: for I trust that through your prayers I shall be given unto you. 
The
270,RD. 
The LORD hath opened his armoury, and hath brought forth the weapons of his indignation: for this is the work of the Lord GOD of hosts in the land of the Chaldeans. 
Come against her from the utmost border, open her storehouses: cast her up as heaps, and destroy he
242,ye stand; 
By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. 
For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scrip
261, virginity. 
A widow, or a divorced woman, or profane, or an harlot, these shall he not take: but he shall take a virgin of his own people to wife. 
Neither shall he profane his seed among his people: for I the LORD do sanctify him. 
And the LORD spake unto Mos
244,us. And Moses prayed for the people. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Make thee a fiery serpent, and set it upon a pole: and it shall come to pass, that every one that is bitten, when he looketh upon it, shall live. 
And Moses made a serpent of b
275,dient children, not fashioning yourselves according to the former lusts in your ignorance: 
But as he which hath called you is holy, so be ye holy in all manner of conversation; 
Because it is written, Be ye holy; for I am holy. 
And if ye call on the Father, who without res
325, fast in the faith, quit you like men, be strong. 
Let all your things be done with charity. 
I beseech you, brethren, (ye know the house of Stephanas, that it is the firstfruits of Achaia, and that they have addicted themselves to the ministry of the saints,) 
That ye submit yourselves unto such, and to every one that help
300, eyes, they shall put it in their hand, and take it away. 
Then the king of Israel called all the elders of the land, and said, Mark, I pray you, and see how this man seeketh mischief: for he sent unto me for my wives, and for my children, and for my silver, and for my gold; and I denied him not. 
A
307,it had eight steps. 
And he brought me to the north gate, and measured it according to these measures; 
The little chambers thereof, the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, and the windows to it round about: the length was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits. 
And the posts thereof were
335,ke you a graven image, or the likeness of any thing, which the LORD thy God hath forbidden thee. 
For the LORD thy God is a consuming fire, even a jealous God. 
When thou shalt beget children, and children's children, and ye shall have remained long in the land, and shall corrupt yourselves, and make a graven image, or the likeness o
256, us concerning our work and toil of our hands, because of the ground which the LORD hath cursed. 
And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five years, and begat sons and daughters: 
And all the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy 
314,ervant, ye children of Jacob, his chosen ones. 
He is the LORD our God; his judgments are in all the earth. 
Be ye mindful always of his covenant; the word which he commanded to a thousand generations; 
Even of the covenant which he made with Abraham, and of his oath unto Isaac; 
And hath confirmed the same to Ja
278,, it shall not be bound up to be healed, to put a roller to bind it, to make it strong to hold the sword. 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against Pharaoh king of Egypt, and will break his arms, the strong, and that which was broken; and I will cause the sword t
360,the people, and sanctified the people; and they washed their clothes. 
And he said unto the people, Be ready against the third day: come not at your wives. 
And it came to pass on the third day in the morning, that there were thunders and lightnings, and a thick cloud upon the mount, and the voice of the trumpet exceeding loud; so that all the people that wa
308,unblameably we behaved ourselves among you that believe: 
As ye know how we exhorted and comforted and charged every one of you, as a father doth his children, 
That ye would walk worthy of God, who hath called you unto his kingdom and glory. 
For this cause also thank we God without ceasing, because, when 
312, my salvation. 
Therefore with joy shall ye draw water out of the wells of salvation. 
And in that day shall ye say, Praise the LORD, call upon his name, declare his doings among the people, make mention that his name is exalted. 
Sing unto the LORD; for he hath done excellent things: this is known in all the e
324,flood of Egypt. 
It is he that buildeth his stories in the heaven, and hath founded his troop in the earth; he that calleth for the waters of the sea, and poureth them out upon the face of the earth: The LORD is his name. 
Are ye not as children of the Ethiopians unto me, O children of Israel? saith the LORD. Have not I br
290,lay all night upon the earth. 
And the elders of his house arose, and went to him, to raise him up from the earth: but he would not, neither did he eat bread with them. 
And it came to pass on the seventh day, that the child died. And the servants of David feared to tell him that the child
241,ved, and were baptized. 
Then spake the Lord to Paul in the night by a vision, Be not afraid, but speak, and hold not thy peace: 
For I am with thee, and no man shall set on thee to hurt thee: for I have much people in this city. 
And he con
301,king, That Daniel, which is of the children of the captivity of Judah, regardeth not thee, O king, nor the decree that thou hast signed, but maketh his petition three times a day. 
Then the king, when he heard these words, was sore displeased with himself, and set his heart on Daniel to deliver him: 
271,, to make a graven image and a molten image: now therefore I will restore it unto thee. 
Yet he restored the money unto his mother; and his mother took two hundred shekels of silver, and gave them to the founder, who made thereof a graven image and a molten image: and th
252,Egypt was glad when they departed: for the fear of them fell upon them. 
He spread a cloud for a covering; and fire to give light in the night. 
The people asked, and he brought quails, and satisfied them with the bread of heaven. 
He opened the rock, 
305,braham. And Isaac went unto Abimelech king of the Philistines unto Gerar. 
And the LORD appeared unto him, and said, Go not down into Egypt; dwell in the land which I shall tell thee of: 
Sojourn in this land, and I will be with thee, and will bless thee; for unto thee, and unto thy seed, I will give all
299,iding of his power. 
Before him went the pestilence, and burning coals went forth at his feet. 
He stood, and measured the earth: he beheld, and drove asunder the nations; and the everlasting mountains were scattered, the perpetual hills did bow: his ways are everlasting. 
I saw the tents of Cushan
336,und the language of all the earth: and from thence did the LORD scatter them abroad upon the face of all the earth. 
These are the generations of Shem: Shem was an hundred years old, and begat Arphaxad two years after the flood: 
And Shem lived after he begat Arphaxad five hundred years, and begat sons and daughters. 
And Arphaxad liv
259, his disciples word. 
And as they went to tell his disciples, behold, Jesus met them, saying, All hail. And they came and held him by the feet, and worshipped him. 
Then said Jesus unto them, Be not afraid: go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and t
296,risoners, who are of note among the apostles, who also were in Christ before me. 
Greet Amplias my beloved in the Lord. 
Salute Urbane, our helper in Christ, and Stachys my beloved. 
Salute Apelles approved in Christ. Salute them which are of Aristobulus' household. 
Salute Herodion my kinsman. 
268,h all manner of precious stones. The first foundation was jasper; the second, sapphire; the third, a chalcedony; the fourth, an emerald; 
The fifth, sardonyx; the sixth, sardius; the seventh, chrysolyte; the eighth, beryl; the ninth, a topaz; the tenth, a chrysoprasus
245,ainst Israel. 
And it was so, that when the children of Ammon made war against Israel, the elders of Gilead went to fetch Jephthah out of the land of Tob: 
And they said unto Jephthah, Come, and be our captain, that we may fight with the childre
335,urbs, and Almon with her suburbs; four cities. 
All the cities of the children of Aaron, the priests, were thirteen cities with their suburbs. 
And the families of the children of Kohath, the Levites which remained of the children of Kohath, even they had the cities of their lot out of the tribe of Ephraim. 
For they gave them Sheche
282,all the mingled people, and all the kings of the land of Uz, and all the kings of the land of the Philistines, and Ashkelon, and Azzah, and Ekron, and the remnant of Ashdod, 
Edom, and Moab, and the children of Ammon, 
And all the kings of Tyrus, and all the kings of Zidon, and the
346,ps shall praise thee. 
Thus will I bless thee while I live: I will lift up my hands in thy name. 
My soul shall be satisfied as with marrow and fatness; and my mouth shall praise thee with joyful lips: 
When I remember thee upon my bed, and meditate on thee in the night watches. 
Because thou hast been my help, therefore in the shadow of thy wi
299,the name of the LORD. 
So when David was old and full of days, he made Solomon his son king over Israel. 
And he gathered together all the princes of Israel, with the priests and the Levites. 
Now the Levites were numbered from the age of thirty years and upward: and their number by their polls, ma
274,ather: for so it seemed good in thy sight. 
All things are delivered unto me of my Father: and no man knoweth the Son, but the Father; neither knoweth any man the Father, save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal him. 
Come unto me, all ye that labour and are h
256,hich worketh in me mightily. 
For I would that ye knew what great conflict I have for you, and for them at Laodicea, and for as many as have not seen my face in the flesh; 
That their hearts might be comforted, being knit together in love, and unto all ric
247, were made sweet: there he made for them a statute and an ordinance, and there he proved them, 
And said, If thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God, and wilt do that which is right in his sight, and wilt give ear to his comm
342,ther shall the Arabian pitch tent there; neither shall the shepherds make their fold there. 
But wild beasts of the desert shall lie there; and their houses shall be full of doleful creatures; and owls shall dwell there, and satyrs shall dance there. 
And the wild beasts of the islands shall cry in their desolate houses, and dragons in thei
314,enquired for him. 
Hold thy peace at the presence of the Lord GOD: for the day of the LORD is at hand: for the LORD hath prepared a sacrifice, he hath bid his guests. 
And it shall come to pass in the day of the LORD's sacrifice, that I will punish the princes, and the king's children, and all such as are clothed
273,that he might make thee know that man doth not live by bread only, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of the LORD doth man live. 
Thy raiment waxed not old upon thee, neither did thy foot swell, these forty years. 
Thou shalt also consider in thine heart, t
360,morter, seeing vanity, and divining lies unto them, saying, Thus saith the Lord GOD, when the LORD hath not spoken. 
The people of the land have used oppression, and exercised robbery, and have vexed the poor and needy: yea, they have oppressed the stranger wrongfully. 
And I sought for a man among them, that should make up the hedge, and stand in the gap be
317,e days of his vain life which he spendeth as a shadow? for who can tell a man what shall be after him under the sun? 
A good name is better than precious ointment; and the day of death than the day of one's birth. 
It is better to go to the house of mourning, than to go to the house of feasting: for that is the end 
302,d without God in the world: 
But now in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ. 
For he is our peace, who hath made both one, and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us; 
Having abolished in his flesh the enmity, even the law of commandments c
293,halt bruise his heel. 
Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee. 
And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife,
256, thou be when thou comest in, and cursed shalt thou be when thou goest out. 
The LORD shall send upon thee cursing, vexation, and rebuke, in all that thou settest thine hand unto for to do, until thou be destroyed, and until thou perish quickly; because of
299,ng the heathen, saith the LORD of hosts. 
But ye have profaned it, in that ye say, The table of the LORD is polluted; and the fruit thereof, even his meat, is contemptible. 
Ye said also, Behold, what a weariness is it! and ye have snuffed at it, saith the LORD of hosts; and ye brought that which w
312,o the Lord, and spake of him to all them that looked for redemption in Jerusalem. 
And when they had performed all things according to the law of the Lord, they returned into Galilee, to their own city Nazareth. 
And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, filled with wisdom: and the grace of God was upon h
277,me to pass, when all these things are come upon thee, the blessing and the curse, which I have set before thee, and thou shalt call them to mind among all the nations, whither the LORD thy God hath driven thee, 
And shalt return unto the LORD thy God, and shalt obey his voice 
289,the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Also on the tenth day of this seventh month there shall be a day of atonement: it shall be an holy convocation unto you; and ye shall afflict your souls, and offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD. 
And ye shall do no work in that same day: for it
332, perish. 
Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine a vain thing? 
The kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together, against the LORD, and against his anointed, saying, 
Let us break their bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us. 
He that sitteth in the heavens shall laugh: the LORD shall 
306, and take you up every man of you a stone upon his shoulder, according unto the number of the tribes of the children of Israel: 
That this may be a sign among you, that when your children ask their fathers in time to come, saying, What mean ye by these stones? 
Then ye shall answer them, That the waters o
328,hraim shall be like a mighty man, and their heart shall rejoice as through wine: yea, their children shall see it, and be glad; their heart shall rejoice in the LORD. 
I will hiss for them, and gather them; for I have redeemed them: and they shall increase as they have increased. 
And I will sow them among the people: and they
275,pon him my new name. 
He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches. 
And unto the angel of the church of the Laodiceans write; These things saith the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God; 
I know thy works, th
275, vexed his holy Spirit: therefore he was turned to be their enemy, and he fought against them. 
Then he remembered the days of old, Moses, and his people, saying, Where is he that brought them up out of the sea with the shepherd of his flock? where is he that put his holy Sp
297,re: for there the ship was to unlade her burden. 
And finding disciples, we tarried there seven days: who said to Paul through the Spirit, that he should not go up to Jerusalem. 
And when we had accomplished those days, we departed and went our way; and they all brought us on our way, with wives 
271, that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches. 
And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia write; These things saith he that is holy, he that is true, he that hath the key of David, he that openeth, and no man shutteth; and shutteth, and no 
258, hath with his hand fulfilled it, saying, 
Since the day that I brought forth my people Israel out of Egypt, I chose no city out of all the tribes of Israel to build an house, that my name might be therein; but I chose David to be over my people Israel. 
And
346,s above all the people;) and when he opened it, all the people stood up: 
And Ezra blessed the LORD, the great God. And all the people answered, Amen, Amen, with lifting up their hands: and they bowed their heads, and worshipped the LORD with their faces to the ground. 
Also Jeshua, and Bani, and Sherebiah, Jamin, Akkub, Shabbethai, Hodijah, Ma
271,em chariots and horsemen out of Mesopotamia, and out of Syriamaachah, and out of Zobah. 
So they hired thirty and two thousand chariots, and the king of Maachah and his people; who came and pitched before Medeba. And the children of Ammon gathered themselves together fro
353,e grace of God; lest any root of bitterness springing up trouble you, and thereby many be defiled; 
Lest there be any fornicator, or profane person, as Esau, who for one morsel of meat sold his birthright. 
For ye know how that afterward, when he would have inherited the blessing, he was rejected: for he found no place of repentance, though he sought 
