1000
207,ive he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Nahshon the son of Amminadab. 
On the second day Nethaneel the son of Zuar, prince of Issachar, did offer: 
He offered for his offering on
226,d of fine linen. 
And all the women whose heart stirred them up in wisdom spun goats' hair. 
And the rulers brought onyx stones, and stones to be set, for the ephod, and for the breastplate; 
And spice, and oil for the light, 
182,ue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, of needlework; 
And the five pillars of it with their hooks: and he overlaid their chapiters and their fillets with gold: but thei
206,ari by their families, which were remaining of the families of the Levites, were by their lot twelve cities. 
All the cities of the Levites within the possession of the children of Israel were forty and eig
163,him into the dungeon of Malchiah the son of Hammelech, that was in the court of the prison: and they let down Jeremiah with cords. And in the dungeon there was no 
210,he LORD chase them. 
Let their way be dark and slippery: and let the angel of the LORD persecute them. 
For without cause have they hid for me their net in a pit, which without cause they have digged for my sou
228,ur soul. 
Ye shall walk after the LORD your God, and fear him, and keep his commandments, and obey his voice, and ye shall serve him, and cleave unto him. 
And that prophet, or that dreamer of dreams, shall be put to death; beca
182,en vanity, and the diviners have seen a lie, and have told false dreams; they comfort in vain: therefore they went their way as a flock, they were troubled, because there was no shep
187,street which is called Straight, and enquire in the house of Judas for one called Saul, of Tarsus: for, behold, he prayeth, 
And hath seen in a vision a man named Ananias coming in, and p
200,g, with a fleshhook of three teeth in his hand; 
And he struck it into the pan, or kettle, or caldron, or pot; all that the fleshhook brought up the priest took for himself. So they did in Shiloh unto
238,rasshoppers for multitude; for both they and their camels were without number: and they entered into the land to destroy it. 
And Israel was greatly impoverished because of the Midianites; and the children of Israel cried unto the LORD. 

217, LORD, and said, We beseech thee, O LORD, we beseech thee, let us not perish for this man's life, and lay not upon us innocent blood: for thou, O LORD, hast done as it pleased thee. 
So they look up Jonah, and cast hi
210,to him for righteousness. 
And he said unto him, I am the LORD that brought thee out of Ur of the Chaldees, to give thee this land to inherit it. 
And he said, LORD God, whereby shall I know that I shall inheri
221,e. 
Waters flowed over mine head; then I said, I am cut off. 
I called upon thy name, O LORD, out of the low dungeon. 
Thou hast heard my voice: hide not thine ear at my breathing, at my cry. 
Thou drewest near in the day
222,em, and said, Arise, and be not afraid. 
And when they had lifted up their eyes, they saw no man, save Jesus only. 
And as they came down from the mountain, Jesus charged them, saying, Tell the vision to no man, until the 
166,th, and afterward the hands of all the people. So thou shalt put the evil away from among you. 
If there arise a matter too hard for thee in judgment, between blood a
236, and his left foot on the earth, 
And cried with a loud voice, as when a lion roareth: and when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices. 
And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write: and I heard 
219,ts, Except your youngest brother come down with you, ye shall see my face no more. 
And it came to pass when we came up unto thy servant my father, we told him the words of my lord. 
And our father said, Go again, and b
219, body, which seem to be more feeble, are necessary: 
And those members of the body, which we think to be less honourable, upon these we bestow more abundant honour; and our uncomely parts have more abundant comeliness. 
225,forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace; 
Wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence; 
Having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure which he hath purpo
187, that consumeth to destruction, and would root out all mine increase. 
If I did despise the cause of my manservant or of my maidservant, when they contended with me; 
What then shall I do
201,lemish; 
And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner: 
And one goat for a sin offering; bes
231,and shall pour out his blood at the bottom of the altar of burnt offering. 
And he shall burn all his fat upon the altar, as the fat of the sacrifice of peace offerings: and the priest shall make an atonement for him as concerning 
194, his cities unto the Levites according to his inheritance which he inheriteth. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye be come over
218, shoot from the wall? 
Who smote Abimelech the son of Jerubbesheth? did not a woman cast a piece of a millstone upon him from the wall, that he died in Thebez? why went ye nigh the wall? then say thou, Thy servant Uria
214,n high among the people. 
And there came in two men, children of Belial, and sat before him: and the men of Belial witnessed against him, even against Naboth, in the presence of the people, saying, Naboth did blasp
164, king of Adullam, one; 
The king of Makkedah, one; the king of Bethel, one; 
The king of Tappuah, one; the king of Hepher, one; 
The king of Aphek, one; the king of
186,stines followed hard after Saul, and after his sons; and the Philistines slew Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, the sons of Saul. 
And the battle went sore against Saul, and the ar
225,ckedly in the sanctuary. 
Thine enemies roar in the midst of thy congregations; they set up their ensigns for signs. 
A man was famous according as he had lifted up axes upon the thick trees. 
But now they break down the carv
173,f their forefathers, which refused to hear my words; and they went after other gods to serve them: the house of Israel and the house of Judah have broken my covenant which I
226,in their walk; they shall make haste to the wall thereof, and the defence shall be prepared. 
The gates of the rivers shall be opened, and the palace shall be dissolved. 
And Huzzab shall be led away captive, she shall be brou
187,or ye are not as yet come to the rest and to the inheritance, which the LORD your God giveth you. 
But when ye go over Jordan, and dwell in the land which the LORD your God giveth you to 
203,d is far from me. 
How oft is the candle of the wicked put out! and how oft cometh their destruction upon them! God distributeth sorrows in his anger. 
They are as stubble before the wind, and as chaff t
173,ey shall teach Jacob thy judgments, and Israel thy law: they shall put incense before thee, and whole burnt sacrifice upon thine altar. 
Bless, LORD, his substance, and acce
189,o prayer, and to the ministry of the word. 
And the saying pleased the whole multitude: and they chose Stephen, a man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, and Philip, and Prochorus, and Nic
195,thou promisedst him, saying, There shall not fail thee a man in my sight to sit on the throne of Israel; so that thy children take heed to their way, that they walk before me as thou hast walked 
225,, my brethren dearly beloved and longed for, my joy and crown, so stand fast in the Lord, my dearly beloved. 
I beseech Euodias, and beseech Syntyche, that they be of the same mind in the Lord. 
And I intreat thee also, true 
182,e it every sabbath. 
And these are the singers, chief of the fathers of the Levites, who remaining in the chambers were free: for they were employed in that work day and night. 
Thes
234, shall choose to place his name in, there thou shalt sacrifice the passover at even, at the going down of the sun, at the season that thou camest forth out of Egypt. 
And thou shalt roast and eat it in the place which the LORD thy God
167,ld, your house is left unto you desolate. 
For I say unto you, Ye shall not see me henceforth, till ye shall say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. 
A
161,not do it for David thy father's sake: but I will rend it out of the hand of thy son. 
Howbeit I will not rend away all the kingdom; but will give one tribe to t
202,ng, What thinkest thou, Simon? of whom do the kings of the earth take custom or tribute? of their own children, or of strangers? 
Peter saith unto him, Of strangers. Jesus saith unto him, Then are the c
187,th. 
And I beheld, and I heard the voice of many angels round about the throne and the beasts and the elders: and the number of them was ten thousand times ten thousand, and thousands of 
236, before his ancients gloriously. 
O Lord, thou art my God; I will exalt thee, I will praise thy name; for thou hast done wonderful things; thy counsels of old are faithfulness and truth. 
For thou hast made of a city an heap; of a defen
186, washed from their filthiness. 
There is a generation, O how lofty are their eyes! and their eyelids are lifted up. 
There is a generation, whose teeth are as swords, and their jaw teeth
235,ship him, every one from his place, even all the isles of the heathen. 
Ye Ethiopians also, ye shall be slain by my sword. 
And he will stretch out his hand against the north, and destroy Assyria; and will make Nineveh a desolation, an
204,eremoth, 
And Zebadiah, and Arad, and Ader, 
And Michael, and Ispah, and Joha, the sons of Beriah; 
And Zebadiah, and Meshullam, and Hezeki, and Heber, 
Ishmerai also, and Jezliah, and Jobab, the sons of 
168,men. 
Their horses were seven hundred thirty and six; their mules, two hundred forty and five; 
Their camels, four hundred thirty and five; their asses, six thousand se
202,y multitude of words. 
When thou vowest a vow unto God, defer not to pay it; for he hath no pleasure in fools: pay that which thou hast vowed. 
Better is it that thou shouldest not vow, than that thou s
219, and he saith, I cannot; for it is sealed: 
And the book is delivered to him that is not learned, saying, Read this, I pray thee: and he saith, I am not learned. 
Wherefore the Lord said, Forasmuch as this people draw n
211,ll understand that these men have provoked the LORD. 
And it came to pass, as he had made an end of speaking all these words, that the ground clave asunder that was under them: 
And the earth opened her mouth, a
238,dwelt in Egypt a long time; and the Egyptians vexed us, and our fathers: 
And when we cried unto the LORD, he heard our voice, and sent an angel, and hath brought us forth out of Egypt: and, behold, we are in Kadesh, a city in the uttermo
200,nding the land shall be divided by lot: according to the names of the tribes of their fathers they shall inherit. 
According to the lot shall the possession thereof be divided between many and few. 
A
185,he name of Jesus of Nazareth. 
Which thing I also did in Jerusalem: and many of the saints did I shut up in prison, having received authority from the chief priests; and when they were 
187,I commanded them, so ye shall observe to do. 
Remember what the LORD thy God did unto Miriam by the way, after that ye were come forth out of Egypt. 
When thou dost lend thy brother any t
180, fury; thou hast drunken the dregs of the cup of trembling, and wrung them out. 
There is none to guide her among all the sons whom she hath brought forth; neither is there any tha
205,n away from the city. 
And there was not a man left in Ai or Bethel, that went not out after Israel: and they left the city open, and pursued after Israel. 
And the LORD said unto Joshua, Stretch out the s
194,em, Is not this he, whom they seek to kill? 
But, lo, he speaketh boldly, and they say nothing unto him. Do the rulers know indeed that this is the very Christ? 
Howbeit we know this man whence 
161,ore them, and rejoiced, believing in God with all his house. 
And when it was day, the magistrates sent the serjeants, saying, Let those men go. 
And the keeper 
179,ixth day the bread of two days; abide ye every man in his place, let no man go out of his place on the seventh day. 
So the people rested on the seventh day. 
And the house of Isr
213,rari by Jaaziah; Beno, and Shoham, and Zaccur, and Ibri. 
Of Mahli came Eleazar, who had no sons. 
Concerning Kish: the son of Kish was Jerahmeel. 
The sons also of Mushi; Mahli, and Eder, and Jerimoth. These were
214,f iniquity boast themselves? 
They break in pieces thy people, O LORD, and afflict thine heritage. 
They slay the widow and the stranger, and murder the fatherless. 
Yet they say, The LORD shall not see, neither sh
226,he LORD will command concerning you. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If any man of you or of your posterity shall be unclean by reason of a dead body, or be in a journey afar
214, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. 
Love worketh no ill to his neighbour: therefore love is the fulfilling of the law. 
And that, knowing the time, that now it is high time to awake out of sleep: for now is
179,ldren: 
Let them praise the name of the LORD: for his name alone is excellent; his glory is above the earth and heaven. 
He also exalteth the horn of his people, the praise of all
209, unto all the dwellers at Jerusalem; insomuch as that field is called in their proper tongue, Aceldama, that is to say, The field of blood. 
For it is written in the book of Psalms, Let his habitation be desol
238,he heathen do: for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking. 
Be not ye therefore like unto them: for your Father knoweth what things ye have need of, before ye ask him. 
After this manner therefore pray ye: Our Father 
201,ar, and the seeing eye, the LORD hath made even both of them. 
Love not sleep, lest thou come to poverty; open thine eyes, and thou shalt be satisfied with bread. 
It is naught, it is naught, saith the
178,a, she is broken that was the gates of the people: she is turned unto me: I shall be replenished, now she is laid waste: 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against 
232,and turneth herself to flee, and fear hath seized on her: anguish and sorrows have taken her, as a woman in travail. 
How is the city of praise not left, the city of my joy! 
Therefore her young men shall fall in her streets, and al
210,; 
Sihon king of the Amorites, and Og king of Bashan, and all the kingdoms of Canaan: 
And gave their land for an heritage, an heritage unto Israel his people. 
Thy name, O LORD, endureth for ever; and thy memo
169,nd guides, which say, Whosoever shall swear by the temple, it is nothing; but whosoever shall swear by the gold of the temple, he is a debtor! 
Ye fools and blind: for w
201,And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write: and I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered, and write them not. 
A
181, he measured from gate to gate toward the south an hundred cubits. 
And he brought me to the inner court by the south gate: and he measured the south gate according to these measure
167,the Canaanites, Hittites, and Amorites, and Perizzites, and Hivites, and Jebusites: 
And they took their daughters to be their wives, and gave their daughters to their
180, Salmon. 
The hill of God is as the hill of Bashan; an high hill as the hill of Bashan. 
Why leap ye, ye high hills? this is the hill which God desireth to dwell in; yea, the LORD 
181,that despised Moses' law died without mercy under two or three witnesses: 
Of how much sorer punishment, suppose ye, shall he be thought worthy, who hath trodden under foot the Son 
188, for ever unto the LORD; it shall be wholly burnt. 
For every meat offering for the priest shall be wholly burnt: it shall not be eaten. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto
167, all the good that he hath spoken concerning thee, and shall have appointed thee ruler over Israel; 
That this shall be no grief unto thee, nor offence of heart unto m
226,e living to the dead? 
To the law and to the testimony: if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them. 
And they shall pass through it, hardly bestead and hungry: and it shall come to pass, 
226,n the Lord. 
And it came to pass, that he tarried many days in Joppa with one Simon a tanner. 
There was a certain man in Caesarea called Cornelius, a centurion of the band called the Italian band, 
A devout man, and one that 
191,phim, and the molten image: and the priest stood in the entering of the gate with the six hundred men that were appointed with weapons of war. 
And these went into Micah's house, and fetched 
193,ther can men hear the voice of the cattle; both the fowl of the heavens and the beast are fled; they are gone. 
And I will make Jerusalem heaps, and a den of dragons; and I will make the cities
181,hich ye have been taught, whether by word, or our epistle. 
Now our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and God, even our Father, which hath loved us, and hath given us everlasting consolati
169,our God. 
If thou wilt return, O Israel, saith the LORD, return unto me: and if thou wilt put away thine abominations out of my sight, then shalt thou not remove. 
And t
207,ion. 
I will send him against an hypocritical nation, and against the people of my wrath will I give him a charge, to take the spoil, and to take the prey, and to tread them down like the mire of the streets
215,the deceit of their heart. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the prophets that prophesy in my name, and I sent them not, yet they say, Sword and famine shall not be in this land; By sword and famine shall th
184,pass on the morrow, that Pashur brought forth Jeremiah out of the stocks. Then said Jeremiah unto him, The LORD hath not called thy name Pashur, but Magormissabib. 
For thus saith the 
194, is in heaven. 
Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works? 
And then will I
168,refore she came down wonderfully: she had no comforter. O LORD, behold my affliction: for the enemy hath magnified himself. 
The adversary hath spread out his hand upon
197,aw it, he built an altar before it; and Aaron made proclamation, and said, To morrow is a feast to the LORD. 
And they rose up early on the morrow, and offered burnt offerings, and brought peace of
213,angry with them, and deliver them over before their enemies, and they carry them away captives unto a land far off or near; 
Yet if they bethink themselves in the land whither they are carried captive, and turn an
198,in our streets: 
That our oxen may be strong to labour; that there be no breaking in, nor going out; that there be no complaining in our streets. 
Happy is that people, that is in such a case: yea, 
161,kingdom of God; neither doth corruption inherit incorruption. 
Behold, I shew you a mystery; We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed, 
In a moment, i
193,f God among you by miracles and wonders and signs, which God did by him in the midst of you, as ye yourselves also know: 
Him, being delivered by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of Go
166,gold, and silver, and brass, and stone, and of wood: which neither can see, nor hear, nor walk: 
Neither repented they of their murders, nor of their sorceries, nor o
213,heir ships, they shall stand upon the land; 
And shall cause their voice to be heard against thee, and shall cry bitterly, and shall cast up dust upon their heads, they shall wallow themselves in the ashes: 
And t
178, on his right hand, but the goats on the left. 
Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the 
237,hat ye shall do to the elders of these Jews for the building of this house of God: that of the king's goods, even of the tribute beyond the river, forthwith expenses be given unto these men, that they be not hindered. 
And that which the
167,re appointed to sound with cymbals of brass; 
And Zechariah, and Aziel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Unni, and Eliab, and Maaseiah, and Benaiah, with psalteries on
227,d of them, were forty and one thousand and five hundred. 
Then the tribe of Naphtali: and the captain of the children of Naphtali shall be Ahira the son of Enan. 
And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were fifty a
175, for ever. 
O give thanks to the Lord of lords: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
To him who alone doeth great wonders: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
To him that by wisdom
206,brother, and ye shall be kept in prison, that your words may be proved, whether there be any truth in you: or else by the life of Pharaoh surely ye are spies. 
And he put them all together into ward three d
168,s near kin: they shall bear their iniquity. 
And if a man shall lie with his uncle's wife, he hath uncovered his uncle's nakedness: they shall bear their sin; they shal
179,dom. 
Hear now my reasoning, and hearken to the pleadings of my lips. 
Will ye speak wickedly for God? and talk deceitfully for him? 
Will ye accept his person? will ye contend fo
233,ned himself to the LORD, speak, saying, The LORD hath utterly separated me from his people: neither let the eunuch say, Behold, I am a dry tree. 
For thus saith the LORD unto the eunuchs that keep my sabbaths, and choose the things t
221,ny more, lest they destroy my son. And he said, As the LORD liveth, there shall not one hair of thy son fall to the earth. 
Then the woman said, Let thine handmaid, I pray thee, speak one word unto my lord the king. And h
211,r the oxen stumbled. 
And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Uzza, and he smote him, because he put his hand to the ark: and there he died before God. 
And David was displeased, because the LORD had made 
237,of lies, ye are all physicians of no value. 
O that ye would altogether hold your peace! and it should be your wisdom. 
Hear now my reasoning, and hearken to the pleadings of my lips. 
Will ye speak wickedly for God? and talk deceitfully
174,hey journeyed from the east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar; and they dwelt there. 
And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn them thoro
214,manner, for a sweet savour, a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD. 
And ye shall have on the tenth day of this seventh month an holy convocation; and ye shall afflict your souls: ye shall not do any work therein: 
225,e driver. 
The range of the mountains is his pasture, and he searcheth after every green thing. 
Will the unicorn be willing to serve thee, or abide by thy crib? 
Canst thou bind the unicorn with his band in the furrow? or wi
184, and fetched, and brought them to his mother: and his mother made savoury meat, such as his father loved. 
And Rebekah took goodly raiment of her eldest son Esau, which were with her i
224,ur Lord. So then with the mind I myself serve the law of God; but with the flesh the law of sin. 
There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit. 
217,lothed in their robes, and they sat in a void place at the entering in of the gate of Samaria; and all the prophets prophesied before them. 
And Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah had made him horns of iron, and said, Thus
201, with thee. 
For whosoever exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted. 
Then said he also to him that bade him, When thou makest a dinner or a supper, call not thy 
238,s standing corn. 
When a man hath taken a wife, and married her, and it come to pass that she find no favour in his eyes, because he hath found some uncleanness in her: then let him write her a bill of divorcement, and give it in her hand
195,her gods to serve them, and ye shall dwell in the land which I have given to you and to your fathers: but ye have not inclined your ear, nor hearkened unto me. 
Because the sons of Jonadab the so
190,n as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel; 
Which also said, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? this same Jesus, which is taken up from you into hea
170, exact of them money and corn: I pray you, let us leave off this usury. 
Restore, I pray you, to them, even this day, their lands, their vineyards, their oliveyards, and 
171,ght have some fruit among you also, even as among other Gentiles. 
I am debtor both to the Greeks, and to the Barbarians; both to the wise, and to the unwise. 
So, as much
218,e, thou shalt be clear from my oath. 
And I came this day unto the well, and said, O LORD God of my master Abraham, if now thou do prosper my way which I go: 
Behold, I stand by the well of water; and it shall come to 
224,and is power and might; and in thine hand it is to make great, and to give strength unto all. 
Now therefore, our God, we thank thee, and praise thy glorious name. 
But who am I, and what is my people, that we should be able
201, brought him to his house. And he told Laban all these things. 
And Laban said to him, Surely thou art my bone and my flesh. And he abode with him the space of a month. 
And Laban said unto Jacob, Beca
191,of fire: from the appearance of his loins even downward, fire; and from his loins even upward, as the appearance of brightness, as the colour of amber. 
And he put forth the form of an hand, 
186,) Let us do evil, that good may come? whose damnation is just. 
What then? are we better than they? No, in no wise: for we have before proved both Jews and Gentiles, that they are all un
186,n, ninety and five. 
The men of Bethlehem and Netophah, an hundred fourscore and eight. 
The men of Anathoth, an hundred twenty and eight. 
The men of Bethazmaveth, forty and two. 
The m
223, roarings are poured out like the waters. 
For the thing which I greatly feared is come upon me, and that which I was afraid of is come unto me. 
I was not in safety, neither had I rest, neither was I quiet; yet trouble cam
204, in the cloud: 
And I will remember my covenant, which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh. 
And the bow shall be
231, great riches, and will give him his daughter, and make his father's house free in Israel. 
And David spake to the men that stood by him, saying, What shall be done to the man that killeth this Philistine, and taketh away the repro
230,em because of the evil of their doings. 
And thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the LORD; If ye will not hearken to me, to walk in my law, which I have set before you, 
To hearken to the words of my servants the prophets, whom I
174, me: thy love to me was wonderful, passing the love of women. 
How are the mighty fallen, and the weapons of war perished! 
And it came to pass after this, that David enquire
183,ayest. And immediately, while he yet spake, the cock crew. 
And the Lord turned, and looked upon Peter. And Peter remembered the word of the Lord, how he had said unto him, Before the
237,hem one prisoner, whomsoever they desired. 
And there was one named Barabbas, which lay bound with them that had made insurrection with him, who had committed murder in the insurrection. 
And the multitude crying aloud began to desire hi
204,e thing as it is? 
To whom hast thou uttered words? and whose spirit came from thee? 
Dead things are formed from under the waters, and the inhabitants thereof. 
Hell is naked before him, and destruction 
230,forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will: be thou clean. And immediately the leprosy departed from him. 
And he charged him to tell no man: but go, and shew thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing, according as M
186,thy wages, and I will give it. 
And he said unto him, Thou knowest how I have served thee, and how thy cattle was with me. 
For it was little which thou hadst before I came, and it is no
238,ught a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith: 
Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day: and not to me only, but unto all them also 
186,or in the coast of Dor, one; the king of the nations of Gilgal, one; 
The king of Tirzah, one: all the kings thirty and one. 
Now Joshua was old and stricken in years; and the LORD said 
165, hail and fire mingled with blood, and they were cast upon the earth: and the third part of trees was burnt up, and all green grass was burnt up. 
And the second ang
188,od, that thou tell us whether thou be the Christ, the Son of God. 
Jesus saith unto him, Thou hast said: nevertheless I say unto you, Hereafter shall ye see the Son of man sitting on the r
173,dalene. 
When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by, whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold thy son! 
Then saith he to the disciple, B
168,th, that Evilmerodach king of Babylon in the first year of his reign lifted up the head of Jehoiachin king of Judah, and brought him forth out of prison. 
And spake kin
199,. 
If the scourge slay suddenly, he will laugh at the trial of the innocent. 
The earth is given into the hand of the wicked: he covereth the faces of the judges thereof; if not, where, and who is he
234,or us, and watered the flock. 
And he said unto his daughters, And where is he? why is it that ye have left the man? call him, that he may eat bread. 
And Moses was content to dwell with the man: and he gave Moses Zipporah his daughte
183,toward heaven. 
So they sat down with him upon the ground seven days and seven nights, and none spake a word unto him: for they saw that his grief was very great. 
After this opened J
237, and her king; and how the inhabitants of Gibeon had made peace with Israel, and were among them; 
That they feared greatly, because Gibeon was a great city, as one of the royal cities, and because it was greater than Ai, and all the men
176,til even, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before the LORD. 
And the children of Israel enquired of the LORD, (for the ark of the covenant of God was there in th
198, meat for all this people. 
For they were about five thousand men. And he said to his disciples, Make them sit down by fifties in a company. 
And they did so, and made them all sit down. 
Then he to
199,y all their molten images, and quite pluck down all their high places: 
And ye shall dispossess the inhabitants of the land, and dwell therein: for I have given you the land to possess it. 
And ye sh
196,ngs of gold for places for the bars: and thou shalt overlay the bars with gold. 
And thou shalt rear up the tabernacle according to the fashion thereof which was shewed thee in the mount. 
And tho
183,ayed, and when he had confessed, weeping and casting himself down before the house of God, there assembled unto him out of Israel a very great congregation of men and women and childr
187,f the city went out against Israel to battle, he and all his people, at a time appointed, before the plain; but he wist not that there were liers in ambush against him behind the city. 
A
182,f Moses, ye cannot be saved. 
When therefore Paul and Barnabas had no small dissension and disputation with them, they determined that Paul and Barnabas, and certain other of them, s
234,d abode, there the children of Israel pitched their tents. 
At the commandment of the LORD the children of Israel journeyed, and at the commandment of the LORD they pitched: as long as the cloud abode upon the tabernacle they rested i
206, a deaf man, heard not; and I was as a dumb man that openeth not his mouth. 
Thus I was as a man that heareth not, and in whose mouth are no reproofs. 
For in thee, O LORD, do I hope: thou wilt hear, O Lord
170, spake before Moses, and before the princes, the chief fathers of the children of Israel: 
And they said, The LORD commanded my lord to give the land for an inheritance b
186,body, but present in spirit, have judged already, as though I were present, concerning him that hath so done this deed, 
In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, when ye are gathered togeth
166,himself, and sat upon the bed. 
And Jacob said unto Joseph, God Almighty appeared unto me at Luz in the land of Canaan, and blessed me, 
And said unto me, Behold, I w
182,nought, and dost not increase thy wealth by their price. 
Thou makest us a reproach to our neighbours, a scorn and a derision to them that are round about us. 
Thou makest us a bywor
206, lay down my life, that I might take it again. 
No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I received of my 
174,d, and made an atonement for the children of Israel. 
Now the name of the Israelite that was slain, even that was slain with the Midianitish woman, was Zimri, the son of Salu
194,at looked upon her. 
So Esther was taken unto king Ahasuerus into his house royal in the tenth month, which is the month Tebeth, in the seventh year of his reign. 
And the king loved Esther abov
172,thy saints shout for joy. 
For thy servant David's sake turn not away the face of thine anointed. 
The LORD hath sworn in truth unto David; he will not turn from it; Of the
219,ouse of the young man the Levite, even unto the house of Micah, and saluted him. 
And the six hundred men appointed with their weapons of war, which were of the children of Dan, stood by the entering of the gate. 
And t
200,ith, but are helpers of your joy: for by faith ye stand. 
But I determined this with myself, that I would not come again to you in heaviness. 
For if I make you sorry, who is he then that maketh me gl
175, Jews which are in Shushan to do to morrow also according unto this day's decree, and let Haman's ten sons be hanged upon the gallows. 
And the king commanded it so to be done
187,and bare false witness against him, saying, 
We heard him say, I will destroy this temple that is made with hands, and within three days I will build another made without hands. 
But neit
162,r that it is washed: and, behold, if the plague have not changed his colour, and the plague be not spread; it is unclean; thou shalt burn it in the fire; it is fr
192,wn glory: but he that seeketh his glory that sent him, the same is true, and no unrighteousness is in him. 
Did not Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keepeth the law? Why go ye about
173,d piece of flesh, and a flagon of wine. 
And he appointed certain of the Levites to minister before the ark of the LORD, and to record, and to thank and praise the LORD God 
208,hreshold of the door, the child died; 
And they buried him; and all Israel mourned for him, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by the hand of his servant Ahijah the prophet. 
And the rest of th
168,to Moses, Thus thou shalt say unto the children of Israel, Ye have seen that I have talked with you from heaven. 
Ye shall not make with me gods of silver, neither shal
218,au; for the LORD hath spoken it. 
And they of the south shall possess the mount of Esau; and they of the plain the Philistines: and they shall possess the fields of Ephraim, and the fields of Samaria: and Benjamin shal
170,month they made an end. 
Then they went in to Hezekiah the king, and said, We have cleansed all the house of the LORD, and the altar of burnt offering, with all the vesse
189,se bottles of wine, which we filled, were new; and, behold, they be rent: and these our garments and our shoes are become old by reason of the very long journey. 
And the men took of their 
238,arried or be reconciled to her husband: and let not the husband put away his wife. 
But to the rest speak I, not the Lord: If any brother hath a wife that believeth not, and she be pleased to dwell with him, let him not put her away. 
And
193,undred shields of beaten gold; three pound of gold went to one shield: and the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon. 
Moreover the king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid
169,So there were delivered out of the thousands of Israel, a thousand of every tribe, twelve thousand armed for war. 
And Moses sent them to the war, a thousand of every tr
215,and two of all flesh, wherein is the breath of life. 
And they that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as God had commanded him: and the LORD shut him in. 
And the flood was forty days upon the earth; an
207,, I am indeed a widow woman, and mine husband is dead. 
And thy handmaid had two sons, and they two strove together in the field, and there was none to part them, but the one smote the other, and slew him. 

194,ren the children of Israel, ye shall not rule one over another with rigour. 
And if a sojourner or stranger wax rich by thee, and thy brother that dwelleth by him wax poor, and sell himself unto
238,ch is not good among his people, lo, even he shall die in his iniquity. 
Yet say ye, Why? doth not the son bear the iniquity of the father? When the son hath done that which is lawful and right, and hath kept all my statutes, and hath don
217,an ye not discern the signs of the times? 
A wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given unto it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. And he left them, and departed. 
And whe
222,said, He is dead. 
But Jesus took him by the hand, and lifted him up; and he arose. 
And when he was come into the house, his disciples asked him privately, Why could not we cast him out? 
And he said unto them, This kind 
187,her away all his days. 
A man shall not take his father's wife, nor discover his father's skirt. 
He that is wounded in the stones, or hath his privy member cut off, shall not enter into 
197,ly place every year with blood of others; 
For then must he often have suffered since the foundation of the world: but now once in the end of the world hath he appeared to put away sin by the sacri
210,ners. 
And there were eight boards; and their sockets were sixteen sockets of silver, under every board two sockets. 
And he made bars of shittim wood; five for the boards of the one side of the tabernacle, 
An
164, ye said should be a prey, and your children, which in that day had no knowledge between good and evil, they shall go in thither, and unto them will I give it, and 
170,e good of all his labour, it is the gift of God. 
I know that, whatsoever God doeth, it shall be for ever: nothing can be put to it, nor any thing taken from it: and God 
219,ing hath said. 
Then went Haman forth that day joyful and with a glad heart: but when Haman saw Mordecai in the king's gate, that he stood not up, nor moved for him, he was full of indignation against Mordecai. 
Neverth
165, apparelled, and live delicately, are in kings' courts. 
But what went ye out for to see? A prophet? Yea, I say unto you, and much more than a prophet. 
This is he, 
194,th of his saints. 
O LORD, truly I am thy servant; I am thy servant, and the son of thine handmaid: thou hast loosed my bonds. 
I will offer to thee the sacrifice of thanksgiving, and will call 
183, law of the burnt offering, of the meat offering, and of the sin offering, and of the trespass offering, and of the consecrations, and of the sacrifice of the peace offerings; 
Which 
194,ing? 
Do not ye yet understand, that whatsoever entereth in at the mouth goeth into the belly, and is cast out into the draught? 
But those things which proceed out of the mouth come forth from 
223,s of righteousness for his name's sake. 
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me. 
Thou preparest a table before me in t
171,Azzur, 
Hodijah, Hashum, Bezai, 
Hariph, Anathoth, Nebai, 
Magpiash, Meshullam, Hezir, 
Meshezabeel, Zadok, Jaddua, 
Pelatiah, Hanan, Anaiah, 
Hoshea, Hananiah, Hashub, 
H
190,ey understood not the saying which he spake unto them. 
And he went down with them, and came to Nazareth, and was subject unto them: but his mother kept all these sayings in her heart. 
And 
188,nto him, Why art thou, being the king's son, lean from day to day? wilt thou not tell me? And Amnon said unto him, I love Tamar, my brother Absalom's sister. 
And Jonadab said unto him, La
184,, Come, and let us go over to the Philistines' garrison, that is on the other side. But he told not his father. 
And Saul tarried in the uttermost part of Gibeah under a pomegranate tr
190,eople; 
And all the mingled people, and all the kings of the land of Uz, and all the kings of the land of the Philistines, and Ashkelon, and Azzah, and Ekron, and the remnant of Ashdod, 
Edo
180,woe. 
Moreover he said unto me, Son of man, eat that thou findest; eat this roll, and go speak unto the house of Israel. 
So I opened my mouth, and he caused me to eat that roll. 

221,ve set my affection to the house of my God, I have of mine own proper good, of gold and silver, which I have given to the house of my God, over and above all that I have prepared for the holy house. 
Even three thousand t
224,d he took the fire in his hand, and a knife; and they went both of them together. 
And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the wood: but 
209,avoid foolish questions, and genealogies, and contentions, and strivings about the law; for they are unprofitable and vain. 
A man that is an heretick after the first and second admonition reject; 
Knowing tha
190,on, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When any man hath a running issue out of his flesh, because of his issue he is unclean. 
And this shall be his uncleanness 
161, the heathen shall know that I the LORD do sanctify Israel, when my sanctuary shall be in the midst of them for evermore. 
And the word of the LORD came unto me,
179,t a companion of fools shall be destroyed. 
Evil pursueth sinners: but to the righteous good shall be repayed. 
A good man leaveth an inheritance to his children's children: and t
184,e of coals; for it was cold: and they warmed themselves: and Peter stood with them, and warmed himself. 
The high priest then asked Jesus of his disciples, and of his doctrine. 
Jesus 
190,God of Israel, I brought up Israel out of Egypt, and delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all kingdoms, and of them that oppressed you: 
And ye have this da
215, devoureth before them; and behind them a flame burneth: the land is as the garden of Eden before them, and behind them a desolate wilderness; yea, and nothing shall escape them. 
The appearance of them is as the ap
186, the sin of his mother be blotted out. 
Let them be before the LORD continually, that he may cut off the memory of them from the earth. 
Because that he remembered not to shew mercy, but
220,heir sin offering and their burnt offering before the LORD; and such things have befallen me: and if I had eaten the sin offering to day, should it have been accepted in the sight of the LORD? 
And when Moses heard that,
186,ve that maketh her nest in the sides of the hole's mouth. 
We have heard the pride of Moab, (he is exceeding proud) his loftiness, and his arrogancy, and his pride, and the haughtiness o
239,throne, and caused a seat to be set for the king's mother; and she sat on his right hand. 
Then she said, I desire one small petition of thee; I pray thee, say me not nay. And the king said unto her, Ask on, my mother: for I will not say t
193,ent in the spirit, he spake and taught diligently the things of the Lord, knowing only the baptism of John. 
And he began to speak boldly in the synagogue: whom when Aquila and Priscilla had he
212,y and three thousand and seven hundred and thirty. 
And the sons of Pallu; Eliab. 
And the sons of Eliab; Nemuel, and Dathan, and Abiram. This is that Dathan and Abiram, which were famous in the congregation, who
207, it was at every year's end that he polled it: because the hair was heavy on him, therefore he polled it:) he weighed the hair of his head at two hundred shekels after the king's weight. 
And unto Absalom th
235,at there be no plague among them, when thou numberest them. 
This they shall give, every one that passeth among them that are numbered, half a shekel after the shekel of the sanctuary: (a shekel is twenty gerahs:) an half shekel shall 
209,for I will utterly put out the remembrance of Amalek from under heaven. 
And Moses built an altar, and called the name of it Jehovahnissi: 
For he said, Because the LORD hath sworn that the LORD will have war 
217,o thee. 
Now therefore hearken unto their voice: howbeit yet protest solemnly unto them, and shew them the manner of the king that shall reign over them. 
And Samuel told all the words of the LORD unto the people that
166,shua burnt Ai, and made it an heap for ever, even a desolation unto this day. 
And the king of Ai he hanged on a tree until eventide: and as soon as the sun was down,
161,me. 
But the Lord said unto him, Go thy way: for he is a chosen vessel unto me, to bear my name before the Gentiles, and kings, and the children of Israel: 
For 
204, I sing to my wellbeloved a song of my beloved touching his vineyard. My wellbeloved hath a vineyard in a very fruitful hill: 
And he fenced it, and gathered out the stones thereof, and planted it with th
162,nt me unto the nations which spoiled you: for he that toucheth you toucheth the apple of his eye. 
For, behold, I will shake mine hand upon them, and they shall b
179,n high, and the wilderness be a fruitful field, and the fruitful field be counted for a forest. 
Then judgment shall dwell in the wilderness, and righteousness remain in the fruit
197,: there came no such almug trees, nor were seen unto this day. 
And king Solomon gave unto the queen of Sheba all her desire, whatsoever she asked, beside that which Solomon gave her of his royal b
234,e up, and said unto the nobles, and to the rulers, and to the rest of the people, Be not ye afraid of them: remember the LORD, which is great and terrible, and fight for your brethren, your sons, and your daughters, your wives, and yo
196,ey had mocked him, they took the robe off from him, and put his own raiment on him, and led him away to crucify him. 
And as they came out, they found a man of Cyrene, Simon by name: him they comp
184,l wandered in the wilderness: and now, lo, I am this day fourscore and five years old. 
As yet I am as strong this day as I was in the day that Moses sent me: as my strength was then, 
164,In that day shall the LORD defend the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and he that is feeble among them at that day shall be as David; and the house of David shall be as G
239,nd they come out. 
And the fame of him went out into every place of the country round about. 
And he arose out of the synagogue, and entered into Simon's house. And Simon's wife's mother was taken with a great fever; and they besought him 
222, counsel of the wicked? 
Hast thou eyes of flesh? or seest thou as man seeth? 
Are thy days as the days of man? are thy years as man's days, 
That thou enquirest after mine iniquity, and searchest after my sin? 
Thou knowe
184,dust from your feet for a testimony against them. 
And they departed, and went through the towns, preaching the gospel, and healing every where. 
Now Herod the tetrarch heard of all th
171,: and the power of the Lord was present to heal them. 
And, behold, men brought in a bed a man which was taken with a palsy: and they sought means to bring him in, and to 
211,hrist, in the sight of God and our Father; 
Knowing, brethren beloved, your election of God. 
For our gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power, and in the Holy Ghost, and in much assurance; as ye
198,emembrance of me. 
Likewise also the cup after supper, saying, This cup is the new testament in my blood, which is shed for you. 
But, behold, the hand of him that betrayeth me is with me on the tab
237,tles, and be spilled, and the bottles shall perish. 
But new wine must be put into new bottles; and both are preserved. 
No man also having drunk old wine straightway desireth new: for he saith, The old is better. 
And it came to pass on
177,d on the top of an hill. 
Then Abner called to Joab, and said, Shall the sword devour for ever? knowest thou not that it will be bitterness in the latter end? how long shall it 
160,RD of hosts is his name. 
Thou art my battle axe and weapons of war: for with thee will I break in pieces the nations, and with thee will I destroy kingdoms; 
A
226,nd Aaron's rod that budded, and the tables of the covenant; 
And over it the cherubims of glory shadowing the mercyseat; of which we cannot now speak particularly. 
Now when these things were thus ordained, the priests went al
203,reth are one: and every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labour. 
For we are labourers together with God: ye are God's husbandry, ye are God's building. 
According to the grace of Go
175,y are at hand to come. 
For, behold, I am for you, and I will turn unto you, and ye shall be tilled and sown: 
And I will multiply men upon you, all the house of Israel, even 
199,, and have intelligence with them that forsake the holy covenant. 
And arms shall stand on his part, and they shall pollute the sanctuary of strength, and shall take away the daily sacrifice, and the
232,the disciples of John and of the Pharisees used to fast: and they come and say unto him, Why do the disciples of John and of the Pharisees fast, but thy disciples fast not? 
And Jesus said unto them, Can the children of the bridecha
165,his brethren, men of valour, were two thousand and seven hundred chief fathers, whom king David made rulers over the Reubenites, the Gadites, and the half tribe of M
232,re: and the last state of that man is worse than the first. 
And it came to pass, as he spake these things, a certain woman of the company lifted up her voice, and said unto him, Blessed is the womb that bare thee, and the paps whic
228,ath, but for the glory of God, that the Son of God might be glorified thereby. 
Now Jesus loved Martha, and her sister, and Lazarus. 
When he had heard therefore that he was sick, he abode two days still in the same place where 
224,sured from gate to gate toward the south an hundred cubits. 
And he brought me to the inner court by the south gate: and he measured the south gate according to these measures; 
And the little chambers thereof, and the posts
221,useth divination, or an observer of times, or an enchanter, or a witch. 
Or a charmer, or a consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a necromancer. 
For all that do these things are an abomination unto the LORD: a
195,e sons of Hothan the Aroerite, 
Jediael the son of Shimri, and Joha his brother, the Tizite, 
Eliel the Mahavite, and Jeribai, and Joshaviah, the sons of Elnaam, and Ithmah the Moabite, 
Eliel, a
174,of twenty and two thousand oxen, and an hundred and twenty thousand sheep: so the king and all the people dedicated the house of God. 
And the priests waited on their offices
200,ey shall know that I am the LORD. 
The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying, 
Son of man, prophesy and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Howl ye, Woe worth the day! 
For the day is near, even the d
208,r consecration be at an end: for seven days shall he consecrate you. 
As he hath done this day, so the LORD hath commanded to do, to make an atonement for you. 
Therefore shall ye abide at the door of the tab
163, his son. 
And the sons of Mishma; Hamuel his son, Zacchur his son, Shimei his son. 
And Shimei had sixteen sons and six daughters: but his brethren had not many c
204,othing but good, and have sent thee away in peace: thou art now the blessed of the LORD. 
And he made them a feast, and they did eat and drink. 
And they rose up betimes in the morning, and sware one to a
162,she shall be devoured with fire. 
Ashkelon shall see it, and fear; Gaza also shall see it, and be very sorrowful, and Ekron; for her expectation shall be ashamed;
187,le ones to the waters: they came to the pits, and found no water; they returned with their vessels empty; they were ashamed and confounded, and covered their heads. 
Because the ground is
204,s not poured upon the earth. 
And when Pharaoh saw that the rain and the hail and the thunders were ceased, he sinned yet more, and hardened his heart, he and his servants. 
And the heart of Pharaoh was h
229,
And forty and one years reigned he in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Maachah, the daughter of Abishalom. 
And Asa did that which was right in the eyes of the LORD, as did David his father. 
And he took away the sodomites o
160,sword after them. 
Thus shall mine anger be accomplished, and I will cause my fury to rest upon them, and I will be comforted: and they shall know that I the LO
207,e children of Bakbuk, the children of Hakupha, the children of Harhur, 
The children of Bazluth, the children of Mehida, the children of Harsha, 
The children of Barkos, the children of Sisera, the children 
188, shall it be so. 
Thou hast also taken thy fair jewels of my gold and of my silver, which I had given thee, and madest to thyself images of men, and didst commit whoredom with them, 
And t
237,d for your drink offerings, and for your peace offerings. 
And Moses told the children of Israel according to all that the LORD commanded Moses. 
And Moses spake unto the heads of the tribes concerning the children of Israel, saying, Thi
222,em there for my people and for my heritage Israel, whom they have scattered among the nations, and parted my land. 
And they have cast lots for my people; and have given a boy for an harlot, and sold a girl for wine, that 
198, above. 
This is the living creature that I saw under the God of Israel by the river of Chebar; and I knew that they were the cherubims. 
Every one had four faces apiece, and every one four wings; a
200, is a right sceptre. 
Thou lovest righteousness, and hatest wickedness: therefore God, thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows. 
All thy garments smell of myrrh, and alo
186,h you from heaven. 
Ye shall not make with me gods of silver, neither shall ye make unto you gods of gold. 
An altar of earth thou shalt make unto me, and shalt sacrifice thereon thy bur
240,ard I will see his face; peradventure he will accept of me. 
So went the present over before him: and himself lodged that night in the company. 
And he rose up that night, and took his two wives, and his two womenservants, and his eleven so
169,room for him, and bringeth him before great men. 
He that is first in his own cause seemeth just; but his neighbour cometh and searcheth him. 
The lot causeth contention
202,ne of Saul, had done. 
And David went and took the bones of Saul and the bones of Jonathan his son from the men of Jabeshgilead, which had stolen them from the street of Bethshan, where the Philistines 
182,to the tabernacle, the cloudy pillar descended, and stood at the door of the tabernacle, and the Lord talked with Moses. 
And all the people saw the cloudy pillar stand at the tabern
220,eeketh my life? 
And he said unto him, God forbid; thou shalt not die: behold, my father will do nothing either great or small, but that he will shew it me: and why should my father hide this thing from me? it is not so.
238, art thou that judgest another man's servant? to his own master he standeth or falleth. Yea, he shall be holden up: for God is able to make him stand. 
One man esteemeth one day above another: another esteemeth every day alike. Let every 
228,ower that lieth out. 
After them the Tekoites repaired another piece, over against the great tower that lieth out, even unto the wall of Ophel. 
From above the horse gate repaired the priests, every one over against his house. 

170,pest, and hailstones. 
For through the voice of the LORD shall the Assyrian be beaten down, which smote with a rod. 
And in every place where the grounded staff shall pas
186,ntain; yet he shall come to his end, and none shall help him. 
And at that time shall Michael stand up, the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people: and there shall be
236,
But I beseech you the rather to do this, that I may be restored to you the sooner. 
Now the God of peace, that brought again from the dead our Lord Jesus, that great shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the everlasting covenant,
187,I come again to my father's house in peace; then shall the LORD be my God: 
And this stone, which I have set for a pillar, shall be God's house: and of all that thou shalt give me I will 
160,h whether he shall be a wise man or a fool? yet shall he have rule over all my labour wherein I have laboured, and wherein I have shewed myself wise under the s
240,k and slippery: and let the angel of the LORD persecute them. 
For without cause have they hid for me their net in a pit, which without cause they have digged for my soul. 
Let destruction come upon him at unawares; and let his net that he 
186,ervant down to the host: 
And thou shalt hear what they say; and afterward shall thine hands be strengthened to go down unto the host. Then went he down with Phurah his servant unto the 
187,ons of his house, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his substance, which he had got in the land of Canaan; and went into the country from the face of his brother Jacob. 
For the
216,t to Ephesus, and called the elders of the church. 
And when they were come to him, he said unto them, Ye know, from the first day that I came into Asia, after what manner I have been with you at all seasons, 
Servin
221, speak not of you all: I know whom I have chosen: but that the scripture may be fulfilled, He that eateth bread with me hath lifted up his heel against me. 
Now I tell you before it come, that, when it is come to pass, ye
236,he womb that bare thee, and the paps which thou hast sucked. 
But he said, Yea rather, blessed are they that hear the word of God, and keep it. 
And when the people were gathered thick together, he began to say, This is an evil generati
229,sure in you, saith the LORD of hosts, neither will I accept an offering at your hand. 
For from the rising of the sun even unto the going down of the same my name shall be great among the Gentiles; and in every place incense shal
194,el mine uncle's son came to me in the court of the prison according to the word of the LORD, and said unto me, Buy my field, I pray thee, that is in Anathoth, which is in the country of Benjamin
162,rumpets prepared themselves to sound. 
The first angel sounded, and there followed hail and fire mingled with blood, and they were cast upon the earth: and the th
183,n unto Rehob, as men come to Hamath. 
And they ascended by the south, and came unto Hebron; where Ahiman, Sheshai, and Talmai, the children of Anak, were. (Now Hebron was built seven 
208,r: because that the Lord is the avenger of all such, as we also have forewarned you and testified. 
For God hath not called us unto uncleanness, but unto holiness. 
He therefore that despiseth, despiseth not 
234,joice: wherefore then wilt thou sin against innocent blood, to slay David without a cause? 
And Saul hearkened unto the voice of Jonathan: and Saul sware, As the LORD liveth, he shall not be slain. 
And Jonathan called David, and Jona
186,of joy; I will sing, yea, I will sing praises unto the LORD. 
Hear, O LORD, when I cry with my voice: have mercy also upon me, and answer me. 
When thou saidst, Seek ye my face; my heart
207, and himself believed, and his whole house. 
This is again the second miracle that Jesus did, when he was come out of Judaea into Galilee. 
After this there was a feast of the Jews; and Jesus went up to Jeru
236,y. 
Then shall the LORD go forth, and fight against those nations, as when he fought in the day of battle. 
And his feet shall stand in that day upon the mount of Olives, which is before Jerusalem on the east, and the mount of Olives sh
238,is daughters rose up to comfort him; but he refused to be comforted; and he said, For I will go down into the grave unto my son mourning. Thus his father wept for him. 
And the Midianites sold him into Egypt unto Potiphar, an officer of P
197,aw stand upon the sea and upon the earth lifted up his hand to heaven, 
And sware by him that liveth for ever and ever, who created heaven, and the things that therein are, and the earth, and the t
194,l said unto Jehoshaphat, There is yet one man, Micaiah the son of Imlah, by whom we may enquire of the LORD: but I hate him; for he doth not prophesy good concerning me, but evil. And Jehoshapha
186,ich drinketh in the rain that cometh oft upon it, and bringeth forth herbs meet for them by whom it is dressed, receiveth blessing from God: 
But that which beareth thorns and briers is 
201, inhabitants of the earth. 
He fashioneth their hearts alike; he considereth all their works. 
There is no king saved by the multitude of an host: a mighty man is not delivered by much strength. 
An ho
201, came forth from Pharaoh: 
And they said unto them, The LORD look upon you, and judge; because ye have made our savour to be abhorred in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of his servants, to put a s
237, to be sold, and his wife, and children, and all that he had, and payment to be made. 
The servant therefore fell down, and worshipped him, saying, Lord, have patience with me, and I will pay thee all. 
Then the lord of that servant was 
230, and shall not find it; and shall desire to die, and death shall flee from them. 
And the shapes of the locusts were like unto horses prepared unto battle; and on their heads were as it were crowns like gold, and their faces were 
174,ot, Abram: I am thy shield, and thy exceeding great reward. 
And Abram said, LORD God, what wilt thou give me, seeing I go childless, and the steward of my house is this Elie
237,and. 
And the sabbath of the land shall be meat for you; for thee, and for thy servant, and for thy maid, and for thy hired servant, and for thy stranger that sojourneth with thee. 
And for thy cattle, and for the beast that are in thy l
238, will turn away thy son from following me, that they may serve other gods: so will the anger of the LORD be kindled against you, and destroy thee suddenly. 
But thus shall ye deal with them; ye shall destroy their altars, and break down t
182,, that they may be your husbands? 
Turn again, my daughters, go your way; for I am too old to have an husband. If I should say, I have hope, if I should have an husband also to night
197,s: all that hear the bruit of thee shall clap the hands over thee: for upon whom hath not thy wickedness passed continually? 
The burden which Habakkuk the prophet did see. 
O LORD, how long shall 
235,ay be most holy: whatsoever toucheth them shall be holy. 
And thou shalt anoint Aaron and his sons, and consecrate them, that they may minister unto me in the priest's office. 
And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel, saying, 
212, is filled with violence through them; and, behold, I will destroy them with the earth. 
Make thee an ark of gopher wood; rooms shalt thou make in the ark, and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch. 
And t
178, gave him, and took counsel with the young men that were brought up with him, that stood before him. 
And he said unto them, What advice give ye that we may return answer to this
224,
And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake. 
But there shall not an hair of your head perish. 
In your patience possess ye your souls. 
And when ye shall see Jerusalem compassed with armies, then know that the deso
168, posts of threescore cubits, even unto the post of the court round about the gate. 
And from the face of the gate of the entrance unto the face of the porch of the inne
215,ather to them that sell, and buy for yourselves. 
And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came; and they that were ready went in with him to the marriage: and the door was shut. 
Afterward came also the other vir
235,t us see whether Elias will come to take him down. 
And Jesus cried with a loud voice, and gave up the ghost. 
And the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to the bottom. 
And when the centurion, which stood over against h
169,ngdom of Israel from thee this day, and hath given it to a neighbour of thine, that is better than thou. 
And also the Strength of Israel will not lie nor repent: for he
163,son. And he took him out of her bosom, and carried him up into a loft, where he abode, and laid him upon his own bed. 
And he cried unto the LORD, and said, O LORD
226,, my terror shall not make thee afraid, neither shall my hand be heavy upon thee. 
Surely thou hast spoken in mine hearing, and I have heard the voice of thy words, saying, 
I am clean without transgression, I am innocent; nei
212,st him through, and he died. 
And when the men of Israel saw that Abimelech was dead, they departed every man unto his place. 
Thus God rendered the wickedness of Abimelech, which he did unto his father, in slayi
240,court gate. 
And thou shalt take the anointing oil, and anoint the tabernacle, and all that is therein, and shalt hallow it, and all the vessels thereof: and it shall be holy. 
And thou shalt anoint the altar of the burnt offering, and all 
228,s to thyself. 
And Abram said to the king of Sodom, I have lift up mine hand unto the LORD, the most high God, the possessor of heaven and earth, 
That I will not take from a thread even to a shoelatchet, and that I will not tak
172,ers, and the singers, and some of the people, and the Nethinims, and all Israel, dwelt in their cities; and when the seventh month came, the children of Israel were in thei
178,to the sin of the people; then let him bring for his sin, which he hath sinned, a young bullock without blemish unto the LORD for a sin offering. 
And he shall bring the bullock 
233, an atonement for you: 
Beside the burnt offering of the month, and his meat offering, and the daily burnt offering, and his meat offering, and their drink offerings, according unto their manner, for a sweet savour, a sacrifice made 
180,honourable man, and the counsellor, and the cunning artificer, and the eloquent orator. 
And I will give children to be their princes, and babes shall rule over them. 
And the peop
177,s, and a colt the foal of an ass. 
And the disciples went, and did as Jesus commanded them, 
And brought the ass, and the colt, and put on them their clothes, and they set him t
174,mong you man, or woman, or family, or tribe, whose heart turneth away this day from the LORD our God, to go and serve the gods of these nations; lest there should be among yo
188,all that thou seest to the house of Israel. 
And behold a wall on the outside of the house round about, and in the man's hand a measuring reed of six cubits long by the cubit and an hand b
211,begat thee thou art unmindful, and hast forgotten God that formed thee. 
And when the LORD saw it, he abhorred them, because of the provoking of his sons, and of his daughters. 
And he said, I will hide my face 
184,dom of Israel? arise, and eat bread, and let thine heart be merry: I will give thee the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite. 
So she wrote letters in Ahab's name, and sealed them with hi
210, prudent. 
In the house of the righteous is much treasure: but in the revenues of the wicked is trouble. 
The lips of the wise disperse knowledge: but the heart of the foolish doeth not so. 
The sacrifice of th
160,nds shall dwell there, and the owls shall dwell therein: and it shall be no more inhabited for ever; neither shall it be dwelt in from generation to generation.
199,es into the house of Pharaoh, and into his servants' houses, and into all the land of Egypt: the land was corrupted by reason of the swarm of flies. 
And Pharaoh called for Moses and for Aaron, and s
221,as a wild bull in a net: they are full of the fury of the LORD, the rebuke of thy God. 
Therefore hear now this, thou afflicted, and drunken, but not with wine: 
Thus saith thy Lord the LORD, and thy God that pleadeth the
192,
Eliab his son, Jeroham his son, Elkanah his son. 
And the sons of Samuel; the firstborn Vashni, and Abiah. 
The sons of Merari; Mahli, Libni his son, Shimei his son, Uzza his son, 
Shimea his
234,is life is bound up in the lad's life; 
It shall come to pass, when he seeth that the lad is not with us, that he will die: and thy servants shall bring down the gray hairs of thy servant our father with sorrow to the grave. 
For thy 
184,to him; Destroy not the wise men of Babylon: bring me in before the king, and I will shew unto the king the interpretation. 
Then Arioch brought in Daniel before the king in haste, and
205,e: for ye know not what hour your Lord doth come. 
But know this, that if the goodman of the house had known in what watch the thief would come, he would have watched, and would not have suffered his house
166,om the people of the land, and from the strange wives. 
Then all the congregation answered and said with a loud voice, As thou hast said, so must we do. 
But the peop
166, BRANCH; and he shall grow up out of his place, and he shall build the temple of the LORD: 
Even he shall build the temple of the LORD; and he shall bear the glory, a
178,shall look, and, behold, the plague be not spread in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in any thing of skin; 
Then the priest shall command that they wash the t
240,gthen the arms of the king of Babylon, and put my sword in his hand: but I will break Pharaoh's arms, and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man. 
But I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon, and the 
200,y hand hath found the kingdoms of the idols, and whose graven images did excel them of Jerusalem and of Samaria; 
Shall I not, as I have done unto Samaria and her idols, so do to Jerusalem and her ido
165,My little children, let us not love in word, neither in tongue; but in deed and in truth. 
And hereby we know that we are of the truth, and shall assure our hearts b
206, in it, neither man nor beast, but that it shall be desolate for ever. 
And it shall be, when thou hast made an end of reading this book, that thou shalt bind a stone to it, and cast it into the midst of Eu
216, how with fear and trembling ye received him. 
I rejoice therefore that I have confidence in you in all things. 
Moreover, brethren, we do you to wit of the grace of God bestowed on the churches of Macedonia; 
How th
239,the sins of Jeroboam, who did sin, and who made Israel to sin. 
And Jeroboam's wife arose, and departed, and came to Tirzah: and when she came to the threshold of the door, the child died; 
And they buried him; and all Israel mourned for h
163,th, and there was written according to all that Haman had commanded unto the king's lieutenants, and to the governors that were over every province, and to the rul
169, head, saying, 
He trusted on the LORD that he would deliver him: let him deliver him, seeing he delighted in him. 
But thou art he that took me out of the womb: thou di
239, hasteth not: he trusteth that he can draw up Jordan into his mouth. 
He taketh it with his eyes: his nose pierceth through snares. 
Canst thou draw out leviathan with an hook? or his tongue with a cord which thou lettest down? 
Canst thou
235,ally, Let the LORD be magnified, which hath pleasure in the prosperity of his servant. 
And my tongue shall speak of thy righteousness and of thy praise all the day long. 
The transgression of the wicked saith within my heart, that the
221,thou shalt be spoiled; and when thou shalt make an end to deal treacherously, they shall deal treacherously with thee. 
O LORD, be gracious unto us; we have waited for thee: be thou their arm every morning, our salvation 
173,nehas the son of Eleazar was the ruler over them in time past, and the LORD was with him. 
And Zechariah the son of Meshelemiah was porter of the door of the tabernacle of t
237,, the wrath of the LORD turned from him, that he would not destroy him altogether: and also in Judah things went well. 
So king Rehoboam strengthened himself in Jerusalem, and reigned: for Rehoboam was one and forty years old when he beg
240,arth rejoiceth, I will make thee desolate. 
As thou didst rejoice at the inheritance of the house of Israel, because it was desolate, so will I do unto thee: thou shalt be desolate, O mount Seir, and all Idumea, even all of it: and they sha
172,e slothful shall be under tribute. 
Heaviness in the heart of man maketh it stoop: but a good word maketh it glad. 
The righteous is more excellent than his neighbour: but 
201,t, but he shall surely be stoned, or shot through; whether it be beast or man, it shall not live: when the trumpet soundeth long, they shall come up to the mount. 
And Moses went down from the mount un
225,gel in his house, which stood and said unto him, Send men to Joppa, and call for Simon, whose surname is Peter; 
Who shall tell thee words, whereby thou and all thy house shall be saved. 
And as I began to speak, the Holy Gho
215,timony; and they loved not their lives unto the death. 
Therefore rejoice, ye heavens, and ye that dwell in them. Woe to the inhabiters of the earth and of the sea! for the devil is come down unto you, having great 
187, forth, therefore do the virgins love thee. 
Draw me, we will run after thee: the king hath brought me into his chambers: we will be glad and rejoice in thee, we will remember thy love mo
211,secret from the beginning; from the time that it was, there am I: and now the Lord GOD, and his Spirit, hath sent me. 
Thus saith the LORD, thy Redeemer, the Holy One of Israel; I am the LORD thy God which teach
227,ey whom the children of Israel slew with the sword. 
Then spake Joshua to the LORD in the day when the LORD delivered up the Amorites before the children of Israel, and he said in the sight of Israel, Sun, stand thou still upon
170,ne and brought low; they are taken out of the way as all other, and cut off as the tops of the ears of corn. 
And if it be not so now, who will make me a liar, and make m
198,e LORD. 
Yea, I will cause men to walk upon you, even my people Israel; and they shall possess thee, and thou shalt be their inheritance, and thou shalt no more henceforth bereave them of men. 
Thus
164,y unto the children of Israel, I am the LORD, and I will bring you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians, and I will rid you out of their bondage, and I will 
220,ildren of Asher was Pagiel the son of Ocran. 
And over the host of the tribe of the children of Naphtali was Ahira the son of Enan. 
Thus were the journeyings of the children of Israel according to their armies, when the
205,ts. 
And Joseph made it a law over the land of Egypt unto this day, that Pharaoh should have the fifth part, except the land of the priests only, which became not Pharaoh's. 
And Israel dwelt in the land o
193,o? can he provide flesh for his people? 
Therefore the LORD heard this, and was wroth: so a fire was kindled against Jacob, and anger also came up against Israel; 
Because they believed not in 
178,e him. 
How then comfort ye me in vain, seeing in your answers there remaineth falsehood? 
Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said, 
Can a man be profitable unto God, as he t
205,ez was more honourable than his brethren: and his mother called his name Jabez, saying, Because I bare him with sorrow. 
And Jabez called on the God of Israel, saying, Oh that thou wouldest bless me indeed
223, by it, and by all things thereon. 
And whoso shall swear by the temple, sweareth by it, and by him that dwelleth therein. 
And he that shall swear by heaven, sweareth by the throne of God, and by him that sitteth thereon. 
210, by the hand of the prophet Jehu the son of Hanani came the word of the LORD against Baasha, and against his house, even for all the evil that he did in the sight of the LORD, in provoking him to anger with the
164,eople fall under thee. 
Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: the sceptre of thy kingdom is a right sceptre. 
Thou lovest righteousness, and hatest wickedness: t
216,unto the LORD before Eli the priest. 
Now the sons of Eli were sons of Belial; they knew not the LORD. 
And the priest's custom with the people was, that, when any man offered sacrifice, the priest's servant came, wh
231,about: mine iniquities have taken hold upon me, so that I am not able to look up; they are more than the hairs of mine head: therefore my heart faileth me. 
Be pleased, O LORD, to deliver me: O LORD, make haste to help me. 
Let the
174,came on them; and they spake with tongues, and prophesied. 
And all the men were about twelve. 
And he went into the synagogue, and spake boldly for the space of three months
197,y whoredoms, whereas none followeth thee to commit whoredoms: and in that thou givest a reward, and no reward is given unto thee, therefore thou art contrary. 
Wherefore, O harlot, hear the word of
203,re were more chief men found of the sons of Eleazar than of the sons of Ithamar, and thus were they divided. Among the sons of Eleazar there were sixteen chief men of the house of their fathers, and eigh
181, the glory of the LORD. 
Because all those men which have seen my glory, and my miracles, which I did in Egypt and in the wilderness, and have tempted me now these ten times, and ha
177,ia, and Aridatha, 
And Parmashta, and Arisai, and Aridai, and Vajezatha, 
The ten sons of Haman the son of Hammedatha, the enemy of the Jews, slew they; but on the spoil laid th
229,ple was filled with smoke from the glory of God, and from his power; and no man was able to enter into the temple, till the seven plagues of the seven angels were fulfilled. 
And I heard a great voice out of the temple saying to 
215, of thee, O Jerusalem. Praise ye the LORD. 
O praise the LORD, all ye nations: praise him, all ye people. 
For his merciful kindness is great toward us: and the truth of the LORD endureth for ever. Praise ye the LOR
230,ong his people, lo, even he shall die in his iniquity. 
Yet say ye, Why? doth not the son bear the iniquity of the father? When the son hath done that which is lawful and right, and hath kept all my statutes, and hath done them, h
187,d they had in their inheritance Beersheba, and Sheba, and Moladah, 
And Hazarshual, and Balah, and Azem, 
And Eltolad, and Bethul, and Hormah, 
And Ziklag, and Bethmarcaboth, and Hazarsus
163,wife: and when he went in unto her, the LORD gave her conception, and she bare a son. 
And the women said unto Naomi, Blessed be the LORD, which hath not left thee
216,s come unto me: and I have also seen the oppression wherewith the Egyptians oppress them. 
Come now therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of E
224, committeth adultery. 
There was a certain rich man, which was clothed in purple and fine linen, and fared sumptuously every day: 
And there was a certain beggar named Lazarus, which was laid at his gate, full of sores, 
And
201,for Jerusalem, to appoint captains, to open the mouth in the slaughter, to lift up the voice with shouting, to appoint battering rams against the gates, to cast a mount, and to build a fort. 
And it sh
170, voice of harpers harping with their harps: 
And they sung as it were a new song before the throne, and before the four beasts, and the elders: and no man could learn tha
206, and lay a snare for him that reproveth in the gate, and turn aside the just for a thing of nought. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD, who redeemed Abraham, concerning the house of Jacob, Jacob shall not now b
211,st's office: and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
And I, behold, I have taken the Levites from among the children of Israel instead of all the firstbo
234, no rest. 
The bloodthirsty hate the upright: but the just seek his soul. 
A fool uttereth all his mind: but a wise man keepeth it in till afterwards. 
If a ruler hearken to lies, all his servants are wicked. 
The poor and the deceitf
187,len. 
Thy dead men shall live, together with my dead body shall they arise. Awake and sing, ye that dwell in dust: for thy dew is as the dew of herbs, and the earth shall cast out the dea
166,nd palm trees were upon the posts thereof: and the going up to it had eight steps. 
And he brought me into the inner court toward the east: and he measured the gate a
229,vows. 
Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights. 
Then Jonah prayed unto the LORD his God out of the fish's belly, 
And said, I cried by reason
184,ste shall be desolate forty years: and I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and will disperse them through the countries. 
Yet thus saith the Lord GOD; At the end of forty y
197,e burn that garment, whether warp or woof, in woollen or in linen, or any thing of skin, wherein the plague is: for it is a fretting leprosy; it shall be burnt in the fire. 
And if the priest shall
170,the Egyptians. 
For the Egyptians buried all their firstborn, which the LORD had smitten among them: upon their gods also the LORD executed judgments. 
And the children o
198,out, as a thick cloud, thy transgressions, and, as a cloud, thy sins: return unto me; for I have redeemed thee. 
Sing, O ye heavens; for the LORD hath done it: shout, ye lower parts of the earth: br
225,ister Samaria. 
Thou shalt even drink it and suck it out, and thou shalt break the sherds thereof, and pluck off thine own breasts: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD. 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou ha
220,elf, and them that hear thee. 
Rebuke not an elder, but intreat him as a father; and the younger men as brethren; 
The elder women as mothers; the younger as sisters, with all purity. 
Honour widows that are widows indee
219,against your pillows, wherewith ye there hunt the souls to make them fly, and I will tear them from your arms, and will let the souls go, even the souls that ye hunt to make them fly. 
Your kerchiefs also will I tear, a
176,wilderness, and tempted God in the desert. 
And he gave them their request; but sent leanness into their soul. 
They envied Moses also in the camp, and Aaron the saint of the L
191,ssion with the rod, and their iniquity with stripes. 
Nevertheless my lovingkindness will I not utterly take from him, nor suffer my faithfulness to fail. 
My covenant will I not break, nor a
228,ll set my face against them; they shall go out from one fire, and another fire shall devour them; and ye shall know that I am the LORD, when I set my face against them. 
And I will make the land desolate, because they have commi
202,uit of our lips giving thanks to his name. 
But to do good and to communicate forget not: for with such sacrifices God is well pleased. 
Obey them that have the rule over you, and submit yourselves: for
184,en, neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness; but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth. 
I wrote unto you in an epistle not to company with fornicators: 
Yet not al
222, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The fourth to Izri, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The fifth to Nethaniah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The sixth to Bukkiah, he, his sons, and his brethren,
183, Egyptians are men, and not God; and their horses flesh, and not spirit. When the LORD shall stretch out his hand, both he that helpeth shall fall, and he that is holpen shall fall do
211, hath received the gift, even so minister the same one to another, as good stewards of the manifold grace of God. 
If any man speak, let him speak as the oracles of God; if any man minister, let him do it as of 
188,ontinually; they shall not be shut day nor night; that men may bring unto thee the forces of the Gentiles, and that their kings may be brought. 
For the nation and kingdom that will not se
229,m, and hated him: 
But his bow abode in strength, and the arms of his hands were made strong by the hands of the mighty God of Jacob; (from thence is the shepherd, the stone of Israel:) 
Even by the God of thy father, who shall h
169, had ye believed Moses, ye would have believed me; for he wrote of me. 
But if ye believe not his writings, how shall ye believe my words? 
After these things Jesus went
186, not abide in darkness. 
And if any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world. 
He that rejecteth me, and receiveth no
227, 
Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God, God dwelleth in him, and he in God. 
And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love; and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him
201,RD had commanded Moses and Aaron, so did they. 
And it came to pass, that at midnight the LORD smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, from the firstborn of Pharaoh that sat on his throne unto th
161, bear the iniquity of the house of Israel. 
And when thou hast accomplished them, lie again on thy right side, and thou shalt bear the iniquity of the house of J
184,ey joined themselves also unto Baalpeor, and ate the sacrifices of the dead. 
Thus they provoked him to anger with their inventions: and the plague brake in upon them. 
Then stood up P
231,ntry. 
Then when he was come into Galilee, the Galilaeans received him, having seen all the things that he did at Jerusalem at the feast: for they also went unto the feast. 
So Jesus came again into Cana of Galilee, where he made t
203,s shall be there; to the end thou mayest know that I am the LORD in the midst of the earth. 
And I will put a division between my people and thy people: to morrow shall this sign be. 
And the LORD did so
179, what to say. 
Yea, I attended unto you, and, behold, there was none of you that convinced Job, or that answered his words: 
Lest ye should say, We have found out wisdom: God thru
207,: 
With hypocritical mockers in feasts, they gnashed upon me with their teeth. 
Lord, how long wilt thou look on? rescue my soul from their destructions, my darling from the lions. 
I will give thee thanks i
232,bers were upon the pavement. 
And the pavement by the side of the gates over against the length of the gates was the lower pavement. 
Then he measured the breadth from the forefront of the lower gate unto the forefront of the inner 
205,he house of thy father, when they were in Egypt in Pharaoh's house? 
And did I choose him out of all the tribes of Israel to be my priest, to offer upon mine altar, to burn incense, to wear an ephod before
209,. 
The ships of Tarshish did sing of thee in thy market: and thou wast replenished, and made very glorious in the midst of the seas. 
Thy rowers have brought thee into great waters: the east wind hath broken t
202,ee; and through the rivers, they shall not overflow thee: when thou walkest through the fire, thou shalt not be burned; neither shall the flame kindle upon thee. 
For I am the LORD thy God, the Holy One
170,n cometh up; and he is covered with a mantle. And Saul perceived that it was Samuel, and he stooped with his face to the ground, and bowed himself. 
And Samuel said to Sa
237,d four a day, southward four a day, and toward Asuppim two and two. 
At Parbar westward, four at the causeway, and two at Parbar. 
These are the divisions of the porters among the sons of Kore, and among the sons of Merari. 
And of the L
204,sumed. 
And the people to whom they prophesy shall be cast out in the streets of Jerusalem because of the famine and the sword; and they shall have none to bury them, them, their wives, nor their sons, no
194,hiah, and Eliab, and Benaiah, and Obededom: and Jeiel with psalteries and with harps; but Asaph made a sound with cymbals; 
Benaiah also and Jahaziel the priests with trumpets continually before
224,he LORD sitting upon a throne, high and lifted up, and his train filled the temple. 
Above it stood the seraphims: each one had six wings; with twain he covered his face, and with twain he covered his feet, and with twain he
171,hers: 
And that the Gentiles might glorify God for his mercy; as it is written, For this cause I will confess to thee among the Gentiles, and sing unto thy name. 
And agai
206, kingdom. 
And moreover the king's servants came to bless our lord king David, saying, God make the name of Solomon better than thy name, and make his throne greater than thy throne. And the king bowed hims
161,hat land. 
And when Jesus departed thence, two blind men followed him, crying, and saying, Thou son of David, have mercy on us. 
And when he was come into the ho
202,e calleth Elias. 
And one ran and filled a spunge full of vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink, saying, Let alone; let us see whether Elias will come to take him down. 
And Jesus cried w
205,e drops of water: they pour down rain according to the vapour thereof: 
Which the clouds do drop and distil upon man abundantly. 
Also can any understand the spreadings of the clouds, or the noise of his t
175,d with dances: and she was his only child; beside her he had neither son nor daughter. 
And it came to pass, when he saw her, that he rent his clothes, and said, Alas, my daug
215, the chief of the fathers: of Seraiah, Meraiah; of Jeremiah, Hananiah; 
Of Ezra, Meshullam; of Amariah, Jehohanan; 
Of Melicu, Jonathan; of Shebaniah, Joseph; 
Of Harim, Adna; of Meraioth, Helkai; 
Of Iddo, Zecharia
232,ell among the children of Israel. 
And the chief fathers of the families of the children of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh, of the families of the sons of Joseph, came near, and spake before Moses, and before the pri
214,make thy land desolate; and thy cities shall be laid waste, without an inhabitant. 
For this gird you with sackcloth, lament and howl: for the fierce anger of the LORD is not turned back from us. 
And it shall come
195,vity for their iniquity: because they trespassed against me, therefore hid I my face from them, and gave them into the hand of their enemies: so fell they all by the sword. 
According to their un
212, head in the day of battle. 
Grant not, O LORD, the desires of the wicked: further not his wicked device; lest they exalt themselves. Selah. 
As for the head of those that compass me about, let the mischief of th
206,f the flame: there shall not be a coal to warm at, nor fire to sit before it. 
Thus shall they be unto thee with whom thou hast laboured, even thy merchants, from thy youth: they shall wander every one to h
176,For the LORD hath chosen Zion; he hath desired it for his habitation. 
This is my rest for ever: here will I dwell; for I have desired it. 
I will abundantly bless her provisio
165, them go. 
And the brethren immediately sent away Paul and Silas by night unto Berea: who coming thither went into the synagogue of the Jews. 
These were more noble 
216,d the LORD said unto me, Arise, take thy journey before the people, that they may go in and possess the land, which I sware unto their fathers to give unto them. 
And now, Israel, what doth the LORD thy God require o
237,thy likeness. 
I will love thee, O LORD, my strength. 
The LORD is my rock, and my fortress, and my deliverer; my God, my strength, in whom I will trust; my buckler, and the horn of my salvation, and my high tower. 
I will call upon the 
229,e I will bring the worst of the heathen, and they shall possess their houses: I will also make the pomp of the strong to cease; and their holy places shall be defiled. 
Destruction cometh; and they shall seek peace, and there sha
214, transgress the law? 
For he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly; neither is that circumcision, which is outward in the flesh: 
But he is a Jew, which is one inwardly; and circumcision is that of the heart, in the
189,city of David: and Asa his son reigned in his stead. 
And in the twentieth year of Jeroboam king of Israel reigned Asa over Judah. 
And forty and one years reigned he in Jerusalem. And his 
225,f his life. 
And for his diet, there was a continual diet given him of the king of Babylon, every day a portion until the day of his death, all the days of his life. 
How doth the city sit solitary, that was full of people! h
204, of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves. 
Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles? 
Even so every g
180, work therein: it shall be a statute for ever in all your dwellings throughout your generations. 
And when ye reap the harvest of your land, thou shalt not make clean riddance of t
199,places of Baal, to burn their sons with fire for burnt offerings unto Baal, which I commanded not, nor spake it, neither came it into my mind: 
Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that 
215,e David fall by the hand of the Philistines. 
And when his servants told David these words, it pleased David well to be the king's son in law: and the days were not expired. 
Wherefore David arose and went, he and h
228,and she shall preserve thee: love her, and she shall keep thee. 
Wisdom is the principal thing; therefore get wisdom: and with all thy getting get understanding. 
Exalt her, and she shall promote thee: she shall bring thee to ho
187,l diligently keep the commandments of the LORD your God, and his testimonies, and his statutes, which he hath commanded thee. 
And thou shalt do that which is right and good in the sight 
231, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim, 
And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (of whom came the Philistines,) and Caphthorim. 
And Canaan begat Zidon his firstborn, and Heth, 
The Jebusite also, and the Amorite, and the Girgashite, 
And t
183,nto thy father's concubines, which he hath left to keep the house; and all Israel shall hear that thou art abhorred of thy father: then shall the hands of all that are with thee be st
194,ause thou hast let go out of thy hand a man whom I appointed to utter destruction, therefore thy life shall go for his life, and thy people for his people. 
And the king of Israel went to his ho
167,icked shall not rest upon the lot of the righteous; lest the righteous put forth their hands unto iniquity. 
Do good, O LORD, unto those that be good, and to them that
209, of Judah, that are gone into the land of Egypt to sojourn there, shall know whose words shall stand, mine, or their's. 
And this shall be a sign unto you, saith the LORD, that I will punish you in this place,
187,er him. 
And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him. 
And the LORD said unto Cain, W
221, in the wilderness. And there was not left a man of them, save Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun. 
Then came the daughters of Zelophehad, the son of Hepher, the son of Gilead, the son of Machir, the so
219,th right well. 
My substance was not hid from thee, when I was made in secret, and curiously wrought in the lowest parts of the earth. 
Thine eyes did see my substance, yet being unperfect; and in thy book all my member
209,ts of Jehoiakim, and his abominations which he did, and that which was found in him, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah: and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead. 
Jehoiac
178,did unto me when I came forth out of Egypt. 
And it shall be for a sign unto thee upon thine hand, and for a memorial between thine eyes, that the LORD's law may be in thy mouth:
236,id unto him, Where wilt thou that we prepare? 
And he said unto them, Behold, when ye are entered into the city, there shall a man meet you, bearing a pitcher of water; follow him into the house where he entereth in. 
And ye shall say u
191,. 
And David said to all the congregation, Now bless the LORD your God. And all the congregation blessed the LORD God of their fathers, and bowed down their heads, and worshipped the LORD, an
227,of time, that the children of Ammon made war against Israel. 
And it was so, that when the children of Ammon made war against Israel, the elders of Gilead went to fetch Jephthah out of the land of Tob: 
And they said unto Jepht
222,den? 
Which were cut down out of time, whose foundation was overflown with a flood: 
Which said unto God, Depart from us: and what can the Almighty do for them? 
Yet he filled their houses with good things: but the counsel
191,emple of the LORD to burn incense upon the altar of incense. 
And Azariah the priest went in after him, and with him fourscore priests of the LORD, that were valiant men: 
And they withstood 
189,thy God hath given thee to dwell there, saying, 
Certain men, the children of Belial, are gone out from among you, and have withdrawn the inhabitants of their city, saying, Let us go and se
193,d of beast, and gave them unto the Levites, which kept the charge of the tabernacle of the LORD; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And the officers which were over thousands of the host, the captai
235,tar of the LORD, which he had built before the porch, 
Even after a certain rate every day, offering according to the commandment of Moses, on the sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the solemn feasts, three times in the year, even 
177, ointment. 
He maketh a path to shine after him; one would think the deep to be hoary. 
Upon earth there is not his like, who is made without fear. 
He beholdeth all high things
187,it, heard of him, and came and fell at his feet: 
The woman was a Greek, a Syrophenician by nation; and she besought him that he would cast forth the devil out of her daughter. 
But Jesus
197, midst of the people. 
All our enemies have opened their mouths against us. 
Fear and a snare is come upon us, desolation and destruction. 
Mine eye runneth down with rivers of water for the destru
199, the people, from them that offer a sacrifice, whether it be ox or sheep; and they shall give unto the priest the shoulder, and the two cheeks, and the maw. 
The firstfruit also of thy corn, of thy w
215, judgment are the habitation of thy throne: mercy and truth shall go before thy face. 
Blessed is the people that know the joyful sound: they shall walk, O LORD, in the light of thy countenance. 
In thy name shall t
203,shalt cut the ram in pieces, and wash the inwards of him, and his legs, and put them unto his pieces, and unto his head. 
And thou shalt burn the whole ram upon the altar: it is a burnt offering unto the
238,hereof. 
As in the overthrow of Sodom and Gomorrah and the neighbour cities thereof, saith the LORD, no man shall abide there, neither shall a son of man dwell in it. 
Behold, he shall come up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan again
212,ll call upon the LORD, who is worthy to be praised: so shall I be saved from mine enemies. 
The sorrows of death compassed me, and the floods of ungodly men made me afraid. 
The sorrows of hell compassed me about
195,elteshazzar; and to Hananiah, of Shadrach; and to Mishael, of Meshach; and to Azariah, of Abednego. 
But Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the portion of the king
218, be washed the second time, and shall be clean. 
This is the law of the plague of leprosy in a garment of woollen or linen, either in the warp, or woof, or any thing of skins, to pronounce it clean, or to pronounce it 
200,tain over his people, because thou hast not kept that which the LORD commanded thee. 
And Samuel arose, and gat him up from Gilgal unto Gibeah of Benjamin. And Saul numbered the people that were prese
171, altar for an offering made by fire unto the LORD: it is a trespass offering. 
Every male among the priests shall eat thereof: it shall be eaten in the holy place: it is m
239,on. 
For the love of money is the root of all evil: which while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith, and pierced themselves through with many sorrows. 
But thou, O man of God, flee these things; and follow after righteousnes
203,y gates: 
And the Levite, (because he hath no part nor inheritance with thee,) and the stranger, and the fatherless, and the widow, which are within thy gates, shall come, and shall eat and be satisfied;
188,to eight; for thou knowest not what evil shall be upon the earth. 
If the clouds be full of rain, they empty themselves upon the earth: and if the tree fall toward the south, or toward the
209,And the angel of the LORD found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness, by the fountain in the way to Shur. 
And he said, Hagar, Sarai's maid, whence camest thou? and whither wilt thou go? And she said, 
230,tions, beginning at Jerusalem. 
And ye are witnesses of these things. 
And, behold, I send the promise of my Father upon you: but tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem, until ye be endued with power from on high. 
And he led them out 
207, dark; and they rebelled not against his word. 
He turned their waters into blood, and slew their fish. 
Their land brought forth frogs in abundance, in the chambers of their kings. 
He spake, and there came
210,he LORD, your brethren and your children shall find compassion before them that lead them captive, so that they shall come again into this land: for the LORD your God is gracious and merciful, and will not turn
220,proach unto me, to minister unto me, saith the Lord GOD, a young bullock for a sin offering. 
And thou shalt take of the blood thereof, and put it on the four horns of it, and on the four corners of the settle, and upon 
183,dan, and the goings out of it shall be at the salt sea: this shall be your land with the coasts thereof round about. 
And Moses commanded the children of Israel, saying, This is the l
240,not come within the camp: 
But it shall be, when evening cometh on, he shall wash himself with water: and when the sun is down, he shall come into the camp again. 
Thou shalt have a place also without the camp, whither thou shalt go forth a
178, happened to be there a man of Belial, whose name was Sheba, the son of Bichri, a Benjamite: and he blew a trumpet, and said, We have no part in David, neither have we inheritanc
204, they turned back from him, and would not consider any of his ways: 
So that they cause the cry of the poor to come unto him, and he heareth the cry of the afflicted. 
When he giveth quietness, who then c
164, of Judaea and Samaria, except the apostles. 
And devout men carried Stephen to his burial, and made great lamentation over him. 
As for Saul, he made havock of the
186, his guard. 
Also the valiant men of the armies were, Asahel the brother of Joab, Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem, 
Shammoth the Harorite, Helez the Pelonite, 
Ira the son of Ikkesh
236,all perish. 
Praise ye the LORD. Praise, O ye servants of the LORD, praise the name of the LORD. 
Blessed be the name of the LORD from this time forth and for evermore. 
From the rising of the sun unto the going down of the same the LOR
226, thee, is burned up with fire: and all our pleasant things are laid waste. 
Wilt thou refrain thyself for these things, O LORD? wilt thou hold thy peace, and afflict us very sore? 
I am sought of them that asked not for me; I 
189,d by their names: 
And they assembled all the congregation together on the first day of the second month, and they declared their pedigrees after their families, by the house of their fathe
201,h are seen were not made of things which do appear. 
By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous, God testifying of his gifts
176,nd I will break the bow and the sword and the battle out of the earth, and will make them to lie down safely. 
And I will betroth thee unto me for ever; yea, I will betroth the
198,man, prophesy, and say, Thus saith the LORD; Say, A sword, a sword is sharpened, and also furbished: 
It is sharpened to make a sore slaughter; it is furbished that it may glitter: should we then ma
181,se out of all your tribes to put his name there, even unto his habitation shall ye seek, and thither thou shalt come: 
And thither ye shall bring your burnt offerings, and your sacr
208, come into thy house in the multitude of thy mercy: and in thy fear will I worship toward thy holy temple. 
Lead me, O LORD, in thy righteousness because of mine enemies; make thy way straight before my face.
185, LORD; Behold, he shall fly as an eagle, and shall spread his wings over Moab. 
Kerioth is taken, and the strong holds are surprised, and the mighty men's hearts in Moab at that day sha
207,art a virtuous woman. 
And now it is true that I am thy near kinsman: howbeit there is a kinsman nearer than I. 
Tarry this night, and it shall be in the morning, that if he will perform unto thee the part o
225,s which were sent from you, an odour of a sweet smell, a sacrifice acceptable, wellpleasing to God. 
But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus. 
Now unto God and our Father be glor
180,hem, that they may help me. But they were the ruin of him, and of all Israel. 
And Ahaz gathered together the vessels of the house of God, and cut in pieces the vessels of the hous
192,h of old. Selah. Because they have no changes, therefore they fear not God. 
He hath put forth his hands against such as be at peace with him: he hath broken his covenant. 
The words of his mo
233,e that is in the city, famine and pestilence shall devour him. 
But they that escape of them shall escape, and shall be on the mountains like doves of the valleys, all of them mourning, every one for his iniquity. 
All hands shall be
197,p gate; they sanctified it, and set up the doors of it; even unto the tower of Meah they sanctified it, unto the tower of Hananeel. 
And next unto him builded the men of Jericho. And next to them b
192, shall it exalt itself any more above the nations: for I will diminish them, that they shall no more rule over the nations. 
And it shall be no more the confidence of the house of Israel, whic
167,, and the fire shall devour them. 
Their fruit shalt thou destroy from the earth, and their seed from among the children of men. 
For they intended evil against thee: 
219,n. 
Then came his disciples, and said unto him, Knowest thou that the Pharisees were offended, after they heard this saying? 
But he answered and said, Every plant, which my heavenly Father hath not planted, shall be ro
222,heir sleep. 
O that thou wouldest hide me in the grave, that thou wouldest keep me secret, until thy wrath be past, that thou wouldest appoint me a set time, and remember me! 
If a man die, shall he live again? all the day
188,he came to day to the city; for there is a sacrifice of the people to day in the high place: 
As soon as ye be come into the city, ye shall straightway find him, before he go up to the hig
221,ak unto Aaron and to his sons, that they separate themselves from the holy things of the children of Israel, and that they profane not my holy name in those things which they hallow unto me: I am the LORD. 
Say unto them,
179,causeth the curse: 
And the priest shall charge her by an oath, and say unto the woman, If no man have lain with thee, and if thou hast not gone aside to uncleanness with another 
181,governor Felix sendeth greeting. 
This man was taken of the Jews, and should have been killed of them: then came I with an army, and rescued him, having understood that he was a Rom
168,saith the LORD; Behold, I will plead thy cause, and take vengeance for thee; and I will dry up her sea, and make her springs dry. 
And Babylon shall become heaps, a dwe
174,or an adversary against him. Now he was riding upon his ass, and his two servants were with him. 
And the ass saw the angel of the LORD standing in the way, and his sword dra
207, their drag; because by them their portion is fat, and their meat plenteous. 
Shall they therefore empty their net, and not spare continually to slay the nations? 
I will stand upon my watch, and set me upon
212, money of them that were over and above them that were redeemed by the Levites: 
Of the firstborn of the children of Israel took he the money; a thousand three hundred and threescore and five shekels, after the s
178, 
But let judgment run down as waters, and righteousness as a mighty stream. 
Have ye offered unto me sacrifices and offerings in the wilderness forty years, O house of Israel? 

162,ORD, who is with you in the judgment. 
Wherefore now let the fear of the LORD be upon you; take heed and do it: for there is no iniquity with the LORD our God, no
232, utterly darkened. 
The burden of the word of the LORD for Israel, saith the LORD, which stretcheth forth the heavens, and layeth the foundation of the earth, and formeth the spirit of man within him. 
Behold, I will make Jerusalem 
204, that I may see it. 
And they brought it. And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription? And they said unto him, Caesar's. 
And Jesus answering said unto them, Render to Caesar the things
184,: sing praises unto his name; for it is pleasant. 
For the LORD hath chosen Jacob unto himself, and Israel for his peculiar treasure. 
For I know that the LORD is great, and that our L
216, a man whose seed goeth from him; 
Or whosoever toucheth any creeping thing, whereby he may be made unclean, or a man of whom he may take uncleanness, whatsoever uncleanness he hath; 
The soul which hath touched any 
182, enter into thy congregation. 
All her people sigh, they seek bread; they have given their pleasant things for meat to relieve the soul: see, O LORD, and consider; for I am become vi
197,ll be born of thee shall be called the Son of God. 
And, behold, thy cousin Elisabeth, she hath also conceived a son in her old age: and this is the sixth month with her, who was called barren. 
Fo
227,mine eyes from beholding vanity; and quicken thou me in thy way. 
Stablish thy word unto thy servant, who is devoted to thy fear. 
Turn away my reproach which I fear: for thy judgments are good. 
Behold, I have longed after thy
228, the which the LORD thy God shall send thee to us. 
Whether it be good, or whether it be evil, we will obey the voice of the LORD our God, to whom we send thee; that it may be well with us, when we obey the voice of the LORD our
196,er is Gihon: the same is it that compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia. 
And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that is it which goeth toward the east of Assyria. And the fourth river is Eup
233, the LORD being merciful unto him: and they brought him forth, and set him without the city. 
And it came to pass, when they had brought them forth abroad, that he said, Escape for thy life; look not behind thee, neither stay thou in
232,e cursed of him shall be cut off. 
The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD: and he delighteth in his way. 
Though he fall, he shall not be utterly cast down: for the LORD upholdeth him with his hand. 
I have been young, and 
211,hou hast let go out of thy hand a man whom I appointed to utter destruction, therefore thy life shall go for his life, and thy people for his people. 
And the king of Israel went to his house heavy and displease
198,nd they shall be robbed. 
A drought is upon her waters; and they shall be dried up: for it is the land of graven images, and they are mad upon their idols. 
Therefore the wild beasts of the desert w
216,RD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying, 
This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD hath commanded, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, that they bring thee a red heifer without spot, wherein is no bl
202,ears, and brought them unto Aaron. 
And he received them at their hand, and fashioned it with a graving tool, after he had made it a molten calf: and they said, These be thy gods, O Israel, which brough
161,a blessing in the midst of the land: 
Whom the LORD of hosts shall bless, saying, Blessed be Egypt my people, and Assyria the work of my hands, and Israel mine i
210,children of Israel, When a man or woman shall commit any sin that men commit, to do a trespass against the LORD, and that person be guilty; 
Then they shall confess their sin which they have done: and he shall 
232,ot a house where there was not one dead. 
And he called for Moses and Aaron by night, and said, Rise up, and get you forth from among my people, both ye and the children of Israel; and go, serve the LORD, as ye have said. 
Also take
192, beat vehemently, and immediately it fell; and the ruin of that house was great. 
Now when he had ended all his sayings in the audience of the people, he entered into Capernaum. 
And a certain
171, and the hair thereof be turned white; the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a plague of leprosy broken out of the boil. 
But if the priest look on it, and, behold
196,ith the whole heart. 
They also do no iniquity: they walk in his ways. 
Thou hast commanded us to keep thy precepts diligently. 
O that my ways were directed to keep thy statutes! 
Then shall I no
216, first and great commandment. 
And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. 
On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets. 
While the Pharisees were gathered together, Jesu
177,nd said, This man was also with him. 
And he denied him, saying, Woman, I know him not. 
And after a little while another saw him, and said, Thou art also of them. And Peter sai
187,dst before Jesus. 
And when he saw their faith, he said unto him, Man, thy sins are forgiven thee. 
And the scribes and the Pharisees began to reason, saying, Who is this which speaketh b
164,htaulites, 
The sons of Salma; Bethlehem, and the Netophathites, Ataroth, the house of Joab, and half of the Manahethites, the Zorites. 
And the families of the scr
209,n of Zeruiah, brother to Joab, saying, Who will go down with me to Saul to the camp? And Abishai said, I will go down with thee. 
So David and Abishai came to the people by night: and, behold, Saul lay sleepin
235,And his heart was lifted up in the ways of the LORD: moreover he took away the high places and groves out of Judah. 
Also in the third year of his reign he sent to his princes, even to Benhail, and to Obadiah, and to Zechariah, and to 
225, how great things Jesus had done unto him. 
And it came to pass, that, when Jesus was returned, the people gladly received him: for they were all waiting for him. 
And, behold, there came a man named Jairus, and he was a rule
217,orgiven him. 
It is a trespass offering: he hath certainly trespassed against the LORD. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
If a soul sin, and commit a trespass against the LORD, and lie unto his neighbour in tha
183,Naphtali, satisfied with favour, and full with the blessing of the LORD: possess thou the west and the south. 
And of Asher he said, Let Asher be blessed with children; let him be acc
194,in the morning, to return into the land of the Philistines. And the Philistines went up to Jezreel. 
And it came to pass, when David and his men were come to Ziklag on the third day, that the Am
162,id unto them, Why trouble ye the woman? for she hath wrought a good work upon me. 
For ye have the poor always with you; but me ye have not always. 
For in that s
164, man that is called a brother be a fornicator, or covetous, or an idolator, or a railer, or a drunkard, or an extortioner; with such an one no not to eat. 
For what
172,im, and let him go; 
And answered them, saying, Which of you shall have an ass or an ox fallen into a pit, and will not straightway pull him out on the sabbath day? 
And th
233,ed: 
I even weighed unto their hand six hundred and fifty talents of silver, and silver vessels an hundred talents, and of gold an hundred talents; 
Also twenty basons of gold, of a thousand drams; and two vessels of fine copper, pre
186,the LORD our God? 
Then shalt thou say unto them, Because your fathers have forsaken me, saith the LORD, and have walked after other gods, and have served them, and have worshipped them,
183, man, then shall ye know that I am he, and that I do nothing of myself; but as my Father hath taught me, I speak these things. 
And he that sent me is with me: the Father hath not lef
210,the earth; Peace be multiplied unto you. 
I make a decree, That in every dominion of my kingdom men tremble and fear before the God of Daniel: for he is the living God, and stedfast for ever, and his kingdom th
221, Joshua did unto them as the LORD bade him: he houghed their horses, and burnt their chariots with fire. 
And Joshua at that time turned back, and took Hazor, and smote the king thereof with the sword: for Hazor beforetim
205, in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah? 
And there was war between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all their days. 
And Rehoboam slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of D
224,is God was with him, and magnified him exceedingly. 
Then Solomon spake unto all Israel, to the captains of thousands and of hundreds, and to the judges, and to every governor in all Israel, the chief of the fathers. 
So Sol
171,the inhabitants of the land, and dwell therein: for I have given you the land to possess it. 
And ye shall divide the land by lot for an inheritance among your families: a
208, the mountains, in the cities of the vale, and in the cities of the south, and in the land of Benjamin, and in the places about Jerusalem, and in the cities of Judah, shall the flocks pass again under the han
185,him nought; and he cry unto the LORD against thee, and it be sin unto thee. 
Thou shalt surely give him, and thine heart shall not be grieved when thou givest unto him: because that for
196,d, nor a thirst for water, but of hearing the words of the LORD: 
And they shall wander from sea to sea, and from the north even to the east, they shall run to and fro to seek the word of the LORD
235,came into the city of David, Michal Saul's daughter looked through a window, and saw king David leaping and dancing before the LORD; and she despised him in her heart. 
And they brought in the ark of the LORD, and set it in his place, 
232,s is like the smell of Lebanon. 
A garden inclosed is my sister, my spouse; a spring shut up, a fountain sealed. 
Thy plants are an orchard of pomegranates, with pleasant fruits; camphire, with spikenard, 
Spikenard and saffron; cal
234,began to say, This is an evil generation: they seek a sign; and there shall no sign be given it, but the sign of Jonas the prophet. 
For as Jonas was a sign unto the Ninevites, so shall also the Son of man be to this generation. 
The 
166,ders thereof, he graved cherubims, lions, and palm trees, according to the proportion of every one, and additions round about. 
After this manner he made the ten base
208,olden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication: 
And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH. 
And I
221,saying, Amen; Alleluia. 
And a voice came out of the throne, saying, Praise our God, all ye his servants, and ye that fear him, both small and great. 
And I heard as it were the voice of a great multitude, and as the voic
186,ers; and ye shall spoil the Egyptians. 
And Moses answered and said, But, behold, they will not believe me, nor hearken unto my voice: for they will say, The LORD hath not appeared unto 
171,d he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, but not with a perfect heart. 
Now it came to pass, when the kingdom was established to him, that he slew his serva
235,RD, 
Alas for the day! for the day of the LORD is at hand, and as a destruction from the Almighty shall it come. 
Is not the meat cut off before our eyes, yea, joy and gladness from the house of our God? 
The seed is rotten under their
199,how the king was grieved for his son. 
And the people gat them by stealth that day into the city, as people being ashamed steal away when they flee in battle. 
But the king covered his face, and the 
168,ith, I joy, and rejoice with you all. 
For the same cause also do ye joy, and rejoice with me. 
But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timotheus shortly unto you, that I
212,in, he clappeth his hands among us, and multiplieth his words against God. 
Elihu spake moreover, and said, 
Thinkest thou this to be right, that thou saidst, My righteousness is more than God's? 
For thou saidst
176,cares and riches and pleasures of this life, and bring no fruit to perfection. 
But that on the good ground are they, which in an honest and good heart, having heard the word, 
191,hewed us how he had seen an angel in his house, which stood and said unto him, Send men to Joppa, and call for Simon, whose surname is Peter; 
Who shall tell thee words, whereby thou and all 
236,fore the LORD unto battle, to the plains of Jericho. 
On that day the LORD magnified Joshua in the sight of all Israel; and they feared him, as they feared Moses, all the days of his life. 
And the LORD spake unto Joshua, saying, 
Comma
185,, until they had made an end. 
Now it came to pass, that at what time the chest was brought unto the king's office by the hand of the Levites, and when they saw that there was much mone
216,t throughout all the land of Egypt. 
And in the seven plenteous years the earth brought forth by handfuls. 
And he gathered up all the food of the seven years, which were in the land of Egypt, and laid up the food in
161, not yet all things put under him. 
But we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honour; that
189,shall not rise up against a man for any iniquity, or for any sin, in any sin that he sinneth: at the mouth of two witnesses, or at the mouth of three witnesses, shall the matter be establis
166, king, to conduct the king over Jordan. 
And Shimei the son of Gera, a Benjamite, which was of Bahurim, hasted and came down with the men of Judah to meet king David.
181,on of Hachaliah. And it came to pass in the month Chisleu, in the twentieth year, as I was in Shushan the palace, 
That Hanani, one of my brethren, came, he and certain men of Judah
166,and snared, and taken. 
Wherefore hear the word of the LORD, ye scornful men, that rule this people which is in Jerusalem. 
Because ye have said, We have made a coven
181, out of the land of Egypt. 
And Solomon stood before the altar of the LORD in the presence of all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hands toward heaven: 
And he said,
169,els of gold; beside ornaments, and collars, and purple raiment that was on the kings of Midian, and beside the chains that were about their camels' necks. 
And Gideon ma
200,, the son of Hashabiah, of the sons of Merari; 
And Bakbakkar, Heresh, and Galal, and Mattaniah the son of Micah, the son of Zichri, the son of Asaph; 
And Obadiah the son of Shemaiah, the son of Gala
215, know, from the first day that I came into Asia, after what manner I have been with you at all seasons, 
Serving the LORD with all humility of mind, and with many tears, and temptations, which befell me by the lying
167,! behold, the prophets say unto them, Ye shall not see the sword, neither shall ye have famine; but I will give you assured peace in this place. 
Then the LORD said un
179, nations; the kings shall shut their mouths at him: for that which had not been told them shall they see; and that which they had not heard shall they consider. 
Who hath believed
238, Joshua spake unto the house of Joseph, even to Ephraim and to Manasseh, saying, Thou art a great people, and hast great power: thou shalt not have one lot only: 
But the mountain shall be thine; for it is a wood, and thou shalt cut it do
176, 
And desiring to be fed with the crumbs which fell from the rich man's table: moreover the dogs came and licked his sores. 
And it came to pass, that the beggar died, and was 
196,their hands on the apostles, and put them in the common prison. 
But the angel of the Lord by night opened the prison doors, and brought them forth, and said, 
Go, stand and speak in the temple to
173,n Jerusalem, and saw not the king's face. 
Therefore Absalom sent for Joab, to have sent him to the king; but he would not come to him: and when he sent again the second tim
235, all things; hold fast that which is good. 
Abstain from all appearance of evil. 
And the very God of peace sanctify you wholly; and I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesu
188,re shall all hands be faint, and every man's heart shall melt: 
And they shall be afraid: pangs and sorrows shall take hold of them; they shall be in pain as a woman that travaileth: they 
198,ee. 
And he arose, and did eat and drink, and went in the strength of that meat forty days and forty nights unto Horeb the mount of God. 
And he came thither unto a cave, and lodged there; and, beho
179,he children of Israel, saying, Ye shall eat no manner of fat, of ox, or of sheep, or of goat. 
And the fat of the beast that dieth of itself, and the fat of that which is torn wit
212,utterance, to speak the mystery of Christ, for which I am also in bonds: 
That I may make it manifest, as I ought to speak. 
Walk in wisdom toward them that are without, redeeming the time. 
Let your speech be al
218,fore are they cast out, he and his seed, and are cast into a land which they know not? 
O earth, earth, earth, hear the word of the LORD. 
Thus saith the LORD, Write ye this man childless, a man that shall not prosper 
234,e kings of Persia, to give us a reviving, to set up the house of our God, and to repair the desolations thereof, and to give us a wall in Judah and in Jerusalem. 
And now, O our God, what shall we say after this? for we have forsaken 
183,teeth: it devoured and brake in pieces, and stamped the residue with the feet of it: and it was diverse from all the beasts that were before it; and it had ten horns. 
I considered th
211,s field, as the Lord appointed me. 
And Jesus stood before the governor: and the governor asked him, saying, Art thou the King of the Jews? And Jesus said unto him, Thou sayest. 
And when he was accused of the c
193,was at the point of death. 
Then said Jesus unto him, Except ye see signs and wonders, ye will not believe. 
The nobleman saith unto him, Sir, come down ere my child die. 
Jesus saith unto him,
216, and said, Yet forty days, and Nineveh shall be overthrown. 
So the people of Nineveh believed God, and proclaimed a fast, and put on sackcloth, from the greatest of them even to the least of them. 
For word came unt
193,tricken through his temples. 
At her feet he bowed, he fell, he lay down: at her feet he bowed, he fell: where he bowed, there he fell down dead. 
The mother of Sisera looked out at a window, a
197,and of Israel. 
And ye shall know that I am the LORD, when I have opened your graves, O my people, and brought you up out of your graves, 
And shall put my spirit in you, and ye shall live, and I s
237,
For whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Arise, and walk? 
But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins, (then saith he to the sick of the palsy,) Arise, take up thy bed, and g
170,me to pass also in the twelfth year, in the fifteenth day of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, wail for the multitude of Egypt, and 
212,ebel against the commandment of the LORD, then shall the hand of the LORD be against you, as it was against your fathers. 
Now therefore stand and see this great thing, which the LORD will do before your eyes. 
I
199, LORD. 
In the year of the jubile the field shall return unto him of whom it was bought, even to him to whom the possession of the land did belong. 
And all thy estimations shall be according to the 
203,ping shall they go it up; for in the way of Horonaim they shall raise up a cry of destruction. 
For the waters of Nimrim shall be desolate: for the hay is withered away, the grass faileth, there is no gr
225,ant with the inhabitants of the land, and they go a whoring after their gods, and do sacrifice unto their gods, and one call thee, and thou eat of his sacrifice; 
And thou take of their daughters unto thy sons, and their daug
232,attle, and to the fowl of the air, and to every beast of the field; but for Adam there was not found an help meet for him. 
And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he slept: and he took one of his ribs, and close
199,heth the flesh of him that hath the issue shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even. 
And if he that hath the issue spit upon him that is clean; then he shall 
220,nd they fell all seven together, and were put to death in the days of harvest, in the first days, in the beginning of barley harvest. 
And Rizpah the daughter of Aiah took sackcloth, and spread it for her upon the rock, 
195, ye should do as I have done to you. 
Verily, verily, I say unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord; neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him. 
If ye know these things, ha
162, his servant, or the eye of his maid, that it perish; he shall let him go free for his eye's sake. 
And if he smite out his manservant's tooth, or his maidservant
192,orn him three sons: therefore was his name called Levi. 
And she conceived again, and bare a son: and she said, Now will I praise the LORD: therefore she called his name Judah; and left bearin
240,Surely there is a vein for the silver, and a place for gold where they fine it. 
Iron is taken out of the earth, and brass is molten out of the stone. 
He setteth an end to darkness, and searcheth out all perfection: the stones of darkness,
199,o through the earth. 
And they answered the angel of the LORD that stood among the myrtle trees, and said, We have walked to and fro through the earth, and, behold, all the earth sitteth still, and i
187, holy things; because it is his food. 
That which dieth of itself, or is torn with beasts, he shall not eat to defile himself therewith; I am the LORD. 
They shall therefore keep mine ord
177,epeth his soul from troubles. 
Proud and haughty scorner is his name, who dealeth in proud wrath. 
The desire of the slothful killeth him; for his hands refuse to labour. 
He co
180,er the shadow of it. 
And with many such parables spake he the word unto them, as they were able to hear it. 
But without a parable spake he not unto them: and when they were alone
208,. 
The sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah: which three were born unto him of the daughter of Shua the Canaanitess. And Er, the firstborn of Judah, was evil in the sight of the LORD; and he slew him. 
And
224,, I will preserve them alive; and let thy widows trust in me. 
For thus saith the LORD; Behold, they whose judgment was not to drink of the cup have assuredly drunken; and art thou he that shall altogether go unpunished? tho
166,nourable in thine house? 
Did I then begin to enquire of God for him? be it far from me: let not the king impute any thing unto his servant, nor to all the house of m
179, offer of it all the fat thereof; the rump, and the fat that covereth the inwards, 
And the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, which is by the flanks, and the caul that is 
200,th, and shall be an overflowing flood, and shall overflow the land, and all that is therein; the city, and them that dwell therein: then the men shall cry, and all the inhabitants of the land shall ho
218,o him the mother of Zebedees children with her sons, worshipping him, and desiring a certain thing of him. 
And he said unto her, What wilt thou? She saith unto him, Grant that these my two sons may sit, the one on thy
235,ring; and the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD for his issue. 
And if any man's seed of copulation go out from him, then he shall wash all his flesh in water, and be unclean until the even. 
And every garment, and
208,
And there stood before them seventy men of the ancients of the house of Israel, and in the midst of them stood Jaazaniah the son of Shaphan, with every man his censer in his hand; and a thick cloud of incens
166,to another, from one kingdom to another people; 
He suffered no man to do them wrong: yea, he reproved kings for their sakes; 
Saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do
227,came to pass after these things, that God did tempt Abraham, and said unto him, Abraham: and he said, Behold, here I am. 
And he said, Take now thy son, thine only son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and get thee into the land of Mori
212,eir pilgrimage. 
And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from before Pharaoh. 
And Joseph placed his father and his brethren, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land 
237,of the field, that ye shall receive no more reproach of famine among the heathen. 
Then shall ye remember your own evil ways, and your doings that were not good, and shall lothe yourselves in your own sight for your iniquities and for yo
210,nd the plague was stayed from Israel. 
Now king David was old and stricken in years; and they covered him with clothes, but he gat no heat. 
Wherefore his servants said unto him, Let there be sought for my lord
198,m, according to the good hand of his God upon him. 
For Ezra had prepared his heart to seek the law of the LORD, and to do it, and to teach in Israel statutes and judgments. 
Now this is the copy of
238,ed aside quickly out of the way which I commanded them: they have made them a molten calf, and have worshipped it, and have sacrificed thereunto, and said, These be thy gods, O Israel, which have brought thee up out of the land of Egypt. 
206,hall the people go up with him. 
And Moses came and told the people all the words of the LORD, and all the judgments: and all the people answered with one voice, and said, All the words which the LORD hath 
225,RD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, prophesy against the prophets of Israel that prophesy, and say thou unto them that prophesy out of their own hearts, Hear ye the word of the LORD; 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe unto the f
163,hs: 
And the frogs shall come up both on thee, and upon thy people, and upon all thy servants. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Stretch forth thine 
166,e which he had appointed him. 
And David said to Abishai, Now shall Sheba the son of Bichri do us more harm than did Absalom: take thou thy lord's servants, and pursu
188,wives, and the lives of thy concubines; 
In that thou lovest thine enemies, and hatest thy friends. For thou hast declared this day, that thou regardest neither princes nor servants: for t
224,elve: 
The sons of Leah; Reuben, Jacob's firstborn, and Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Zebulun: 
The sons of Rachel; Joseph, and Benjamin: 
And the sons of Bilhah, Rachel's handmaid; Dan, and Naphtali: 
And t
222,d with silver, and her feathers with yellow gold. 
When the Almighty scattered kings in it, it was white as snow in Salmon. 
The hill of God is as the hill of Bashan; an high hill as the hill of Bashan. 
Why leap ye, ye hi
234,hall go up thereon, it shall not be found there; but the redeemed shall walk there: 
And the ransomed of the LORD shall return, and come to Zion with songs and everlasting joy upon their heads: they shall obtain joy and gladness, and 
198,d, Come, and let us cut them off from being a nation; that the name of Israel may be no more in remembrance. 
For they have consulted together with one consent: they are confederate against thee: 
T
206,ommanded him; and he came to the trench, as the host was going forth to the fight, and shouted for the battle. 
For Israel and the Philistines had put the battle in array, army against army. 
And David left
214,elves, stand ye still, and see the salvation of the LORD with you, O Judah and Jerusalem: fear not, nor be dismayed; to morrow go out against them: for the LORD will be with you. 
And Jehoshaphat bowed his head wit
219,tones. And the glory of the LORD appeared in the tabernacle of the congregation before all the children of Israel. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, How long will this people provoke me? and how long will it be ere they be
204,u wilt not cut off my seed after me, and that thou wilt not destroy my name out of my father's house. 
And David sware unto Saul. And Saul went home; but David and his men gat them up unto the hold. 
And 
185,ugh they be a rebellious house. 
And thou shalt speak my words unto them, whether they will hear, or whether they will forbear: for they are most rebellious. 
But thou, son of man, hear
207,and there is not one of them left. 
Then the king arose, and tare his garments, and lay on the earth; and all his servants stood by with their clothes rent. 
And Jonadab, the son of Shimeah David's brother, 
235,my lord, are encamped in the open fields; shall I then go into mine house, to eat and to drink, and to lie with my wife? as thou livest, and as thy soul liveth, I will not do this thing. 
And David said to Uriah, Tarry here to day also
163,om upon Israel for ever, as I promised to David thy father, saying, There shall not fail thee a man upon the throne of Israel. 
But if ye shall at all turn from fo
233,se unto you one at the passover: will ye therefore that I release unto you the King of the Jews? 
Then cried they all again, saying, Not this man, but Barabbas. Now Barabbas was a robber. 
Then Pilate therefore took Jesus, and scourg
160,Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body, that ye should obey it in the lusts thereof. 
Neither yield ye your members as instrume
204, even built them for it within, even for the oracle, even for the most holy place. 
And the house, that is, the temple before it, was forty cubits long. 
And the cedar of the house within was carved with 
221,rewith one may edify another. 
For meat destroy not the work of God. All things indeed are pure; but it is evil for that man who eateth with offence. 
It is good neither to eat flesh, nor to drink wine, nor any thing wher
225,ere both according to their fashions, and according to their doors. 
And according to the doors of the chambers that were toward the south was a door in the head of the way, even the way directly before the wall toward the ea
180,out of the hand of the unrighteous and cruel man. 
For thou art my hope, O Lord GOD: thou art my trust from my youth. 
By thee have I been holden up from the womb: thou art he that
182,' religion above many my equals in mine own nation, being more exceedingly zealous of the traditions of my fathers. 
But when it pleased God, who separated me from my mother's womb, 
233, their sockets, and their pins, and their cords, with all their instruments, and with all their service: and by name ye shall reckon the instruments of the charge of their burden. 
This is the service of the families of the sons of M
210,udgments in thee in anger and in fury and in furious rebukes. I the LORD have spoken it. 
When I shall send upon them the evil arrows of famine, which shall be for their destruction, and which I will send to de
181, 
Therefore, ye mountains of Israel, hear the word of the Lord GOD; Thus saith the Lord GOD to the mountains, and to the hills, to the rivers, and to the valleys, to the desolate wa
224, in Israel. 
Thus David the son of Jesse reigned over all Israel. 
And the time that he reigned over Israel was forty years; seven years reigned he in Hebron, and thirty and three years reigned he in Jerusalem. 
And he died 
168,d the remnant in Judah perish? 
But Gedaliah the son of Ahikam said unto Johanan the son of Kareah, Thou shalt not do this thing: for thou speakest falsely of Ishmael. 
161,ye shall stay no longer. 
And Moses said unto him, As soon as I am gone out of the city, I will spread abroad my hands unto the LORD; and the thunder shall cease
206,ou, the less I be loved. 
But be it so, I did not burden you: nevertheless, being crafty, I caught you with guile. 
Did I make a gain of you by any of them whom I sent unto you? 
I desired Titus, and with h
178, long, and praise thy name for ever. Selah. 
But thou hast cast off, and put us to shame; and goest not forth with our armies. 
Thou makest us to turn back from the enemy: and th
165,word against his own life. 
Now therefore, as the LORD liveth, which hath established me, and set me on the throne of David my father, and who hath made me an house,
231,th. 
And put my cup, the silver cup, in the sack's mouth of the youngest, and his corn money. And he did according to the word that Joseph had spoken. 
As soon as the morning was light, the men were sent away, they and their asses.
168, to David, saying, Absalom hath slain all the king's sons, and there is not one of them left. 
Then the king arose, and tare his garments, and lay on the earth; and all
225,m? 
I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. Nevertheless when the Son of man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth? 
And he spake this parable unto certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteous, and de
172,at for all: the beasts of the field had shadow under it, and the fowls of the heaven dwelt in the boughs thereof, and all flesh was fed of it. 
I saw in the visions of my h
207,ing thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female. 
Of fowls after their kind, and of cattle after their kind, of every cree
202,ver you. 
To whom will ye liken me, and make me equal, and compare me, that we may be like? 
They lavish gold out of the bag, and weigh silver in the balance, and hire a goldsmith; and he maketh it a go
202,mua, and Shobab, Nathan, and Solomon, 
And Ibhar, and Elishua, and Elpalet, 
And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia, 
And Elishama, and Beeliada, and Eliphalet. 
And when the Philistines heard that David was
233,hath distributed to us, a measure to reach even unto you. 
For we stretch not ourselves beyond our measure, as though we reached not unto you: for we are come as far as to you also in preaching the gospel of Christ: 
Not boasting of 
192,he open firmament of heaven. 
And God created great whales, and every living creature that moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind, and every winged fowl after his 
216,was dry and mouldy. 
And they went to Joshua unto the camp at Gilgal, and said unto him, and to the men of Israel, We be come from a far country: now therefore make ye a league with us. 
And the men of Israel said un
173,h unto the churches. 
After this I looked, and, behold, a door was opened in heaven: and the first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me; which sai
199,le, lying children, children that will not hear the law of the LORD: 
Which say to the seers, See not; and to the prophets, Prophesy not unto us right things, speak unto us smooth things, prophesy de
230,xander the coppersmith did me much evil: the Lord reward him according to his works: 
Of whom be thou ware also; for he hath greatly withstood our words. 
At my first answer no man stood with me, but all men forsook me: I pray God
201,lean, to sanctify them unto the LORD. 
For a multitude of the people, even many of Ephraim, and Manasseh, Issachar, and Zebulun, had not cleansed themselves, yet did they eat the passover otherwise tha
165,r flocks, and all their goods. 
And they burnt all their cities wherein they dwelt, and all their goodly castles, with fire. 
And they took all the spoil, and all th
177,m off, and cast them from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life halt or maimed, rather than having two hands or two feet to be cast into everlasting fire. 
And if thine
162,f Israel. 
And it came to pass in the fifth year of king Rehoboam, that Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem: 
And he took away the treasures of the ho
222,ss; as with the buyer, so with the seller; as with the lender, so with the borrower; as with the taker of usury, so with the giver of usury to him. 
The land shall be utterly emptied, and utterly spoiled: for the LORD hath
190,and unto his head. 
And thou shalt burn the whole ram upon the altar: it is a burnt offering unto the LORD: it is a sweet savour, an offering made by fire unto the LORD. 
And thou shalt take
211,r his mercy from me. 
God be merciful unto us, and bless us; and cause his face to shine upon us; Selah. 
That thy way may be known upon earth, thy saving health among all nations. 
Let the people praise thee, O
202,aid Saul to his servant, Well said; come, let us go. So they went unto the city where the man of God was. 
And as they went up the hill to the city, they found young maidens going out to draw water, and
178,e out, and her daughter laid upon the bed. 
And again, departing from the coasts of Tyre and Sidon, he came unto the sea of Galilee, through the midst of the coasts of Decapolis.
239,in the night Ar of Moab is laid waste, and brought to silence; because in the night Kir of Moab is laid waste, and brought to silence; 
He is gone up to Bajith, and to Dibon, the high places, to weep: Moab shall howl over Nebo, and over Me
190,, twenty she asses, and ten foals. 
And he delivered them into the hand of his servants, every drove by themselves; and said unto his servants, Pass over before me, and put a space betwixt d
200, make me to walk upon mine high places. To the chief singer on my stringed instruments. 
The word of the LORD which came unto Zephaniah the son of Cushi, the son of Gedaliah, the son of Amariah, the s
221, blood, even that soul shall be cut off from his people. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, He that offereth the sacrifice of his peace offerings unto the LORD shall bring 
180, I plainly appear unto the house of thy father, when they were in Egypt in Pharaoh's house? 
And did I choose him out of all the tribes of Israel to be my priest, to offer upon min
179,are this day. 
Furthermore the LORD was angry with me for your sakes, and sware that I should not go over Jordan, and that I should not go in unto that good land, which the LORD t
215, such is our expectation, whither we flee for help to be delivered from the king of Assyria: and how shall we escape? 
The burden of the desert of the sea. As whirlwinds in the south pass through; so it cometh from 
192,us search and try our ways, and turn again to the LORD. 
Let us lift up our heart with our hands unto God in the heavens. 
We have transgressed and have rebelled: thou hast not pardoned. 
Thou
218, they shall set their palaces in thee, and make their dwellings in thee: they shall eat thy fruit, and they shall drink thy milk. 
And I will make Rabbah a stable for camels, and the Ammonites a couching place for floc
232,. 
He was more honourable than the thirty, but he attained not to the first three. And David set him over his guard. 
Asahel the brother of Joab was one of the thirty; Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem, 
Shammah the Harodite, Eli
186,im from Gath, passed on before the king. 
Then said the king to Ittai the Gittite, Wherefore goest thou also with us? return to thy place, and abide with the king: for thou art a strange
223,ny; and unto them that look for him shall he appear the second time without sin unto salvation. 
For the law having a shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things, can never with those sacrifices whic
222,were come into Macedonia, our flesh had no rest, but we were troubled on every side; without were fightings, within were fears. 
Nevertheless God, that comforteth those that are cast down, comforted us by the coming of Tit
164,tes forty and two thousand. 
And Jephthah judged Israel six years. Then died Jephthah the Gileadite, and was buried in one of the cities of Gilead. 
And after him I
238,not provision for the flesh, to fulfil the lusts thereof. 
Him that is weak in the faith receive ye, but not to doubtful disputations. 
For one believeth that he may eat all things: another, who is weak, eateth herbs. 
Let not him that ea
186,the sons of strangers shall build up thy walls, and their kings shall minister unto thee: for in my wrath I smote thee, but in my favour have I had mercy on thee. 
Therefore thy gates sh
209,ssess it. 
Keep therefore and do them; for this is your wisdom and your understanding in the sight of the nations, which shall hear all these statutes, and say, Surely this great nation is a wise and understan
201,en all that were feeble behind thee, when thou wast faint and weary; and he feared not God. 
Therefore it shall be, when the LORD thy God hath given thee rest from all thine enemies round about, in the
238,d his name Benoni: but his father called him Benjamin. 
And Rachel died, and was buried in the way to Ephrath, which is Bethlehem. 
And Jacob set a pillar upon her grave: that is the pillar of Rachel's grave unto this day. 
And Israel jou
172,anguage, that every man should bear rule in his own house, and that it should be published according to the language of every people. 
After these things, when the wrath of
232,the days of his father Asa, he took out of the land. 
There was then no king in Edom: a deputy was king. 
Jehoshaphat made ships of Tharshish to go to Ophir for gold: but they went not; for the ships were broken at Eziongeber. 
Then
203,out of thy law. 
I am a stranger in the earth: hide not thy commandments from me. 
My soul breaketh for the longing that it hath unto thy judgments at all times. 
Thou hast rebuked the proud that are cur
203,s from the truth, and shall be turned unto fables. 
But watch thou in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of an evangelist, make full proof of thy ministry. 
For I am now ready to be offered, and
202,bekah came out, who was born to Bethuel, son of Milcah, the wife of Nahor, Abraham's brother, with her pitcher upon her shoulder. 
And the damsel was very fair to look upon, a virgin, neither had any ma
220,thened himself against Israel. 
And he placed forces in all the fenced cities of Judah, and set garrisons in the land of Judah, and in the cities of Ephraim, which Asa his father had taken. 
And the LORD was with Jehosha
191,andment of Mordecai, like as when she was brought up with him. 
In those days, while Mordecai sat in the king's gate, two of the king's chamberlains, Bigthan and Teresh, of those which kept t
181,ver: behold, see, we beseech thee, we are all thy people. 
Thy holy cities are a wilderness, Zion is a wilderness, Jerusalem a desolation. 
Our holy and our beautiful house, where o
238,m. 
God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. 
The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things. 
Jesus saith unto her, I t
239, is like him: but he said, I am he. 
Therefore said they unto him, How were thine eyes opened? 
He answered and said, A man that is called Jesus made clay, and anointed mine eyes, and said unto me, Go to the pool of Siloam, and wash: and I
186,stward; and before the mercy seat shall he sprinkle of the blood with his finger seven times. 
Then shall he kill the goat of the sin offering, that is for the people, and bring his bloo
200, shall deliver them: but transgressors shall be taken in their own naughtiness. 
When a wicked man dieth, his expectation shall perish: and the hope of unjust men perisheth. 
The righteous is delivere
166,he ruin of him, and of all Israel. 
And Ahaz gathered together the vessels of the house of God, and cut in pieces the vessels of the house of God, and shut up the doo
204,ucheth it, he shall be unclean until the even. 
And if any man lie with her at all, and her flowers be upon him, he shall be unclean seven days; and all the bed whereon he lieth shall be unclean. 
And if 
208, of the land rejoiced: and the city was quiet, after that they had slain Athaliah with the sword. 
Joash was seven years old when he began to reign, and he reigned forty years in Jerusalem. His mother's name 
163,Abraham, And in thy seed shall all the kindreds of the earth be blessed. 
Unto you first God, having raised up his Son Jesus, sent him to bless you, in turning awa
236,wn the net. 
And when they had this done, they inclosed a great multitude of fishes: and their net brake. 
And they beckoned unto their partners, which were in the other ship, that they should come and help them. And they came, and fill
203,ears, which had spent all her living upon physicians, neither could be healed of any, 
Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched. 
And Jesus said
232,at it is for his life. 
Hearken unto me now therefore, O ye children, and attend to the words of my mouth. 
Let not thine heart decline to her ways, go not astray in her paths. 
For she hath cast down many wounded: yea, many strong 
209,d Eliab his eldest brother heard when he spake unto the men; and Eliab's anger was kindled against David, and he said, Why camest thou down hither? and with whom hast thou left those few sheep in the wildernes
201,saying, The LORD your God hath given you rest, and hath given you this land. 
Your wives, your little ones, and your cattle, shall remain in the land which Moses gave you on this side Jordan; but ye sh
161,rt shall rejoice, and your joy no man taketh from you. 
And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Fath
194, forth out of the land of Egypt in the sight of the heathen, that I might be their God: I am the LORD. 
These are the statutes and judgments and laws, which the LORD made between him and the chi
181, of a shekel for the service of the house of our God; 
For the shewbread, and for the continual meat offering, and for the continual burnt offering, of the sabbaths, of the new moon
201,n: and the people were without number that came with him out of Egypt; the Lubims, the Sukkiims, and the Ethiopians. 
And he took the fenced cities which pertained to Judah, and came to Jerusalem. 
The
209,ing was hid from them, neither knew they the things which were spoken. 
And it came to pass, that as he was come nigh unto Jericho, a certain blind man sat by the way side begging: 
And hearing the multitude p
206,hosoever hath, to him shall be given; and whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken even that which he seemeth to have. 
Then came to him his mother and his brethren, and could not come at him for the pre
230,hrough the knowledge of the Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein, and overcome, the latter end is worse with them than the beginning. 
For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteo
208,with his teeth; mine enemy sharpeneth his eyes upon me. 
They have gaped upon me with their mouth; they have smitten me upon the cheek reproachfully; they have gathered themselves together against me. 
God ha
194, spake Joshua, saying, 
Remember the word which Moses the servant of the LORD commanded you, saying, The LORD your God hath given you rest, and hath given you this land. 
Your wives, your little
187,as gods, knowing good and evil. 
And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise, she took of the f
186,srael say, The vision that he seeth is for many days to come, and he prophesieth of the times that are far off. 
Therefore say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; There shall none of my 
223,ars with gold. 
And he made a vail of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: with cherubims made he it of cunning work. 
And he made thereunto four pillars of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold: their 
236,to sew; a time to keep silence, and a time to speak; 
A time to love, and a time to hate; a time of war, and a time of peace. 
What profit hath he that worketh in that wherein he laboureth? 
I have seen the travail, which God hath given
234,y. 
And thou hast filled me with wrinkles, which is a witness against me: and my leanness rising up in me beareth witness to my face. 
He teareth me in his wrath, who hateth me: he gnasheth upon me with his teeth; mine enemy sharpenet
167,ven both of them. 
Love not sleep, lest thou come to poverty; open thine eyes, and thou shalt be satisfied with bread. 
It is naught, it is naught, saith the buyer: bu
169, I will cease. 
And he smote them hip and thigh with a great slaughter: and he went down and dwelt in the top of the rock Etam. 
Then the Philistines went up, and pitche
218,e in the midst of the land; thou shalt be no more remembered: for I the LORD have spoken it. 
Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Now, thou son of man, wilt thou judge, wilt thou judge the bloody city?
223,ll fall. 
My people, go ye out of the midst of her, and deliver ye every man his soul from the fierce anger of the LORD. 
And lest your heart faint, and ye fear for the rumour that shall be heard in the land; a rumour shall
186, I am the LORD. 
And he shall take a wife in her virginity. 
A widow, or a divorced woman, or profane, or an harlot, these shall he not take: but he shall take a virgin of his own people
209,hew forth themselves in him. 
For Herod had laid hold on John, and bound him, and put him in prison for Herodias' sake, his brother Philip's wife. 
For John said unto him, It is not lawful for thee to have her
201, unto David, Arise, and pass quickly over the water: for thus hath Ahithophel counselled against you. 
Then David arose, and all the people that were with him, and they passed over Jordan: by the morni
194,me, Son of man, hast thou seen this? Then he brought me, and caused me to return to the brink of the river. 
Now when I had returned, behold, at the bank of the river were very many trees on the
161,children of Israel. 
And all Israel, and their elders, and officers, and their judges, stood on this side the ark and on that side before the priests the Levites
175,also? 
For which cause both thou and all thy company are gathered together against the LORD: and what is Aaron, that ye murmur against him? 
And Moses sent to call Dathan and 
224, and Zebadiah, and Asahel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehonathan, and Adonijah, and Tobijah, and Tobadonijah, Levites; and with them Elishama and Jehoram, priests. 
And they taught in Judah, and had the book of the law of the LORD
183,said, And who is so faithful among all thy servants as David, which is the king's son in law, and goeth at thy bidding, and is honourable in thine house? 
Did I then begin to enquire 
240,y for a few days chastened us after their own pleasure; but he for our profit, that we might be partakers of his holiness. 
Now no chastening for the present seemeth to be joyous, but grievous: nevertheless afterward it yieldeth the peaceab
239, glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages, should serve him: his dominion is an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed. 
I Daniel was grieved in my spirit in 
219,the beauty of holiness. 
Fear before him, all the earth: the world also shall be stable, that it be not moved. 
Let the heavens be glad, and let the earth rejoice: and let men say among the nations, The LORD reigneth. 

232,: 
Unto whom the prince of the eunuchs gave names: for he gave unto Daniel the name of Belteshazzar; and to Hananiah, of Shadrach; and to Mishael, of Meshach; and to Azariah, of Abednego. 
But Daniel purposed in his heart that he wo
234, down. And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him. 
And he began to say unto them, This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears. 
And all bare him witness, and wondered at the gracious words which pr
186,names of the rest on the other stone, according to their birth. 
With the work of an engraver in stone, like the engravings of a signet, shalt thou engrave the two stones with the names 
235,: but the breast shall be Aaron's and his sons'. 
And the right shoulder shall ye give unto the priest for an heave offering of the sacrifices of your peace offerings. 
He among the sons of Aaron, that offereth the blood of the peace o
160,even stars; I know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead. 
Be watchful, and strengthen the things which remain, that are ready to die:
223,iveth meat to her household, and a portion to her maidens. 
She considereth a field, and buyeth it: with the fruit of her hands she planteth a vineyard. 
She girdeth her loins with strength, and strengtheneth her arms. 
She
190,in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints; 
And for me, that utterance may be given unto me, that I may open my mouth boldly, to make known 
174,engrave the graving thereof, saith the LORD of hosts, and I will remove the iniquity of that land in one day. 
In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, shall ye call every man h
229,r charge shall be under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest. 
As for the sons of Merari, thou shalt number them after their families, by the house of their fathers; 
From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty ye
192,their covering. 
The Lord GOD hath given me the tongue of the learned, that I should know how to speak a word in season to him that is weary: he wakeneth morning by morning, he wakeneth mine e
161,but after the death of the high priest the slayer shall return into the land of his possession. 
So these things shall be for a statute of judgment unto you thro
206,nd me, Satan: for thou savourest not the things that be of God, but the things that be of men. 
And when he had called the people unto him with his disciples also, he said unto them, Whosoever will come aft
185,akkatan, and with him an hundred and ten males. 
And of the last sons of Adonikam, whose names are these, Eliphelet, Jeiel, and Shemaiah, and with them threescore males. 
Of the sons al
189,and they asked him, saying, 
Master, Moses wrote unto us, If a man's brother die, and leave his wife behind him, and leave no children, that his brother should take his wife, and raise up s
233,is face, and cometh to the prophet; I the LORD will answer him that cometh according to the multitude of his idols; 
That I may take the house of Israel in their own heart, because they are all estranged from me through their idols. 
206,s branches: so that all the trees of Eden, that were in the garden of God, envied him. 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou hast lifted up thyself in height, and he hath shot up his top among th
201,d's son? 
And David himself saith in the book of Psalms, The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, 
Till I make thine enemies thy footstool. 
David therefore calleth him Lord, how is he th
240, is unclean. 
And if a leprosy break out abroad in the skin, and the leprosy cover all the skin of him that hath the plague from his head even to his foot, wheresoever the priest looketh; 
Then the priest shall consider: and, behold, if the
185,shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come. 
Either make the tree good, and 
186,, of the men of the people of Israel was this; 
The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two. 
The children of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two. 
The children
174,ouched me? 
And he looked round about to see her that had done this thing. 
But the woman fearing and trembling, knowing what was done in her, came and fell down before him, 
169,rine which ye have learned; and avoid them. 
For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ, but their own belly; and by good words and fair speeches deceive the
191,aying, and went away grieved: for he had great possessions. 
And Jesus looked round about, and saith unto his disciples, How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God! 
220, to Jesus, and said, Hail, master; and kissed him. 
And Jesus said unto him, Friend, wherefore art thou come? Then came they, and laid hands on Jesus and took him. 
And, behold, one of them which were with Jesus stretche
214, Arbah, which is Hebron, where Abraham and Isaac sojourned. 
And the days of Isaac were an hundred and fourscore years. 
And Isaac gave up the ghost, and died, and was gathered unto his people, being old and full o
199,e they, selfwilled, they are not afraid to speak evil of dignities. 
Whereas angels, which are greater in power and might, bring not railing accusation against them before the Lord. 
But these, as na
187,. 
So two or three cities wandered unto one city, to drink water; but they were not satisfied: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD. 
I have smitten you with blasting and mild
174,orces, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jezaniah the son of Hoshaiah, and all the people from the least even unto the greatest, came near, 
And said unto Jeremiah the proph
227,on for all saints; 
And for me, that utterance may be given unto me, that I may open my mouth boldly, to make known the mystery of the gospel, 
For which I am an ambassador in bonds: that therein I may speak boldly, as I ought 
170, did tell thee in Egypt, saying, Let us alone, that we may serve the Egyptians? For it had been better for us to serve the Egyptians, than that we should die in the wilde
162,light, and the stars shall fall from heaven, and the powers of the heavens shall be shaken: 
And then shall appear the sign of the Son of man in heaven: and then 
218, half of them toward the hinder sea: in summer and in winter shall it be. 
And the LORD shall be king over all the earth: in that day shall there be one LORD, and his name one. 
All the land shall be turned as a plain 
191,; and, behold, Joseph was not in the pit; and he rent his clothes. 
And he returned unto his brethren, and said, The child is not; and I, whither shall I go? 
And they took Joseph's coat, and
221, Israel all the days of Solomon, beside the mischief that Hadad did: and he abhorred Israel, and reigned over Syria. 
And Jeroboam the son of Nebat, an Ephrathite of Zereda, Solomon's servant, whose mother's name was Zeru
210, such are the dwellings of the wicked, and this is the place of him that knoweth not God. 
Then Job answered and said, 
How long will ye vex my soul, and break me in pieces with words? 
These ten times have ye 
193,he left nothing that is not put under him. But now we see not yet all things put under him. 
But we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death, crowned wi
174,put to shame, and perish: 
That men may know that thou, whose name alone is JEHOVAH, art the most high over all the earth. 
How amiable are thy tabernacles, O LORD of hosts! 
220,ada a mighty man of valour, and with him armed men with bow and shield two hundred thousand. 
And next him was Jehozabad, and with him an hundred and fourscore thousand ready prepared for the war. 
These waited on the ki
161, now worketh in the children of disobedience: 
Among whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lusts of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the
175,hast done unto me? why didst thou not tell me that she was thy wife? 
Why saidst thou, She is my sister? so I might have taken her to me to wife: now therefore behold thy wife
226, the old men's counsel that they gave him; 
And spake to them after the counsel of the young men, saying, My father made your yoke heavy, and I will add to your yoke: my father also chastised you with whips, but I will chastis
222,de trouble; and before the morning he is not. This is the portion of them that spoil us, and the lot of them that rob us. 
Woe to the land shadowing with wings, which is beyond the rivers of Ethiopia: 
That sendeth ambassa
236,wonders in Israel from the LORD of hosts, which dwelleth in mount Zion. 
And when they shall say unto you, Seek unto them that have familiar spirits, and unto wizards that peep, and that mutter: should not a people seek unto their God? 
240, not able to go to Tarshish. 
Now Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David. And Jehoram his son reigned in his stead. 
And he had brethren the sons of Jehoshaphat, Azariah, and Jehiel, and Zec
215,ing, so long as I see Mordecai the Jew sitting at the king's gate. 
Then said Zeresh his wife and all his friends unto him, Let a gallows be made of fifty cubits high, and to morrow speak thou unto the king that Mor
232,vile and refuse, that they destroyed utterly. 
Then came the word of the LORD unto Samuel, saying, 
It repenteth me that I have set up Saul to be king: for he is turned back from following me, and hath not performed my commandments.
177,fess that Jesus is the Son of God, God dwelleth in him, and he in God. 
And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love; and he that dwelleth in love dw
211,on her knees; and she called for a man, and she caused him to shave off the seven locks of his head; and she began to afflict him, and his strength went from him. 
And she said, The Philistines be upon thee, Sam
201,of from thence. 
And I will give them one heart, and I will put a new spirit within you; and I will take the stony heart out of their flesh, and will give them an heart of flesh: 
That they may walk in
231, of this land, even the kings that sit upon David's throne, and the priests, and the prophets, and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, with drunkenness. 
And I will dash them one against another, even the fathers and the sons togethe
197, the scall seven days: 
And in the seventh day the priest shall look on the plague: and, behold, if the scall spread not, and there be in it no yellow hair, and the scall be not in sight deeper tha
186,dah, Israel, and Jerusalem. 
And the LORD shewed me four carpenters. 
Then said I, What come these to do? And he spake, saying, These are the horns which have scattered Judah, so that no
161,. 
And he saith unto him, Out of thine own mouth will I judge thee, thou wicked servant. Thou knewest that I was an austere man, taking up that I laid not down, 
207, it, he said, I and my kingdom are guiltless before the LORD for ever from the blood of Abner the son of Ner: 
Let it rest on the head of Joab, and on all his father's house; and let there not fail from the 
236,sin offering. 
And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out his blood at the bottom of the altar of burnt offering. 
And he shal
184,e in the eyes of the children of Israel, therefore ye shall not bring this congregation into the land which I have given them. 
This is the water of Meribah; because the children of Is
228,e. 
He paweth in the valley, and rejoiceth in his strength: he goeth on to meet the armed men. 
He mocketh at fear, and is not affrighted; neither turneth he back from the sword. 
The quiver rattleth against him, the glittering 
185,and. 
This is the people whom Nebuchadrezzar carried away captive: in the seventh year three thousand Jews and three and twenty: 
In the eighteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar he carried awa
193,fter him. And the king left ten women, which were concubines, to keep the house. 
And the king went forth, and all the people after him, and tarried in a place that was far off. 
And all his se
236, therewith; lest these uncircumcised come and thrust me through, and abuse me. But his armourbearer would not; for he was sore afraid. Therefore Saul took a sword, and fell upon it. 
And when his armourbearer saw that Saul was dead, he 
226,at killeth him. 
And Eliab his eldest brother heard when he spake unto the men; and Eliab's anger was kindled against David, and he said, Why camest thou down hither? and with whom hast thou left those few sheep in the wildern
175,irstborn of Jerahmeel were, Maaz, and Jamin, and Eker. 
And the sons of Onam were, Shammai, and Jada. And the sons of Shammai; Nadab and Abishur. 
And the name of the wife of 
227,t that time day by day there came to David to help him, until it was a great host, like the host of God. 
And these are the numbers of the bands that were ready armed to the war, and came to David to Hebron, to turn the kingdom
177,ll the signs which he had commanded him. 
And Moses and Aaron went and gathered together all the elders of the children of Israel: 
And Aaron spake all the words which the LORD 
176,ent to Shiloh, and came to the house of Ahijah. But Ahijah could not see; for his eyes were set by reason of his age. 
And the LORD said unto Ahijah, Behold, the wife of Jerobo
230,
Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye be come into the land of your habitations, which I give unto you, 
And will make an offering by fire unto the LORD, a burnt offering, or a sacrifice in performing a vo
223,nd there is hope in thine end, saith the LORD, that thy children shall come again to their own border. 
I have surely heard Ephraim bemoaning himself thus; Thou hast chastised me, and I was chastised, as a bullock unaccusto
199,judgments, (which if a man do, he shall live in them;) and withdrew the shoulder, and hardened their neck, and would not hear. 
Yet many years didst thou forbear them, and testifiedst against them by
212,fifty and two days. 
And it came to pass, that when all our enemies heard thereof, and all the heathen that were about us saw these things, they were much cast down in their own eyes: for they perceived that this
177,me to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam. 
And it was so, when they came into the midst of the city, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah slew them, and cast them into the midst of the pit
194,and for hand, foot for foot. 
When thou goest out to battle against thine enemies, and seest horses, and chariots, and a people more than thou, be not afraid of them: for the LORD thy God is wit
203,the furnace exceeding hot, the flames of the fire slew those men that took up Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. 
And these three men, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, fell down bound into the midst of the
239,erceiving that he had faith to be healed, 
Said with a loud voice, Stand upright on thy feet. And he leaped and walked. 
And when the people saw what Paul had done, they lifted up their voices, saying in the speech of Lycaonia, The gods ar
180, multiplied exceedingly. 
And Jacob lived in the land of Egypt seventeen years: so the whole age of Jacob was an hundred forty and seven years. 
And the time drew nigh that Israel 
204, God. 
And Jesus rebuked him, saying, Hold thy peace, and come out of him. 
And when the unclean spirit had torn him, and cried with a loud voice, he came out of him. 
And they were all amazed, insomuch t
214, word against his own life. 
Now therefore, as the LORD liveth, which hath established me, and set me on the throne of David my father, and who hath made me an house, as he promised, Adonijah shall be put to death 
194,l, and go speak unto the house of Israel. 
So I opened my mouth, and he caused me to eat that roll. 
And he said unto me, Son of man, cause thy belly to eat, and fill thy bowels with this roll t
239, nor thy sons with thee, when ye go into the tabernacle of the congregation, lest ye die: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations: 
And that ye may put difference between holy and unholy, and between unclean and clean; 

214,f Azareel, the son of Ahasai, the son of Meshillemoth, the son of Immer, 
And their brethren, mighty men of valour, an hundred twenty and eight: and their overseer was Zabdiel, the son of one of the great men. 
Als
224,nstruments of David the man of God, and Ezra the scribe before them. 
And at the fountain gate, which was over against them, they went up by the stairs of the city of David, at the going up of the wall, above the house of Da
214,Ai. 
And all the people, even the people of war that were with him, went up, and drew nigh, and came before the city, and pitched on the north side of Ai: now there was a valley between them and Ai. 
And he took ab
218, the LORD. 
As for me, this is my covenant with them, saith the LORD; My spirit that is upon thee, and my words which I have put in thy mouth, shall not depart out of thy mouth, nor out of the mouth of thy seed, nor ou
163,ucify him. 
And he said unto them the third time, Why, what evil hath he done? I have found no cause of death in him: I will therefore chastise him, and let him go
195,the lamps, he shall burn incense upon it. 
And when Aaron lighteth the lamps at even, he shall burn incense upon it, a perpetual incense before the LORD throughout your generations. 
Ye shall off
229,y terrible acts: and I will declare thy greatness. 
They shall abundantly utter the memory of thy great goodness, and shall sing of thy righteousness. 
The LORD is gracious, and full of compassion; slow to anger, and of great mer
197,is fallen, is fallen; and all the graven images of her gods he hath broken unto the ground. 
O my threshing, and the corn of my floor: that which I have heard of the LORD of hosts, the God of Israe
189,stified against thee, saying, I have slain the LORD's anointed. 
And David lamented with this lamentation over Saul and over Jonathan his son: 
(Also he bade them teach the children of Juda
220,g, When will the new moon be gone, that we may sell corn? and the sabbath, that we may set forth wheat, making the ephah small, and the shekel great, and falsifying the balances by deceit? 
That we may buy the poor for s
179, twenty years have I been with thee; thy ewes and thy she goats have not cast their young, and the rams of thy flock have I not eaten. 
That which was torn of beasts I brought not
234,, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The twelfth to Hashabiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The thirteenth to Shubael, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The fourteenth to Mattithiah, he, his sons, a
208,ccupation, and said, Sirs, ye know that by this craft we have our wealth. 
Moreover ye see and hear, that not alone at Ephesus, but almost throughout all Asia, this Paul hath persuaded and turned away much pe
187, that, he pursued after David in the wilderness of Maon. 
And Saul went on this side of the mountain, and David and his men on that side of the mountain: and David made haste to get away 
227,with the fire, and all the idols thereof will I lay desolate: for she gathered it of the hire of an harlot, and they shall return to the hire of an harlot. 
Therefore I will wail and howl, I will go stripped and naked: I will m
198, God granted him that which he requested. 
And Chelub the brother of Shuah begat Mehir, which was the father of Eshton. 
And Eshton begat Bethrapha, and Paseah, and Tehinnah the father of Irnahash. 
216,rrection of the dead, then is Christ not risen: 
And if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain, and your faith is also vain. 
Yea, and we are found false witnesses of God; because we have testified of God th
221,built them for it within, even for the oracle, even for the most holy place. 
And the house, that is, the temple before it, was forty cubits long. 
And the cedar of the house within was carved with knops and open flowers:
186,hich I brought up from the land of Egypt, saying, 
You only have I known of all the families of the earth: therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities. 
Can two walk together, ex
161, the service of the tabernacle of the congregation: 
And from the age of fifty years they shall cease waiting upon the service thereof, and shall serve no more: 
181,ad gone from Jerusalem to Gath, and was come again. 
And the king sent and called for Shimei, and said unto him, Did I not make thee to swear by the LORD, and protested unto thee, s
180, unto the wives which he had Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael Abraham's son, the sister of Nebajoth, to be his wife. 
And Jacob went out from Beersheba, and went toward Haran. 
And
184,let the beasts get away from under it, and the fowls from his branches: 
Nevertheless leave the stump of his roots in the earth, even with a band of iron and brass, in the tender grass
223,id to me, and what he did to the two captains of the hosts of Israel, unto Abner the son of Ner, and unto Amasa the son of Jether, whom he slew, and shed the blood of war in peace, and put the blood of war upon his girdle t
169,e LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Ye have seen all the evil that I have brought upon Jerusalem, and upon all the cities of Judah; and, behold, this day they are a deso
207,to, ye and your households, wherein the LORD thy God hath blessed thee. 
Ye shall not do after all the things that we do here this day, every man whatsoever is right in his own eyes. 
For ye are not as yet c
219,gs, that Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of the LORD, died, being an hundred and ten years old. 
And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in Timnathserah, which is in mount Ephraim, on the north side of t
187,went to Achish the king of Gath. 
And the servants of Achish said unto him, Is not this David the king of the land? did they not sing one to another of him in dances, saying, Saul hath sl
198, myself, saith the LORD, that this house shall become a desolation. 
For thus saith the LORD unto the king's house of Judah; Thou art Gilead unto me, and the head of Lebanon: yet surely I will make 
203, hath oppressed and hath forsaken the poor; because he hath violently taken away an house which he builded not; 
Surely he shall not feel quietness in his belly, he shall not save of that which he desire
175,upon him: and there was none that could deliver the ram out of his hand. 
Therefore the he goat waxed very great: and when he was strong, the great horn was broken; and for it
240,David was come to Mahanaim, that Shobi the son of Nahash of Rabbah of the children of Ammon, and Machir the son of Ammiel of Lodebar, and Barzillai the Gileadite of Rogelim, 
Brought beds, and basons, and earthen vessels, and wheat, and bar
231,ed back, they shall be greatly ashamed, that trust in graven images, that say to the molten images, Ye are our gods. 
Hear, ye deaf; and look, ye blind, that ye may see. 
Who is blind, but my servant? or deaf, as my messenger that 
212,it with the besom of destruction, saith the LORD of hosts. 
The LORD of hosts hath sworn, saying, Surely as I have thought, so shall it come to pass; and as I have purposed, so shall it stand: 
That I will break 
209,hall it be known what is spoken? for ye shall speak into the air. 
There are, it may be, so many kinds of voices in the world, and none of them is without signification. 
Therefore if I know not the meaning of
222, brought to pass, saith the Lord GOD. 
Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus saith the LORD; Say, A sword, a sword is sharpened, and also furbished: 
It is sharpened to make 
202,me Solomon: and the LORD loved him. 
And he sent by the hand of Nathan the prophet; and he called his name Jedidiah, because of the LORD. 
And Joab fought against Rabbah of the children of Ammon, and to
174,u hast a devil: who goeth about to kill thee? 
Jesus answered and said unto them, I have done one work, and ye all marvel. 
Moses therefore gave unto you circumcision; (not b
171,th into their privy chambers. 
I have set the point of the sword against all their gates, that their heart may faint, and their ruins be multiplied: ah! it is made bright,
231,ting of Solomon his son. 
And stand in the holy place according to the divisions of the families of the fathers of your brethren the people, and after the division of the families of the Levites. 
So kill the passover, and sanctify
200,ll living. 
Unto Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of skins, and clothed them. 
And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil: and now, lest 
240,speak with thee. 
But he answered and said unto him that told him, Who is my mother? and who are my brethren? 
And he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren! 
For whosoever shall do the wil
173,stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God. 
Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight: for by the law is the knowledge o
220, my testimony that I shall teach them, their children shall also sit upon thy throne for evermore. 
For the LORD hath chosen Zion; he hath desired it for his habitation. 
This is my rest for ever: here will I dwell; for 
160,l, like as did the house of Ahab: for he had the daughter of Ahab to wife: and he wrought that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD. 
Howbeit the LORD would n
171,though they be a rebellious house. 
Moreover he said unto me, Son of man, all my words that I shall speak unto thee receive in thine heart, and hear with thine ears. 
And 
215,
And being warned of God in a dream that they should not return to Herod, they departed into their own country another way. 
And when they were departed, behold, the angel of the Lord appeareth to Joseph in a dream,
197,lf, and wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and shall be clean at even. 
But the man that shall be unclean, and shall not purify himself, that soul shall be cut off from among the congreg
166,es, even denying the Lord that bought them, and bring upon themselves swift destruction. 
And many shall follow their pernicious ways; by reason of whom the way of tr
238,tody of Shaashgaz, the king's chamberlain, which kept the concubines: she came in unto the king no more, except the king delighted in her, and that she were called by name. 
Now when the turn of Esther, the daughter of Abihail the uncle o
174,een the chastisement of the LORD your God, his greatness, his mighty hand, and his stretched out arm, 
And his miracles, and his acts, which he did in the midst of Egypt unto
205,ather and to heap up, that he may give to him that is good before God. This also is vanity and vexation of spirit. 
To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven: 
A time t
172,his land; 
The great temptations which thine eyes have seen, the signs, and those great miracles: 
Yet the LORD hath not given you an heart to perceive, and eyes to see, an
217,ey were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.) 
Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost. 
And when Simon saw that through laying on of the apostles' hands the Holy Ghost was given, he of
232,f Jerusalem, which is in Sepharad, shall possess the cities of the south. 
And saviours shall come up on mount Zion to judge the mount of Esau; and the kingdom shall be the LORD's. 
Now the word of the LORD came unto Jonah the son o
170,nd will have mercy upon his afflicted. 
But Zion said, The LORD hath forsaken me, and my Lord hath forgotten me. 
Can a woman forget her sucking child, that she should no
180,d espy; ask him that fleeth, and her that escapeth, and say, What is done? 
Moab is confounded; for it is broken down: howl and cry; tell ye it in Arnon, that Moab is spoiled, 
And
160, bag of deceitful weights? 
For the rich men thereof are full of violence, and the inhabitants thereof have spoken lies, and their tongue is deceitful in their 
196,h him Peter, and James, and John, and leadeth them up into an high mountain apart by themselves: and he was transfigured before them. 
And his raiment became shining, exceeding white as snow; so a
195, the excellent, in whom is all my delight. 
Their sorrows shall be multiplied that hasten after another god: their drink offerings of blood will I not offer, nor take up their names into my lips.
194, went down to the potter's house, and, behold, he wrought a work on the wheels. 
And the vessel that he made of clay was marred in the hand of the potter: so he made it again another vessel, as 
162,people Israel; and I will not let them pollute my holy name any more: and the heathen shall know that I am the LORD, the Holy One in Israel. 
Behold, it is come, 
233,remain in the wilderness. Selah. 
I would hasten my escape from the windy storm and tempest. 
Destroy, O Lord, and divide their tongues: for I have seen violence and strife in the city. 
Day and night they go about it upon the walls 
230,ousand at thy right hand; but it shall not come nigh thee. 
Only with thine eyes shalt thou behold and see the reward of the wicked. 
Because thou hast made the LORD, which is my refuge, even the most High, thy habitation; 
There 
160,a navy of ships in Eziongeber, which is beside Eloth, on the shore of the Red sea, in the land of Edom. 
And Hiram sent in the navy his servants, shipmen that h
164,on saw that the Syrians were fled, they likewise fled before Abishai his brother, and entered into the city. Then Joab came to Jerusalem. 
And when the Syrians saw 
237,he porch; and the cock crew. 
And a maid saw him again, and began to say to them that stood by, This is one of them. 
And he denied it again. And a little after, they that stood by said again to Peter, Surely thou art one of them: for th
230,to wash in. 
And he made ten candlesticks of gold according to their form, and set them in the temple, five on the right hand, and five on the left. 
He made also ten tables, and placed them in the temple, five on the right side, 
220,tite, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusite. 
Take heed to thyself, lest thou make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land whither thou goest, lest it be for a snare in the midst of thee: 
But ye shall 
224,n ways. 
Nevertheless he left not himself without witness, in that he did good, and gave us rain from heaven, and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness. 
And with these sayings scarce restrained they th
205,e a prophet, or spiritual, let him acknowledge that the things that I write unto you are the commandments of the Lord. 
But if any man be ignorant, let him be ignorant. 
Wherefore, brethren, covet to proph
194,d. 
And by great waters the seed of Sihor, the harvest of the river, is her revenue; and she is a mart of nations. 
Be thou ashamed, O Zidon: for the sea hath spoken, even the strength of the se
164,of Hinnom, and which is in the valley of the giants on the north, and descended to the valley of Hinnom, to the side of Jebusi on the south, and descended to Enroge
209,ty God of Jacob; 
Surely I will not come into the tabernacle of my house, nor go up into my bed; 
I will not give sleep to mine eyes, or slumber to mine eyelids, 
Until I find out a place for the LORD, an habi
190, of Shamer; Ahi, and Rohgah, Jehubbah, and Aram. 
And the sons of his brother Helem; Zophah, and Imna, and Shelesh, and Amal. 
The sons of Zophah; Suah, and Harnepher, and Shual, and Beri, a
188,eak not thy covenant with us. 
Are there any among the vanities of the Gentiles that can cause rain? or can the heavens give showers? art not thou he, O LORD our God? therefore we will wai
161,he fire. 
And if the priest shall look, and, behold, the plague be not spread in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in any thing of skin; 
Then 
183,Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Judah, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have despised the law of the LORD, and have not kept hi
165, built and prepared: 
For there is a fire gone out of Heshbon, a flame from the city of Sihon: it hath consumed ar of Moab, and the lords of the high places of Arnon
183, Satan answered the LORD, and said, Skin for skin, yea, all that a man hath will he give for his life. 
But put forth thine hand now, and touch his bone and his flesh, and he will cur
190, mine own countrymen, in perils by the heathen, in perils in the city, in perils in the wilderness, in perils in the sea, in perils among false brethren; 
In weariness and painfulness, in wa
195,out of my land which I have given them; and this house, which I have sanctified for my name, will I cast out of my sight, and will make it to be a proverb and a byword among all nations. 
And thi
188,cud, among the beasts, that shall ye eat. 
Nevertheless these shall ye not eat of them that chew the cud, or of them that divide the hoof: as the camel, because he cheweth the cud, but div
212,l, and new wine the maids. 
Ask ye of the LORD rain in the time of the latter rain; so the LORD shall make bright clouds, and give them showers of rain, to every one grass in the field. 
For the idols have spoken
182,nt out to war by bands, according to the number of their account by the hand of Jeiel the scribe and Maaseiah the ruler, under the hand of Hananiah, one of the king's captains. 
The 
234,he LORD. 
And Abram journeyed, going on still toward the south. 
And there was a famine in the land: and Abram went down into Egypt to sojourn there; for the famine was grievous in the land. 
And it came to pass, when he was come near
221,Assos, there intending to take in Paul: for so had he appointed, minding himself to go afoot. 
And when he met with us at Assos, we took him in, and came to Mitylene. 
And we sailed thence, and came the next day over agai
227,defiled; and ye shall lothe yourselves in your own sight for all your evils that ye have committed. 
And ye shall know that I am the LORD when I have wrought with you for my name's sake, not according to your wicked ways, nor a
238,ey shall comfort you, when ye see their ways and their doings: and ye shall know that I have not done without cause all that I have done in it, saith the Lord GOD. 
And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, what is the v
217,eousness. 
Put not forth thyself in the presence of the king, and stand not in the place of great men: 
For better it is that it be said unto thee, Come up hither; than that thou shouldest be put lower in the presence
230,r together the dispersed of Judah from the four corners of the earth. 
The envy also of Ephraim shall depart, and the adversaries of Judah shall be cut off: Ephraim shall not envy Judah, and Judah shall not vex Ephraim. 
But they 
186,, reaching to the wall of the house: and the other wing was likewise five cubits, reaching to the wing of the other cherub. 
And one wing of the other cherub was five cubits, reaching to
210,d, and kept silence at my counsel. 
After my words they spake not again; and my speech dropped upon them. 
And they waited for me as for the rain; and they opened their mouth wide as for the latter rain. 
If I 
175,his shall be a sign unto you, saith the LORD, that I will punish you in this place, that ye may know that my words shall surely stand against you for evil: 
Thus saith the LOR
238,aws, which the LORD made between him and the children of Israel in mount Sinai by the hand of Moses. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When a man shall make a singular vow, the 
172, Son. 
If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it. 
If ye love me, keep my commandments. 
And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that 
177,ter me, and that thou wilt not destroy my name out of my father's house. 
And David sware unto Saul. And Saul went home; but David and his men gat them up unto the hold. 
And Sa
230,fort, rise; he calleth thee. 
And he, casting away his garment, rose, and came to Jesus. 
And Jesus answered and said unto him, What wilt thou that I should do unto thee? The blind man said unto him, Lord, that I might receive my 
183,untain, Jesus charged them, saying, Tell the vision to no man, until the Son of man be risen again from the dead. 
And his disciples asked him, saying, Why then say the scribes that E
212,scourge shall pass through, then ye shall be trodden down by it. 
From the time that it goeth forth it shall take you: for morning by morning shall it pass over, by day and by night: and it shall be a vexation on
204,ecord is true. 
I had many things to write, but I will not with ink and pen write unto thee: 
But I trust I shall shortly see thee, and we shall speak face to face. Peace be to thee. Our friends salute th
191,nen, and I covered thee with silk. 
I decked thee also with ornaments, and I put bracelets upon thy hands, and a chain on thy neck. 
And I put a jewel on thy forehead, and earrings in thine e
168,st thanks well, but the other is not edified. 
I thank my God, I speak with tongues more than ye all: 
Yet in the church I had rather speak five words with my understan
201,hich bare him Abijah, and Attai, and Ziza, and Shelomith. 
And Rehoboam loved Maachah the daughter of Absalom above all his wives and his concubines: (for he took eighteen wives, and threescore concubi
228,at I say. 
The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not the communion of the blood of Christ? The bread which we break, is it not the communion of the body of Christ? 
For we being many are one bread, and one body: for we are a
208,the new court, 
And said, O LORD God of our fathers, art not thou God in heaven? and rulest not thou over all the kingdoms of the heathen? and in thine hand is there not power and might, so that none is able 
213,ere spoken. 
And it came to pass, that as he was come nigh unto Jericho, a certain blind man sat by the way side begging: 
And hearing the multitude pass by, he asked what it meant. 
And they told him, that Jesus 
224, whole congregation. 
Whoso diggeth a pit shall fall therein: and he that rolleth a stone, it will return upon him. 
A lying tongue hateth those that are afflicted by it; and a flattering mouth worketh ruin. 
Boast not thyse
234,so rejected thee from being king. 
And Saul said unto Samuel, I have sinned: for I have transgressed the commandment of the LORD, and thy words: because I feared the people, and obeyed their voice. 
Now therefore, I pray thee, pardon 
205, in thine idols which thou hast made; and thou hast caused thy days to draw near, and art come even unto thy years: therefore have I made thee a reproach unto the heathen, and a mocking to all countries. 

213, Jacob's heart fainted, for he believed them not. 
And they told him all the words of Joseph, which he had said unto them: and when he saw the wagons which Joseph had sent to carry him, the spirit of Jacob their f
194,om me, all ye workers of iniquity. 
There shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth, when ye shall see Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, and all the prophets, in the kingdom of God, and you yourselves
217,grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen. 
God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets, 
Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom h
210,ed in the fryingpan, and in the pan, shall be the priest's that offereth it. 
And every meat offering, mingled with oil, and dry, shall all the sons of Aaron have, one as much as another. 
And this is the law o
176,m doing any evil. 
Neither let the son of the stranger, that hath joined himself to the LORD, speak, saying, The LORD hath utterly separated me from his people: neither let the
221, thereof, and the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, were according to these measures: and there were windows therein and in the arches thereof round about: it was fifty cubits long, and five and twenty cubits broad. 
178,l and concerning Judah. 
For thus saith the LORD; We have heard a voice of trembling, of fear, and not of peace. 
Ask ye now, and see whether a man doth travail with child? where
195,ibes came upon him with the elders, 
And spake unto him, saying, Tell us, by what authority doest thou these things? or who is he that gave thee this authority? 
And he answered and said unto the
221,kingdom of men, and that he appointeth over it whomsoever he will. 
And thou his son, O Belshazzar, hast not humbled thine heart, though thou knewest all this; 
But hast lifted up thyself against the Lord of heaven; and t
207,is a fool: but whoso walketh wisely, he shall be delivered. 
He that giveth unto the poor shall not lack: but he that hideth his eyes shall have many a curse. 
When the wicked rise, men hide themselves: but 
204,are despised, hath God chosen, yea, and things which are not, to bring to nought things that are: 
That no flesh should glory in his presence. 
But of him are ye in Christ Jesus, who of God is made unto u
217,ook him, and brought him unto Areopagus, saying, May we know what this new doctrine, whereof thou speakest, is? 
For thou bringest certain strange things to our ears: we would know therefore what these things mean. 
(
199,r, to burn offering made by fire unto the LORD: 
So they shall wash their hands and their feet, that they die not: and it shall be a statute for ever to them, even to him and to his seed throughout t
166,like as when she was brought up with him. 
In those days, while Mordecai sat in the king's gate, two of the king's chamberlains, Bigthan and Teresh, of those which ke
232,ther laid, and sick of a fever. 
And he touched her hand, and the fever left her: and she arose, and ministered unto them. 
When the even was come, they brought unto him many that were possessed with devils: and he cast out the spir
199,se, when thou hast taught me thy statutes. 
My tongue shall speak of thy word: for all thy commandments are righteousness. 
Let thine hand help me; for I have chosen thy precepts. 
I have longed for 
220,r sons cast them out? therefore shall they be your judges. 
But if I with the finger of God cast out devils, no doubt the kingdom of God is come upon you. 
When a strong man armed keepeth his palace, his goods are in pea
226,broken. 
The heart of him that hath understanding seeketh knowledge: but the mouth of fools feedeth on foolishness. 
All the days of the afflicted are evil: but he that is of a merry heart hath a continual feast. 
Better is li
223,with the cunning men of my lord David thy father. 
Now therefore the wheat, and the barley, the oil, and the wine, which my lord hath spoken of, let him send unto his servants: 
And we will cut wood out of Lebanon, as much 
163,ing no more place in these parts, and having a great desire these many years to come unto you; 
Whensoever I take my journey into Spain, I will come to you: for I 
168,istines, which are ashamed of thy lewd way. 
Thou hast played the whore also with the Assyrians, because thou wast unsatiable; yea, thou hast played the harlot with the
169,ch hath an evil eye, and considereth not that poverty shall come upon him. 
He that rebuketh a man afterwards shall find more favour than he that flattereth with the ton
186,id, O LORD God of Israel, there is no God like thee in the heaven, nor in the earth; which keepest covenant, and shewest mercy unto thy servants, that walk before thee with all their hea
163,took it out of Elishama the scribe's chamber. And Jehudi read it in the ears of the king, and in the ears of all the princes which stood beside the king. 
Now the 
216, God shall be fulfilled. 
And the woman which thou sawest is that great city, which reigneth over the kings of the earth. 
And after these things I saw another angel come down from heaven, having great power; and the
182, 
They give drink to every beast of the field: the wild asses quench their thirst. 
By them shall the fowls of the heaven have their habitation, which sing among the branches. 
He wa
175,kept back part of the price, his wife also being privy to it, and brought a certain part, and laid it at the apostles' feet. 
But Peter said, Ananias, why hath Satan filled th
228,r an ordinance to thee and to thy sons for ever. 
And it shall come to pass, when ye be come to the land which the LORD will give you, according as he hath promised, that ye shall keep this service. 
And it shall come to pass, w
231,, What seest thou? And I said, I see a seething pot; and the face thereof is toward the north. 
Then the LORD said unto me, Out of the north an evil shall break forth upon all the inhabitants of the land. 
For, lo, I will call all 
181,cary: it shall be an holy anointing oil. 
And thou shalt anoint the tabernacle of the congregation therewith, and the ark of the testimony, 
And the table and all his vessels, and t
221, it is evening, ye say, It will be fair weather: for the sky is red. 
And in the morning, It will be foul weather to day: for the sky is red and lowering. O ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky; but can ye no
218,. 
LORD, in trouble have they visited thee, they poured out a prayer when thy chastening was upon them. 
Like as a woman with child, that draweth near the time of her delivery, is in pain, and crieth out in her pangs; 
179,se. 
Let your heart therefore be perfect with the LORD our God, to walk in his statutes, and to keep his commandments, as at this day. 
And the king, and all Israel with him, offe
204, shall not tempt the LORD your God, as ye tempted him in Massah. 
Ye shall diligently keep the commandments of the LORD your God, and his testimonies, and his statutes, which he hath commanded thee. 
And 
189, of the earth. 
His name shall endure for ever: his name shall be continued as long as the sun: and men shall be blessed in him: all nations shall call him blessed. 
Blessed be the LORD God
176,l by another cherub: and the appearance of the wheels was as the colour of a beryl stone. 
And as for their appearances, they four had one likeness, as if a wheel had been in t
