1000
217, and him that is shut up and left in Israel, and will take away the remnant of the house of Jeroboam, as a man taketh away dung, till it be all gone. 
Him that dieth of Jeroboam in the city shall the dogs eat; and him
192,housands of his saints, 
To execute judgment upon all, and to convince all that are ungodly among them of all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly committed, and of all their hard speec
168,mcision. These only are my fellowworkers unto the kingdom of God, which have been a comfort unto me. 
Epaphras, who is one of you, a servant of Christ, saluteth you, al
171,d others: 
Two men went up into the temple to pray; the one a Pharisee, and the other a publican. 
The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with himself, God, I thank thee, that
230,an offering unto the LORD out of all nations upon horses, and in chariots, and in litters, and upon mules, and upon swift beasts, to my holy mountain Jerusalem, saith the LORD, as the children of Israel bring an offering in a clea
239,m he destroyed. 
And the LORD shall give them up before your face, that ye may do unto them according unto all the commandments which I have commanded you. 
Be strong and of a good courage, fear not, nor be afraid of them: for the LORD thy
160,u; 
As also in all his epistles, speaking in them of these things; in which are some things hard to be understood, which they that are unlearned and unstable wr
236,r wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption. 
Thou hast made known to me the ways of life; thou shalt make me full of joy with thy countenance. 
Men and brethren, let me freely speak unto you of the patriarch David, that he is b
204,s of God. 
And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven. 
And when they bring you unto t
238, and there was taken up of fragments that remained to them twelve baskets. 
And it came to pass, as he was alone praying, his disciples were with him: and he asked them, saying, Whom say the people that I am? 
They answering said, John th
231,ire not the night, when people are cut off in their place. 
Take heed, regard not iniquity: for this hast thou chosen rather than affliction. 
Behold, God exalteth by his power: who teacheth like him? 
Who hath enjoined him his way
180, thee; lest I make thee desolate, a land not inhabited. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts, They shall throughly glean the remnant of Israel as a vine: turn back thine hand as a grapega
207,ad into all that land. 
And when Jesus departed thence, two blind men followed him, crying, and saying, Thou son of David, have mercy on us. 
And when he was come into the house, the blind men came to him: a
239,ven my God, will be with thee; he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee, until thou hast finished all the work for the service of the house of the LORD. 
And, behold, the courses of the priests and the Levites, even they shall be with thee 
174,ericho: and when they had taken him, they brought him up to Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon to Riblah in the land of Hamath, where he gave judgment upon him. 
Then the king of
186,ill go to the battle; but put thou on thy robes. So the king of Israel disguised himself; and they went to the battle. 
Now the king of Syria had commanded the captains of the chariots t
228,y life. 
So they girded sackcloth on their loins, and put ropes on their heads, and came to the king of Israel, and said, Thy servant Benhadad saith, I pray thee, let me live. And he said, Is he yet alive? he is my brother. 
Now
234,e people of the land, did not the LORD remember them, and came it not into his mind? 
So that the LORD could no longer bear, because of the evil of your doings, and because of the abominations which ye have committed; therefore is you
175,bits, and the breadth thereof ten cubits. 
Then said he unto me, This is the curse that goeth forth over the face of the whole earth: for every one that stealeth shall be cut 
189,presumptuously, whether he be born in the land, or a stranger, the same reproacheth the LORD; and that soul shall be cut off from among his people. 
Because he hath despised the word of the
205, we were with you, this we commanded you, that if any would not work, neither should he eat. 
For we hear that there are some which walk among you disorderly, working not at all, but are busybodies. 
Now t
237,es, and the Girgashites, to give it, I say, to his seed, and hast performed thy words; for thou art righteous: 
And didst see the affliction of our fathers in Egypt, and heardest their cry by the Red sea; 
And shewedst signs and wonders 
206,n the way of understanding. 
He that reproveth a scorner getteth to himself shame: and he that rebuketh a wicked man getteth himself a blot. 
Reprove not a scorner, lest he hate thee: rebuke a wise man, and
234, I have five brethren; that he may testify unto them, lest they also come into this place of torment. 
Abraham saith unto him, They have Moses and the prophets; let them hear them. 
And he said, Nay, father Abraham: but if one went un
214,d men to bear burdens, and fourscore thousand to hew in the mountain, and three thousand and six hundred to oversee them. 
And Solomon sent to Huram the king of Tyre, saying, As thou didst deal with David my father
200,be any among the kings like unto thee all thy days. 
And if thou wilt walk in my ways, to keep my statutes and my commandments, as thy father David did walk, then I will lengthen thy days. 
And Solomo
204,The righteous shall inherit the land, and dwell therein for ever. 
The mouth of the righteous speaketh wisdom, and his tongue talketh of judgment. 
The law of his God is in his heart; none of his steps sh
200,our ground; neither shall your vine cast her fruit before the time in the field, saith the LORD of hosts. 
And all nations shall call you blessed: for ye shall be a delightsome land, saith the LORD of
237,, Blessed be he of the LORD, who hath not left off his kindness to the living and to the dead. And Naomi said unto her, The man is near of kin unto us, one of our next kinsmen. 
And Ruth the Moabitess said, He said unto me also, Thou sha
188,h me by sacrifice. 
And the heavens shall declare his righteousness: for God is judge himself. Selah. 
Hear, O my people, and I will speak; O Israel, and I will testify against thee: I am 
225, service of the children of Israel in the tabernacle of the congregation, and to make an atonement for the children of Israel: that there be no plague among the children of Israel, when the children of Israel come nigh unto t
177, forth upon you, when ye shall enter into Egypt: and ye shall be an execration, and an astonishment, and a curse, and a reproach; and ye shall see this place no more. 
The LORD 
207,nd descending on it. 
And, behold, the LORD stood above it, and said, I am the LORD God of Abraham thy father, and the God of Isaac: the land whereon thou liest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed; 
And
224,he letter, but of the spirit: for the letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life. 
But if the ministration of death, written and engraven in stones, was glorious, so that the children of Israel could not stedfastly behold th
190, also, and he praiseth her. 
Many daughters have done virtuously, but thou excellest them all. 
Favour is deceitful, and beauty is vain: but a woman that feareth the LORD, she shall be prais
178,ee in the way of wisdom; I have led thee in right paths. 
When thou goest, thy steps shall not be straitened; and when thou runnest, thou shalt not stumble. 
Take fast hold of in
232, an holy people unto himself, as he hath sworn unto thee, if thou shalt keep the commandments of the LORD thy God, and walk in his ways. 
And all people of the earth shall see that thou art called by the name of the LORD; and they s
217,after the sabbath: and some of my servants set I at the gates, that there should no burden be brought in on the sabbath day. 
So the merchants and sellers of all kind of ware lodged without Jerusalem once or twice. 
T
198,is place, and shall not be quenched. 
And as for the king of Judah, who sent you to enquire of the LORD, so shall ye say unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel concerning the words which thou h
222,em in pieces like a potter's vessel. 
Be wise now therefore, O ye kings: be instructed, ye judges of the earth. 
Serve the LORD with fear, and rejoice with trembling. 
Kiss the Son, lest he be angry, and ye perish from the
233, for son, or for daughter, for brother, or for sister that hath had no husband, they may defile themselves. 
And after he is cleansed, they shall reckon unto him seven days. 
And in the day that he goeth into the sanctuary, unto the 
231,him; for he never prophesied good unto me, but always evil: the same is Micaiah the son of Imla. And Jehoshaphat said, Let not the king say so. 
And the king of Israel called for one of his officers, and said, Fetch quickly Micaiah
176,he priest shall bring it all, and burn it upon the altar: it is a burnt sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD. 
And if the burnt sacrifice for hi
224,the pursuers be returned: and afterward may ye go your way. 
And the men said unto her, We will be blameless of this thine oath which thou hast made us swear. 
Behold, when we come into the land, thou shalt bind this line of
165,about four hundred men. 
And David went thence to Mizpeh of Moab: and he said unto the king of Moab, Let my father and my mother, I pray thee, come forth, and be wit
199, together in the vale of Siddim, which is the salt sea. 
Twelve years they served Chedorlaomer, and in the thirteenth year they rebelled. 
And in the fourteenth year came Chedorlaomer, and the kings 
160,rve thee. 
And he said unto them, Depart yet for three days, then come again to me. And the people departed. 
And king Rehoboam consulted with the old men, that
233,ple, and upon all thy servants. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Stretch forth thine hand with thy rod over the streams, over the rivers, and over the ponds, and cause frogs to come up upon the land of Egypt. 
And Aaro
161,r his kind, 
And the ferret, and the chameleon, and the lizard, and the snail, and the mole. 
These are unclean to you among all that creep: whosoever doth touch
220,
That, according as it is written, He that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord. 
And I, brethren, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech or of wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony of God. 
For I deter
180,and shall not be able. 
When once the master of the house is risen up, and hath shut to the door, and ye begin to stand without, and to knock at the door, saying, Lord, Lord, open 
202,eace is joy. 
There shall no evil happen to the just: but the wicked shall be filled with mischief. 
Lying lips are abomination to the LORD: but they that deal truly are his delight. 
A prudent man conc
205,city shall be in the midst: this shall be to them the suburbs of the cities. 
And among the cities which ye shall give unto the Levites there shall be six cities for refuge, which ye shall appoint for the 
240,eth at home, who enlargeth his desire as hell, and is as death, and cannot be satisfied, but gathereth unto him all nations, and heapeth unto him all people: 
Shall not all these take up a parable against him, and a taunting proverb against
164, into the wilderness: and I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet coloured beast, full of names of blasphemy, having seven heads and ten horns. 
And the woman was arrayed 
190,who store up violence and robbery in their palaces. 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; An adversary there shall be even round about the land; and he shall bring down thy strength from thee,
178,nd with the king at Jerusalem. 
And the king made silver and gold at Jerusalem as plenteous as stones, and cedar trees made he as the sycomore trees that are in the vale for abun
209, because of all the daughters of my city. 
Mine enemies chased me sore, like a bird, without cause. 
They have cut off my life in the dungeon, and cast a stone upon me. 
Waters flowed over mine head; then I sa
227,father. 
And when Joseph's brethren saw that their father was dead, they said, Joseph will peradventure hate us, and will certainly requite us all the evil which we did unto him. 
And they sent a messenger unto Joseph, saying, 
223,e upon thine altar. 
Bless, LORD, his substance, and accept the work of his hands; smite through the loins of them that rise against him, and of them that hate him, that they rise not again. 
And of Benjamin he said, The be
235,ree rows of hewed stone, and a row of cedar beams. 
In the fourth year was the foundation of the house of the LORD laid, in the month Zif: 
And in the eleventh year, in the month Bul, which is the eighth month, was the house finished t
188,ord is nigh thee, even in thy mouth, and in thy heart: that is, the word of faith, which we preach; 
That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine he
237, not; thou shalt have this son also. 
And it came to pass, as her soul was in departing, (for she died) that she called his name Benoni: but his father called him Benjamin. 
And Rachel died, and was buried in the way to Ephrath, which is
233,except I drink it, thy will be done. 
And he came and found them asleep again: for their eyes were heavy. 
And he left them, and went away again, and prayed the third time, saying the same words. 
Then cometh he to his disciples, and
189,n the city of David. And his mother's name was Naamah an Ammonitess. And Abijam his son reigned in his stead. 
Now in the eighteenth year of king Jeroboam the son of Nebat reigned Abijam ov
205,to the family of the tribe of their father shall they marry. 
So shall not the inheritance of the children of Israel remove from tribe to tribe: for every one of the children of Israel shall keep himself t
162, the wind, and the ointment of his right hand, which bewrayeth itself. 
Iron sharpeneth iron; so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend. 
Whoso keepeth th
172,o the commandments of the LORD thy God, which I command thee this day, to observe and to do them: 
And thou shalt not go aside from any of the words which I command thee th
201,lace, and read in the book of the law of the LORD their God one fourth part of the day; and another fourth part they confessed, and worshipped the LORD their God. 
Then stood up upon the stairs, of the
225,sy. 
And, behold, the glory of the God of Israel was there, according to the vision that I saw in the plain. 
Then said he unto me, Son of man, lift up thine eyes now the way toward the north. So I lifted up mine eyes the way
168,ire spiritual gifts, but rather that ye may prophesy. 
For he that speaketh in an unknown tongue speaketh not unto men, but unto God: for no man understandeth him; howb
217,, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me. 
Howbeit we must be cast upon a certain island. 
But when the fourteenth night was come, as we were driven up and down in Adria, about mi
211,all be the basest of the kingdoms; neither shall it exalt itself any more above the nations: for I will diminish them, that they shall no more rule over the nations. 
And it shall be no more the confidence of th
238,shall he eat, that he may know to refuse the evil, and choose the good. 
For before the child shall know to refuse the evil, and choose the good, the land that thou abhorrest shall be forsaken of both her kings. 
The LORD shall bring upon
169, fornications, murders, 
Thefts, covetousness, wickedness, deceit, lasciviousness, an evil eye, blasphemy, pride, foolishness: 
All these evil things come from within, a
237,Hearken to me; I also will shew mine opinion. 
Behold, I waited for your words; I gave ear to your reasons, whilst ye searched out what to say. 
Yea, I attended unto you, and, behold, there was none of you that convinced Job, or that ans
177,re the sons of Levi by their names; Gershon, and Kohath, and Merari. 
And these are the names of the sons of Gershon by their families; Libni, and Shimei. 
And the sons of Kohat
174,e Egyptian sea; and with his mighty wind shall he shake his hand over the river, and shall smite it in the seven streams, and make men go over dryshod. 
And there shall be an
237,h: and he shall set forth a great multitude; but the multitude shall be given into his hand. 
And when he hath taken away the multitude, his heart shall be lifted up; and he shall cast down many ten thousands: but he shall not be strengt
203,aughters, and slew her with the sword: and she became famous among women; for they had executed judgment upon her. 
And when her sister Aholibah saw this, she was more corrupt in her inordinate love than
187,ilderness, and sacrifice to the LORD our God, as he shall command us. 
And Pharaoh said, I will let you go, that ye may sacrifice to the LORD your God in the wilderness; only ye shall not
202,halaleel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters: 
And all the days of Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety and five years: and he died. 
And Jared lived 
173,ue thee? or that there be three days' pestilence in thy land? now advise, and see what answer I shall return to him that sent me. 
And David said unto Gad, I am in a great s
187,cast up dust upon their heads, they shall wallow themselves in the ashes: 
And they shall make themselves utterly bald for thee, and gird them with sackcloth, and they shall weep for thee
176,eman: likewise also he that is called, being free, is Christ's servant. 
Ye are bought with a price; be not ye the servants of men. 
Brethren, let every man, wherein he is call
194,ed. 
Also I heard the voice of the Lord, saying, Whom shall I send, and who will go for us? Then said I, Here am I; send me. 
And he said, Go, and tell this people, Hear ye indeed, but understan
202,ed: 
For he will finish the work, and cut it short in righteousness: because a short work will the Lord make upon the earth. 
And as Esaias said before, Except the Lord of Sabaoth had left us a seed, we
163, heavens. 
For in this we groan, earnestly desiring to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven: 
If so be that being clothed we shall not be found nake
229,as tender, and thou didst humble thyself before God, when thou heardest his words against this place, and against the inhabitants thereof, and humbledst thyself before me, and didst rend thy clothes, and weep before me; I have ev
160,hou hast driven them, because of their trespass that they have trespassed against thee. 
O Lord, to us belongeth confusion of face, to our kings, to our princes
171,ter that ye shall pass on: for therefore are ye come to your servant. And they said, So do, as thou hast said. 
And Abraham hastened into the tent unto Sarah, and said, Ma
177,surely be put to death: they have wrought confusion; their blood shall be upon them. 
If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have committed an ab
197, God a sweet savour of Christ, in them that are saved, and in them that perish: 
To the one we are the savour of death unto death; and to the other the savour of life unto life. And who is sufficie
218,d of the trumpet, and took not warning; his blood shall be upon him. But he that taketh warning shall deliver his soul. 
But if the watchman see the sword come, and blow not the trumpet, and the people be not warned; i
231,hall come to pass when thou shalt have the dominion, that thou shalt break his yoke from off thy neck. 
And Esau hated Jacob because of the blessing wherewith his father blessed him: and Esau said in his heart, The days of mourning
186,, and grudge if they be not satisfied. 
But I will sing of thy power; yea, I will sing aloud of thy mercy in the morning: for thou hast been my defence and refuge in the day of my troubl
203,te it up; and it was in my mouth sweet as honey: and as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter. 
And he said unto me, Thou must prophesy again before many peoples, and nations, and tongues, and king
238,not see his days? 
Some remove the landmarks; they violently take away flocks, and feed thereof. 
They drive away the ass of the fatherless, they take the widow's ox for a pledge. 
They turn the needy out of the way: the poor of the earth
233,nfection after the art of the apothecary, tempered together, pure and holy: 
And thou shalt beat some of it very small, and put of it before the testimony in the tabernacle of the congregation, where I will meet with thee: it shall b
222,rang up with it, and choked it. 
And other fell on good ground, and sprang up, and bare fruit an hundredfold. And when he had said these things, he cried, He that hath ears to hear, let him hear. 
And his disciples asked h
195,found young maidens going out to draw water, and said unto them, Is the seer here? 
And they answered them, and said, He is; behold, he is before you: make haste now, for he came to day to the ci
225,wait abiding in the chamber. And he brake them from off his arms like a thread. 
And Delilah said unto Samson, Hitherto thou hast mocked me, and told me lies: tell me wherewith thou mightest be bound. And he said unto her, If
218,l your children make our children cease from fearing the LORD. 
Therefore we said, Let us now prepare to build us an altar, not for burnt offering, nor for sacrifice: 
But that it may be a witness between us, and you, 
184,gressors and of the sinners shall be together, and they that forsake the LORD shall be consumed. 
For they shall be ashamed of the oaks which ye have desired, and ye shall be confounde
179,great among the Jews, and accepted of the multitude of his brethren, seeking the wealth of his people, and speaking peace to all his seed. 
There was a man in the land of Uz, whos
236, of Israel served Eglon the king of Moab eighteen years. 
But when the children of Israel cried unto the LORD, the LORD raised them up a deliverer, Ehud the son of Gera, a Benjamite, a man lefthanded: and by him the children of Israel s
197,sted his goods. 
And he called him, and said unto him, How is it that I hear this of thee? give an account of thy stewardship; for thou mayest be no longer steward. 
Then the steward said within hi
219,el with him, a very great congregation, from the entering in of Hamath unto the river of Egypt. 
And in the eighth day they made a solemn assembly: for they kept the dedication of the altar seven days, and the feast sev
236,k after the God of David his father: and in the twelfth year he began to purge Judah and Jerusalem from the high places, and the groves, and the carved images, and the molten images. 
And they brake down the altars of Baalim in his pres
235,: these are the beginnings of sorrows. 
But take heed to yourselves: for they shall deliver you up to councils; and in the synagogues ye shall be beaten: and ye shall be brought before rulers and kings for my sake, for a testimony agai
232,art old and stricken in years, and there remaineth yet very much land to be possessed. 
This is the land that yet remaineth: all the borders of the Philistines, and all Geshuri, 
From Sihor, which is before Egypt, even unto the bord
194,GOD. Whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, him declare I unto you. 
God that made the world and all things therein, seeing that he is Lord of heaven and earth, dwelleth not in temples made with 
183,sion. 
The Emims dwelt therein in times past, a people great, and many, and tall, as the Anakims; 
Which also were accounted giants, as the Anakims; but the Moabites called them Emims
202,f Israel? As I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will not be enquired of by you. 
And that which cometh into your mind shall not be at all, that ye say, We will be as the heathen, as the families of the count
231,that he will save us out of the hand of the Philistines. 
And Samuel took a sucking lamb, and offered it for a burnt offering wholly unto the LORD: and Samuel cried unto the LORD for Israel; and the LORD heard him. 
And as Samuel w
215,lon hath made governor over the cities of Judah, and dwell with him among the people: or go wheresoever it seemeth convenient unto thee to go. So the captain of the guard gave him victuals and a reward, and let him 
198,? 
Ye stiffnecked and uncircumcised in heart and ears, ye do always resist the Holy Ghost: as your fathers did, so do ye. 
Which of the prophets have not your fathers persecuted? and they have slain
214,gone over me. 
Yet the LORD will command his lovingkindness in the day time, and in the night his song shall be with me, and my prayer unto the God of my life. 
I will say unto God my rock, Why hast thou forgotten 
203,ere arose a mighty famine in that land; and he began to be in want. 
And he went and joined himself to a citizen of that country; and he sent him into his fields to feed swine. 
And he would fain have fi
173, holy. 
And if it be any unclean beast, of which they do not offer a sacrifice unto the LORD, then he shall present the beast before the priest: 
And the priest shall value 
199, their might are laid by them that were slain by the sword: they shall lie with the uncircumcised, and with them that go down to the pit. 
There be the princes of the north, all of them, and all the 
189, from him; for this thing was not done in a corner. 
King Agrippa, believest thou the prophets? I know that thou believest. 
Then Agrippa said unto Paul, Almost thou persuadest me to be a C
213,ses took the tabernacle, and pitched it without the camp, afar off from the camp, and called it the Tabernacle of the congregation. And it came to pass, that every one which sought the LORD went out unto the taber
181, I was commanded. 
And the people said unto me, Wilt thou not tell us what these things are to us, that thou doest so? 
Then I answered them, The word of the LORD came unto me, sayi
236,nd eat the fruit of them. 
And I will plant them upon their land, and they shall no more be pulled up out of their land which I have given them, saith the LORD thy God. 
The vision of Obadiah. Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning Edom; We
226,ever saith ought unto thee, bring him to me, and he shall not touch thee any more. 
Then said she, I pray thee, let the king remember the LORD thy God, that thou wouldest not suffer the revengers of blood to destroy any more, 
211,not hear me: and the LORD said unto me, Let it suffice thee; speak no more unto me of this matter. 
Get thee up into the top of Pisgah, and lift up thine eyes westward, and northward, and southward, and eastward
213, for thyself, nor hast asked the life of thine enemies; but hast asked for thyself understanding to discern judgment; 
Behold, I have done according to thy words: lo, I have given thee a wise and an understanding 
162,David said unto the Gibeonites, What shall I do for you? and wherewith shall I make the atonement, that ye may bless the inheritance of the LORD? 
And the Gibeoni
200,ons as we are, and he prayed earnestly that it might not rain: and it rained not on the earth by the space of three years and six months. 
And he prayed again, and the heaven gave rain, and the earth 
197,is people, and to his saints: but let them not turn again to folly. 
Surely his salvation is nigh them that fear him; that glory may dwell in our land. 
Mercy and truth are met together; righteousn
210,lk of thy righteousness all the day long: for they are confounded, for they are brought unto shame, that seek my hurt. 
Give the king thy judgments, O God, and thy righteousness unto the king's son. 
He shall j
214,Barnabas took him, and brought him to the apostles, and declared unto them how he had seen the Lord in the way, and that he had spoken to him, and how he had preached boldly at Damascus in the name of Jesus. 
And h
218,led for fear of the Jews, came Jesus and stood in the midst, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you. 
And when he had so said, he shewed unto them his hands and his side. Then were the disciples glad, when they saw the
198,ill deliver you up to the councils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues; 
And ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them and the Gentiles. 
Bu
191,of the kingdom, and healing every sickness and every disease among the people. 
But when he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion on them, because they fainted, and were scattered 
191,m mine eyes. 
Though he be fruitful among his brethren, an east wind shall come, the wind of the LORD shall come up from the wilderness, and his spring shall become dry, and his fountain shal
167,mong them of all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly committed, and of all their hard speeches which ungodly sinners have spoken against him. 
These are murmur
194,h the Tishbite, saying, 
Arise, go down to meet Ahab king of Israel, which is in Samaria: behold, he is in the vineyard of Naboth, whither he is gone down to possess it. 
And thou shalt speak un
163,en cubits shall be the length of a board, and a cubit and a half shall be the breadth of one board. 
Two tenons shall there be in one board, set in order one again
235,ould run, or had run, in vain. 
But neither Titus, who was with me, being a Greek, was compelled to be circumcised: 
And that because of false brethren unawares brought in, who came in privily to spy out our liberty which we have in Ch
208,er. 
And he answered and said unto him, Master, all these have I observed from my youth. 
Then Jesus beholding him loved him, and said unto him, One thing thou lackest: go thy way, sell whatsoever thou hast, 
199,ng. And then carry him out, and stone him, that he may die. 
And the men of his city, even the elders and the nobles who were the inhabitants in his city, did as Jezebel had sent unto them, and as it
214,with him heard these things, he said unto him, Blessed is he that shall eat bread in the kingdom of God. 
Then said he unto him, A certain man made a great supper, and bade many: 
And sent his servant at supper tim
226,se: and his righteousness endureth for ever. 
Unto the upright there ariseth light in the darkness: he is gracious, and full of compassion, and righteous. 
A good man sheweth favour, and lendeth: he will guide his affairs with
226,them unto Dan. 
And he divided himself against them, he and his servants, by night, and smote them, and pursued them unto Hobah, which is on the left hand of Damascus. 
And he brought back all the goods, and also brought again
204, Tobiah the Ammonite was by him, and he said, Even that which they build, if a fox go up, he shall even break down their stone wall. 
Hear, O our God; for we are despised: and turn their reproach upon the
224,at it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy. 
But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and p
235,t of the LORD began to move him at times in the camp of Dan between Zorah and Eshtaol. 
And Samson went down to Timnath, and saw a woman in Timnath of the daughters of the Philistines. 
And he came up, and told his father and his mothe
161, of Jordan, confessing their sins. 
And John was clothed with camel's hair, and with a girdle of a skin about his loins; and he did eat locusts and wild honey; 

209,ve it me for a possession of a buryingplace amongst you. 
And Ephron dwelt among the children of Heth: and Ephron the Hittite answered Abraham in the audience of the children of Heth, even of all that went in 
204,ow; but thou shalt know hereafter. 
Peter saith unto him, Thou shalt never wash my feet. Jesus answered him, If I wash thee not, thou hast no part with me. 
Simon Peter saith unto him, Lord, not my feet o
203,ed unto him, and said, Go not down into Egypt; dwell in the land which I shall tell thee of: 
Sojourn in this land, and I will be with thee, and will bless thee; for unto thee, and unto thy seed, I will 
179,though they have hired among the nations, now will I gather them, and they shall sorrow a little for the burden of the king of princes. 
Because Ephraim hath made many altars to s
191,as dead. 
Now Joab the son of Zeruiah perceived that the king's heart was toward Absalom. 
And Joab sent to Tekoah, and fetched thence a wise woman, and said unto her, I pray thee, feign thys
218,efore I cannot come. 
So that servant came, and shewed his lord these things. Then the master of the house being angry said to his servant, Go out quickly into the streets and lanes of the city, and bring in hither the
202,ed; and this is all the fruit to take away his sin; when he maketh all the stones of the altar as chalkstones that are beaten in sunder, the groves and images shall not stand up. 
Yet the defenced city 
166,LORD. 
And they pitched one over against the other seven days. And so it was, that in the seventh day the battle was joined: and the children of Israel slew of the Sy
172,now, I will prove thee with mirth, therefore enjoy pleasure: and, behold, this also is vanity. 
I said of laughter, It is mad: and of mirth, What doeth it? 
I sought in min
234,nths: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years. 
And these were born unto him in Jerusalem; Shimea, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon, four, of Bathshua the daughter of Ammiel: 
Ibhar also, and Elishama, and Eliphelet, 
An
185,ouse he cieled with fir tree, which he overlaid with fine gold, and set thereon palm trees and chains. 
And he garnished the house with precious stones for beauty: and the gold was gold
195,ers of the land of Egypt, 
And all the house of Joseph, and his brethren, and his father's house: only their little ones, and their flocks, and their herds, they left in the land of Goshen. 
And 
189,before all the Jews that sat in the court of the prison. 
And I charged Baruch before them, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Take these evidences, this evidence of 
182,ness we had made this man to walk? 
The God of Abraham, and of Isaac, and of Jacob, the God of our fathers, hath glorified his Son Jesus; whom ye delivered up, and denied him in the 
237,ou be willing, remove this cup from me: nevertheless not my will, but thine, be done. 
And there appeared an angel unto him from heaven, strengthening him. 
And being in an agony he prayed more earnestly: and his sweat was as it were gre
232,f Judah arose, and shouted, and pursued the Philistines, until thou come to the valley, and to the gates of Ekron. And the wounded of the Philistines fell down by the way to Shaaraim, even unto Gath, and unto Ekron. 
And the childre
232,ttage of lentiles; and he did eat and drink, and rose up, and went his way: thus Esau despised his birthright. 
And there was a famine in the land, beside the first famine that was in the days of Abraham. And Isaac went unto Abimele
236,d choked them: 
But other fell into good ground, and brought forth fruit, some an hundredfold, some sixtyfold, some thirtyfold. 
Who hath ears to hear, let him hear. 
And the disciples came, and said unto him, Why speakest thou unto the
183,e other cherub. 
And one wing of the other cherub was five cubits, reaching to the wall of the house: and the other wing was five cubits also, joining to the wing of the other cherub.
223,baiah, the children of Koz, the children of Barzillai; which took a wife of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite, and was called after their name: 
These sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy
228,nd I will place them, and multiply them, and will set my sanctuary in the midst of them for evermore. 
My tabernacle also shall be with them: yea, I will be their God, and they shall be my people. 
And the heathen shall know tha
175,, but the root thee. 
Thou wilt say then, The branches were broken off, that I might be graffed in. 
Well; because of unbelief they were broken off, and thou standest by faith
177, the Lord? 
The young and the old lie on the ground in the streets: my virgins and my young men are fallen by the sword; thou hast slain them in the day of thine anger; thou has
206,e familiar spirits, and to the wizards. 
And the Egyptians will I give over into the hand of a cruel lord; and a fierce king shall rule over them, saith the Lord, the LORD of hosts. 
And the waters shall fa
178,om Heshbon unto Ramathmizpeh, and Betonim; and from Mahanaim unto the border of Debir; 
And in the valley, Betharam, and Bethnimrah, and Succoth, and Zaphon, the rest of the king
203, 
And they said unto him, We are come down to bind thee, that we may deliver thee into the hand of the Philistines. And Samson said unto them, Swear unto me, that ye will not fall upon me yourselves. 
An
193, shall be in the land of Egypt; that the land perish not through the famine. 
And the thing was good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of all his servants. 
And Pharaoh said unto his serv
208,o Sihon king of Heshbon with words of peace, saying, 
Let me pass through thy land: I will go along by the high way, I will neither turn unto the right hand nor to the left. 
Thou shalt sell me meat for money
209,hey desired a king: and God gave unto them Saul the son of Cis, a man of the tribe of Benjamin, by the space of forty years. 
And when he had removed him, he raised up unto them David to be their king; to whom
181,o you, unless ye have believed in vain. 
For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; 
And that h
204,he congregation of the saints. 
For who in the heaven can be compared unto the LORD? who among the sons of the mighty can be likened unto the LORD? 
God is greatly to be feared in the assembly of the sain
201,tinually morning and evening, and to do according to all that is written in the law of the LORD, which he commanded Israel; 
And with them Heman and Jeduthun, and the rest that were chosen, who were ex
209,ts; 
Lest I strip her naked, and set her as in the day that she was born, and make her as a wilderness, and set her like a dry land, and slay her with thirst. 
And I will not have mercy upon her children; for 
181, it shall devour the briers and thorns, and shall kindle in the thickets of the forest, and they shall mount up like the lifting up of smoke. 
Through the wrath of the LORD of hosts
162,mes of the men that make this building? 
But the eye of their God was upon the elders of the Jews, that they could not cause them to cease, till the matter came t
221,on of the living God. 
And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven. 
And I say also unto thee, That thou art 
236, a man cunning to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass, and in iron, and in purple, and crimson, and blue, and that can skill to grave with the cunning men that are with me in Judah and in Jerusalem, whom David my father did provid
195,is spoiled. 
Thus saith the LORD my God; Feed the flock of the slaughter; 
Whose possessors slay them, and hold themselves not guilty: and they that sell them say, Blessed be the LORD; for I am r
194, out of mine house, I will love them no more: all their princes are revolters. 
Ephraim is smitten, their root is dried up, they shall bear no fruit: yea, though they bring forth, yet will I sla
235,e priest, and the people, that shall say, The burden of the LORD, I will even punish that man and his house. 
Thus shall ye say every one to his neighbour, and every one to his brother, What hath the LORD answered? and, What hath the L
199,t are not clean, and of fowls, and of every thing that creepeth upon the earth, 
There went in two and two unto Noah into the ark, the male and the female, as God had commanded Noah. 
And it came to 
206, life: 
But we had the sentence of death in ourselves, that we should not trust in ourselves, but in God which raiseth the dead: 
Who delivered us from so great a death, and doth deliver: in whom we trust t
227,as I let down by the wall, and escaped his hands. 
It is not expedient for me doubtless to glory. I will come to visions and revelations of the Lord. 
I knew a man in Christ above fourteen years ago, (whether in the body, I can
229,oods, that they could not drink. 
He sent divers sorts of flies among them, which devoured them; and frogs, which destroyed them. 
He gave also their increase unto the caterpiller, and their labour unto the locust. 
He destroyed 
194,
Purge out therefore the old leaven, that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us: 
Therefore let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, ne
191,housand baths. 
And he made ten bases of brass; four cubits was the length of one base, and four cubits the breadth thereof, and three cubits the height of it. 
And the work of the bases was 
199,Egypt, he, and his wife, and all that he had, and Lot with him, into the south. 
And Abram was very rich in cattle, in silver, and in gold. 
And he went on his journeys from the south even to Bethel,
209,of one base, and four cubits the breadth thereof, and three cubits the height of it. 
And the work of the bases was on this manner: they had borders, and the borders were between the ledges: 
And on the border
220, can turn her away? all they that seek her will not weary themselves; in her month they shall find her. 
Withhold thy foot from being unshod, and thy throat from thirst: but thou saidst, There is no hope: no; for I have 
174, of the gate of the city, and shall declare his cause in the ears of the elders of that city, they shall take him into the city unto them, and give him a place, that he may d
185, I will return unto thee, according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son. 
Then Sarah denied, saying, I laughed not; for she was afraid. And he said, Nay; but thou didst laug
162,isfied them with the bread of heaven. 
He opened the rock, and the waters gushed out; they ran in the dry places like a river. 
For he remembered his holy promise
182,elf froward. 
For thou wilt save the afflicted people; but wilt bring down high looks. 
For thou wilt light my candle: the LORD my God will enlighten my darkness. 
For by thee I have
225, and said, while he taught in the temple, How say the scribes that Christ is the son of David? 
For David himself said by the Holy Ghost, The LORD said to my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, till I make thine enemies thy foot
213,uild the house of the LORD thy God, as he hath said of thee. 
Only the LORD give thee wisdom and understanding, and give thee charge concerning Israel, that thou mayest keep the law of the LORD thy God. 
Then shal
219,lood of any person shall flee to the pit; let no man stay him. 
Whoso walketh uprightly shall be saved: but he that is perverse in his ways shall fall at once. 
He that tilleth his land shall have plenty of bread: but h
192,people may drink. And Moses did so in the sight of the elders of Israel. 
And he called the name of the place Massah, and Meribah, because of the chiding of the children of Israel, and because
178,ire; with part thereof he eateth flesh; he roasteth roast, and is satisfied: yea, he warmeth himself, and saith, Aha, I am warm, I have seen the fire: 
And the residue thereof he
230,, woe also to them when I depart from them! 
Ephraim, as I saw Tyrus, is planted in a pleasant place: but Ephraim shall bring forth his children to the murderer. 
Give them, O LORD: what wilt thou give? give them a miscarrying wom
165,for the LORD delighteth in thee, and thy land shall be married. 
For as a young man marrieth a virgin, so shall thy sons marry thee: and as the bridegroom rejoiceth 
193,hen that have not known thee, and upon the kingdoms that have not called upon thy name. 
For they have devoured Jacob, and laid waste his dwelling place. 
O remember not against us former iniqu
182,thy brother for nought, and stripped the naked of their clothing. 
Thou hast not given water to the weary to drink, and thou hast withholden bread from the hungry. 
But as for the mi
220,e priest's office unto the LORD: 
And he ordained him priests for the high places, and for the devils, and for the calves which he had made. 
And after them out of all the tribes of Israel such as set their hearts to see
174,ed from thence toward the south country, and dwelled between Kadesh and Shur, and sojourned in Gerar. 
And Abraham said of Sarah his wife, She is my sister: and Abimelech kin
237, commandeth even the winds and water, and they obey him. 
And they arrived at the country of the Gadarenes, which is over against Galilee. 
And when he went forth to land, there met him out of the city a certain man, which had devils lon
212,rns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye not much better than they? 
Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature? 
And why take ye thought for raiment? Consider the lilies of the f
214,at fight against it, because of the sword, and of the famine, and of the pestilence: and what thou hast spoken is come to pass; and, behold, thou seest it. 
And thou hast said unto me, O Lord GOD, Buy thee the fiel
217,e to speak good for them, and to turn away thy wrath from them. 
Therefore deliver up their children to the famine, and pour out their blood by the force of the sword; and let their wives be bereaved of their children
187,olomon's table, every man in his month: they lacked nothing. 
Barley also and straw for the horses and dromedaries brought they unto the place where the officers were, every man according
163,n the rings of the ark: they shall not be taken from it. 
And thou shalt put into the ark the testimony which I shall give thee. 
And thou shalt make a mercy seat 
196,f not, let fire come out from Abimelech, and devour the men of Shechem, and the house of Millo; and let fire come out from the men of Shechem, and from the house of Millo, and devour Abimelech. 
A
187,ill appoint him his portion with the unbelievers. 
And that servant, which knew his lord's will, and prepared not himself, neither did according to his will, shall be beaten with many str
199,t with the children of Ammon. 
And Jephthah said unto the elders of Gilead, Did not ye hate me, and expel me out of my father's house? and why are ye come unto me now when ye are in distress? 
And th
198,shepherds; and I will require my flock at their hand, and cause them to cease from feeding the flock; neither shall the shepherds feed themselves any more; for I will deliver my flock from their mou
163, spoken, when I was in trouble. 
I will offer unto thee burnt sacrifices of fatlings, with the incense of rams; I will offer bullocks with goats. Selah. 
Come and 
212, an olive leaf pluckt off: so Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth. 
And he stayed yet other seven days; and sent forth the dove; which returned not again unto him any more. 
And it came to pa
174,e LORD hath blessed. 
I will greatly rejoice in the LORD, my soul shall be joyful in my God; for he hath clothed me with the garments of salvation, he hath covered me with th
219,hast not kept that which the LORD commanded thee. 
And Samuel arose, and gat him up from Gilgal unto Gibeah of Benjamin. And Saul numbered the people that were present with him, about six hundred men. 
And Saul, and Jon
176,stablishment thereof, Sennacherib king of Assyria came, and entered into Judah, and encamped against the fenced cities, and thought to win them for himself. 
And when Hezekiah 
208,nd Hur, and Shobal. 
And Reaiah the son of Shobal begat Jahath; and Jahath begat Ahumai, and Lahad. These are the families of the Zorathites. 
And these were of the father of Etam; Jezreel, and Ishma, and Idb
212, motions of sins, which were by the law, did work in our members to bring forth fruit unto death. 
But now we are delivered from the law, that being dead wherein we were held; that we should serve in newness of s
225,nd of God: that which is with the Almighty will I not conceal. 
Behold, all ye yourselves have seen it; why then are ye thus altogether vain? 
This is the portion of a wicked man with God, and the heritage of oppressors, whic
185, whole, the lame to walk, and the blind to see: and they glorified the God of Israel. 
Then Jesus called his disciples unto him, and said, I have compassion on the multitude, because th
214, Zechariah the son of Bebai, and with him twenty and eight males. 
And of the sons of Azgad; Johanan the son of Hakkatan, and with him an hundred and ten males. 
And of the last sons of Adonikam, whose names are th
210,stroyed them not: yea, many a time turned he his anger away, and did not stir up all his wrath. 
For he remembered that they were but flesh; a wind that passeth away, and cometh not again. 
How oft did they pro
227,ultitude. 
Therefore thou shalt love the LORD thy God, and keep his charge, and his statutes, and his judgments, and his commandments, alway. 
And know ye this day: for I speak not with your children which have not known, and w
215,ion: and so Abraham begat Isaac, and circumcised him the eighth day; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat the twelve patriarchs. 
And the patriarchs, moved with envy, sold Joseph into Egypt: but God was with him, 
185,ve our lands and vineyards. 
And I was very angry when I heard their cry and these words. 
Then I consulted with myself, and I rebuked the nobles, and the rulers, and said unto them, Ye
170,n shall rise up against their parents, and shall cause them to be put to death. 
And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that shall endure unto the en
234,head: therefore my heart faileth me. 
Be pleased, O LORD, to deliver me: O LORD, make haste to help me. 
Let them be ashamed and confounded together that seek after my soul to destroy it; let them be driven backward and put to shame t
201,ce which the LORD shall choose: 
And thou shalt offer thy burnt offerings, the flesh and the blood, upon the altar of the LORD thy God: and the blood of thy sacrifices shall be poured out upon the alta
161, Egypt, in the sight of Pharaoh's servants, and in the sight of the people. 
And Moses said, Thus saith the LORD, About midnight will I go out into the midst of 
231, also stand up against the Prince of princes; but he shall be broken without hand. 
And the vision of the evening and the morning which was told is true: wherefore shut thou up the vision; for it shall be for many days. 
And I Dani
225,the threshingfloor, and as the increase of the winepress. 
And ye shall eat it in every place, ye and your households: for it is your reward for your service in the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And ye shall bear no sin by
229,salem fell before the LORD, worshipping the LORD. 
And the Levites, of the children of the Kohathites, and of the children of the Korhites, stood up to praise the LORD God of Israel with a loud voice on high. 
And they rose early
226,
That pant after the dust of the earth on the head of the poor, and turn aside the way of the meek: and a man and his father will go in unto the same maid, to profane my holy name: 
And they lay themselves down upon clothes la
163,ather and thy father: behold, I have sent thee silver and gold; go, break thy league with Baasha king of Israel, that he may depart from me. 
And Benhadad hearkene
177,the land, and as a wayfaring man that turneth aside to tarry for a night? 
Why shouldest thou be as a man astonied, as a mighty man that cannot save? yet thou, O LORD, art in th
202,b begat Nahshon, and Nahshon begat Salmon, 
And Salmon begat Boaz, and Boaz begat Obed, 
And Obed begat Jesse, and Jesse begat David. 
Now there was a certain man of Ramathaimzophim, of mount Ephraim, a
175,s of the life of my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage. 
And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from before Pharaoh. 
And Joseph placed his father and his brethren, and 
224, teacher of babes, which hast the form of knowledge and of the truth in the law. 
Thou therefore which teachest another, teachest thou not thyself? thou that preachest a man should not steal, dost thou steal? 
Thou that saye
210,n, Naomi, that is come again out of the country of Moab, selleth a parcel of land, which was our brother Elimelech's: 
And I thought to advertise thee, saying, Buy it before the inhabitants, and before the elde
191,nd of every man's brother will I require the life of man. 
Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God made he man. 
And you, be ye fruitful, and multi
163,srael, every one according to his ways, saith the Lord GOD. Repent, and turn yourselves from all your transgressions; so iniquity shall not be your ruin. 
Cast awa
234, which the LORD thy God hateth. 
Thou shalt not sacrifice unto the LORD thy God any bullock, or sheep, wherein is blemish, or any evilfavouredness: for that is an abomination unto the LORD thy God. 
If there be found among you, within
231,given thee all them that sail with thee. 
Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me. 
Howbeit we must be cast upon a certain island. 
But when the fourteenth night was come, as we
217,et the altar upon his bases; for fear was upon them because of the people of those countries: and they offered burnt offerings thereon unto the LORD, even burnt offerings morning and evening. 
They kept also the feast
185,Behold, the righteous shall be recompensed in the earth: much more the wicked and the sinner. 
Whoso loveth instruction loveth knowledge: but he that hateth reproof is brutish. 
A good 
227,re hid as with a stone, and the face of the deep is frozen. 
Canst thou bind the sweet influences of Pleiades, or loose the bands of Orion? 
Canst thou bring forth Mazzaroth in his season? or canst thou guide Arcturus with his 
180, be fruitful in the land. 
And he went up from thence to Beersheba. 
And the LORD appeared unto him the same night, and said, I am the God of Abraham thy father: fear not, for I am
235,of your mind; 
And that ye put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness. 
Wherefore putting away lying, speak every man truth with his neighbour: for we are members one of another. 
Be ye angry, and
207,nd spoil the soul of those that spoiled them. 
Make no friendship with an angry man; and with a furious man thou shalt not go: 
Lest thou learn his ways, and get a snare to thy soul. 
Be not thou one of them
231,till the day of Christ. 
Being filled with the fruits of righteousness, which are by Jesus Christ, unto the glory and praise of God. 
But I would ye should understand, brethren, that the things which happened unto me have fallen ou
234,s promise raised unto Israel a Saviour, Jesus: 
When John had first preached before his coming the baptism of repentance to all the people of Israel. 
And as John fulfilled his course, he said, Whom think ye that I am? I am not he. Bu
231,n the midst of the noonday; hide the outcasts; bewray not him that wandereth. 
Let mine outcasts dwell with thee, Moab; be thou a covert to them from the face of the spoiler: for the extortioner is at an end, the spoiler ceaseth, t
237, of the mountains, and burn incense upon the hills, under oaks and poplars and elms, because the shadow thereof is good: therefore your daughters shall commit whoredom, and your spouses shall commit adultery. 
I will not punish your daug
186, is vanity and vexation of spirit. 
That which is crooked cannot be made straight: and that which is wanting cannot be numbered. 
I communed with mine own heart, saying, Lo, I am come to
187, to pass, when he saw the earring and bracelets upon his sister's hands, and when he heard the words of Rebekah his sister, saying, Thus spake the man unto me; that he came unto the man; 
200,at the fat of the land. 
Now thou art commanded, this do ye; take you wagons out of the land of Egypt for your little ones, and for your wives, and bring your father, and come. 
Also regard not your s
194,be no wrath any more upon the children of Israel. 
And I, behold, I have taken your brethren the Levites from among the children of Israel: to you they are given as a gift for the LORD, to do th
218,in thy voice from weeping, and thine eyes from tears: for thy work shall be rewarded, saith the LORD; and they shall come again from the land of the enemy. 
And there is hope in thine end, saith the LORD, that thy chil
163,before the ark of the covenant of God. 
Then on that day David delivered first this psalm to thank the LORD into the hand of Asaph and his brethren. 
Give thanks u
175,e multitude heard this, they were astonished at his doctrine. 
But when the Pharisees had heard that he had put the Sadducees to silence, they were gathered together. 
Then on
209,at all. 
Ye know how through infirmity of the flesh I preached the gospel unto you at the first. 
And my temptation which was in my flesh ye despised not, nor rejected; but received me as an angel of God, even
230,ith the twelfth: and Elijah passed by him, and cast his mantle upon him. 
And he left the oxen, and ran after Elijah, and said, Let me, I pray thee, kiss my father and my mother, and then I will follow thee. And he said unto him, 
168,ss. 
Beautiful for situation, the joy of the whole earth, is mount Zion, on the sides of the north, the city of the great King. 
God is known in her palaces for a refug
235,y the mighty and the holy people. 
And through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand; and he shall magnify himself in his heart, and by peace shall destroy many: he shall also stand up against the Prince of prince
189,et stumble upon the dark mountains, and, while ye look for light, he turn it into the shadow of death, and make it gross darkness. 
But if ye will not hear it, my soul shall weep in secret 
199,ly beloved, for your edifying. 
For I fear, lest, when I come, I shall not find you such as I would, and that I shall be found unto you such as ye would not: lest there be debates, envyings, wraths, 
210,Now the LORD hath brought it, and done according as he hath said: because ye have sinned against the LORD, and have not obeyed his voice, therefore this thing is come upon you. 
And now, behold, I loose thee th
206,. 
And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents brought in the child Jesus, to do for him after the custom of the law, 
Then took he him up in his arms, and blessed God, and said, 
Lord, 
178, ashamed. 
And ye shall know that I am in the midst of Israel, and that I am the LORD your God, and none else: and my people shall never be ashamed. 
And it shall come to pass af
187,he words of my mouth: and thy judgments are as the light that goeth forth. 
For I desired mercy, and not sacrifice; and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings. 
But they like men 
226,ld, I will bring upon Tyrus Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, a king of kings, from the north, with horses, and with chariots, and with horsemen, and companies, and much people. 
He shall slay with the sword thy daughters in the
203,him into thine hand. 
And Barak said unto her, If thou wilt go with me, then I will go: but if thou wilt not go with me, then I will not go. 
And she said, I will surely go with thee: notwithstanding the
212, mountains of Abarim, and pitched in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho. 
And they pitched by Jordan, from Bethjesimoth even unto Abelshittim in the plains of Moab. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses in the pl
220,d to morrow I will let thee go, and will tell thee all that is in thine heart. 
And as for thine asses that were lost three days ago, set not thy mind on them; for they are found. And on whom is all the desire of Israel?
166,, and they shall stone thee with stones, and thrust thee through with their swords. 
And they shall burn thine houses with fire, and execute judgments upon thee in th
194,h not, and the fire is not quenched. 
And if thy foot offend thee, cut it off: it is better for thee to enter halt into life, than having two feet to be cast into hell, into the fire that never 
188,dgments upon all those that despise them round about them; and they shall know that I am the LORD their God. 
In the tenth year, in the tenth month, in the twelfth day of the month, the wo
205,s, and confirm the feeble knees. 
Say to them that are of a fearful heart, Be strong, fear not: behold, your God will come with vengeance, even God with a recompence; he will come and save you. 
Then the e
215, mother kept all these sayings in her heart. 
And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, and in favour with God and man. 
Now in the fifteenth year of the reign of Tiberius Caesar, Pontius Pilate being governor of J
171, both to exhort and to convince the gainsayers. 
For there are many unruly and vain talkers and deceivers, specially they of the circumcision: 
Whose mouths must be stoppe
200, said, Thy brother Benhadad. Then he said, Go ye, bring him. Then Benhadad came forth to him; and he caused him to come up into the chariot. 
And Ben-hadad said unto him, The cities, which my father t
201,hall they take for their wives a widow, nor her that is put away: but they shall take maidens of the seed of the house of Israel, or a widow that had a priest before. 
And they shall teach my people th
190,earth he shewed thee his great fire; and thou heardest his words out of the midst of the fire. 
And because he loved thy fathers, therefore he chose their seed after them, and brought thee o
231,for the day! for the day of the LORD is at hand, and as a destruction from the Almighty shall it come. 
Is not the meat cut off before our eyes, yea, joy and gladness from the house of our God? 
The seed is rotten under their clods
175, up Israel out of Egypt, and delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all kingdoms, and of them that oppressed you: 
And ye have this day rejecte
205, they lifted up their voice, and wept; and they rent every one his mantle, and sprinkled dust upon their heads toward heaven. 
So they sat down with him upon the ground seven days and seven nights, and non
180,left off to build the city. 
Therefore is the name of it called Babel; because the LORD did there confound the language of all the earth: and from thence did the LORD scatter them 
195, of the month, that Moses spake unto the children of Israel, according unto all that the LORD had given him in commandment unto them; 
After he had slain Sihon the king of the Amorites, which dwe
219,her pursued after Sheba the son of Bichri. 
And one of Joab's men stood by him, and said, He that favoureth Joab, and he that is for David, let him go after Joab. 
And Amasa wallowed in blood in the midst of the highway
238, before them to minister unto them. 
Because they ministered unto them before their idols, and caused the house of Israel to fall into iniquity; therefore have I lifted up mine hand against them, saith the Lord GOD, and they shall bear th
185, and appear before God? 
My tears have been my meat day and night, while they continually say unto me, Where is thy God? 
When I remember these things, I pour out my soul in me: for I h
217,come unto thee. 
The multitude of camels shall cover thee, the dromedaries of Midian and Ephah; all they from Sheba shall come: they shall bring gold and incense; and they shall shew forth the praises of the LORD. 
Al
166,lar of the cloud departed not from them by day, to lead them in the way; neither the pillar of fire by night, to shew them light, and the way wherein they should go. 
185,
And if a man shall lie with his uncle's wife, he hath uncovered his uncle's nakedness: they shall bear their sin; they shall die childless. 
And if a man shall take his brother's wife,
171,o Judas surnamed Iscariot, being of the number of the twelve. 
And he went his way, and communed with the chief priests and captains, how he might betray him unto them. 
A
225,u on the sixth day the bread of two days; abide ye every man in his place, let no man go out of his place on the seventh day. 
So the people rested on the seventh day. 
And the house of Israel called the name thereof Manna: a
198,e he smote Israel. 
And David said unto God, I have sinned greatly, because I have done this thing: but now, I beseech thee, do away the iniquity of thy servant; for I have done very foolishly. 
And
172,here were a thousand vines at a thousand silverlings, it shall even be for briers and thorns. 
With arrows and with bows shall men come thither; because all the land shall 
209, to pass, saith the Lord GOD. 
Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus saith the LORD; Say, A sword, a sword is sharpened, and also furbished: 
It is sharpened to 
212,ribe of the children of Simeon, these cities which are here mentioned by name. 
Which the children of Aaron, being of the families of the Kohathites, who were of the children of Levi, had: for theirs was the firs
196, Aaron, and before his sons: as the LORD had commanded Moses concerning the Levites, so did they unto them. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
This is it that belongeth unto the Levites: fro
224,thou, my son David: thou shalt both do great things, and also shalt still prevail. So David went on his way, and Saul returned to his place. 
And David said in his heart, I shall now perish one day by the hand of Saul: there
215,eir blood shall be upon them. 
And if a man lie with his daughter in law, both of them shall surely be put to death: they have wrought confusion; their blood shall be upon them. 
If a man also lie with mankind, as h
239, the north side, from the great sea, the way of Hethlon, as men go to Zedad; 
Hamath, Berothah, Sibraim, which is between the border of Damascus and the border of Hamath; Hazarhatticon, which is by the coast of Hauran. 
And the border from
209,g, Sirs, ye are brethren; why do ye wrong one to another? 
But he that did his neighbour wrong thrust him away, saying, Who made thee a ruler and a judge over us? 
Wilt thou kill me, as thou diddest the Egypti
211,ons: and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats: 
And he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on the left. 
Then shall the King say unto them on 
203, Egypt to cease by the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon. 
He and his people with him, the terrible of the nations, shall be brought to destroy the land: and they shall draw their swords against Egy
238,e that day than the sword devoured. 
And Absalom met the servants of David. And Absalom rode upon a mule, and the mule went under the thick boughs of a great oak, and his head caught hold of the oak, and he was taken up between the heaven
240, when the LORD made a covenant with the children of Israel, when they came out of the land of Egypt. 
And it came to pass, when the priests were come out of the holy place, that the cloud filled the house of the LORD, 
So that the priests c
190,, and of all that dwell therein. 
What profiteth the graven image that the maker thereof hath graven it; the molten image, and a teacher of lies, that the maker of his work trusteth therein,
220, and let down to the earth: 
Wherein were all manner of fourfooted beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping things, and fowls of the air. 
And there came a voice to him, Rise, Peter; kill, and eat. 
But Peter s
173,the valley, and I will discover the foundations thereof. 
And all the graven images thereof shall be beaten to pieces, and all the hires thereof shall be burned with the fir
233,rify your hearts, ye double minded. 
Be afflicted, and mourn, and weep: let your laughter be turned to mourning, and your joy to heaviness. 
Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord, and he shall lift you up. 
Speak not evil one of
181, and as the raiment of those that are slain, thrust through with a sword, that go down to the stones of the pit; as a carcase trodden under feet. 
Thou shalt not be joined with them
205,f Eleazar, and Ahimelech of the sons of Ithamar, according to their offices in their service. 
And there were more chief men found of the sons of Eleazar than of the sons of Ithamar, and thus were they div
200,alketh in darkness, and knoweth not whither he goeth, because that darkness hath blinded his eyes. 
I write unto you, little children, because your sins are forgiven you for his name's sake. 
I write 
201,out of the stewardship, they may receive me into their houses. 
So he called every one of his lord's debtors unto him, and said unto the first, How much owest thou unto my lord? 
And he said, An hundre
168,of Padanaram, and blessed him. 
And God said unto him, Thy name is Jacob: thy name shall not be called any more Jacob, but Israel shall be thy name: and he called his n
233,and the priest shall make an atonement for her, and she shall be clean. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron, saying, 
When a man shall have in the skin of his flesh a rising, a scab, or bright spot, and it be in the skin of his 
177,ld ye not hear the words which the LORD hath cried by the former prophets, when Jerusalem was inhabited and in prosperity, and the cities thereof round about her, when men inhab
194,ye, as some of them also murmured, and were destroyed of the destroyer. 
Now all these things happened unto them for ensamples: and they are written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the
226, the Israelitish woman's son blasphemed the name of the Lord, and cursed. And they brought him unto Moses: (and his mother's name was Shelomith, the daughter of Dibri, of the tribe of Dan:) 
And they put him in ward, that the 
190,l to an ephah. 
And when the prince shall enter, he shall go in by the way of the porch of that gate, and he shall go forth by the way thereof. 
But when the people of the land shall come be
221,iquity shall stop her mouth. 
Whoso is wise, and will observe these things, even they shall understand the lovingkindness of the LORD. 
O god, my heart is fixed; I will sing and give praise, even with my glory. 
Awake, ps
166,fore thus saith the LORD of hosts, Behold, I will punish them: the young men shall die by the sword; their sons and their daughters shall die by famine: 
And there sh
215, drunken the dregs of the cup of trembling, and wrung them out. 
There is none to guide her among all the sons whom she hath brought forth; neither is there any that taketh her by the hand of all the sons that she h
234,g unto him, and saith, Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world. 
This is he of whom I said, After me cometh a man which is preferred before me: for he was before me. 
And I knew him not: but that he should be ma
194,I shewed before him my trouble. 
When my spirit was overwhelmed within me, then thou knewest my path. In the way wherein I walked have they privily laid a snare for me. 
I looked on my right han
190,d we do sacrifice unto him since the days of Esarhaddon king of Assur, which brought us up hither. 
But Zerubbabel, and Jeshua, and the rest of the chief of the fathers of Israel, said unto 
202,d a vow unto the LORD, and said, If thou shalt without fail deliver the children of Ammon into mine hands, 
Then it shall be, that whatsoever cometh forth of the doors of my house to meet me, when I ret
225,ye will surely accomplish your vows, and surely perform your vows. 
Therefore hear ye the word of the LORD, all Judah that dwell in the land of Egypt; Behold, I have sworn by my great name, saith the LORD, that my name shall 
186, punishment of the prophet shall be even as the punishment of him that seeketh unto him; 
That the house of Israel may go no more astray from me, neither be polluted any more with all th
200, were sitting. 
And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them. 
And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the 
168, suck of the abundance of the seas, and of treasures hid in the sand. 
And of Gad he said, Blessed be he that enlargeth Gad: he dwelleth as a lion, and teareth the arm 
168, is Hebron, in the mountain of Judah. 
And on the other side Jordan by Jericho eastward, they assigned Bezer in the wilderness upon the plain out of the tribe of Reuben
169,, nettles shall possess them: thorns shall be in their tabernacles. 
The days of visitation are come, the days of recompence are come; Israel shall know it: the prophet 
188, oil. 
From the blood of the slain, from the fat of the mighty, the bow of Jonathan turned not back, and the sword of Saul returned not empty. 
Saul and Jonathan were lovely and pleasant i
214, sitteth among the elders of the land. 
She maketh fine linen, and selleth it; and delivereth girdles unto the merchant. 
Strength and honour are her clothing; and she shall rejoice in time to come. 
She openeth he
218,ity, and not yet far off, Joseph said unto his steward, Up, follow after the men; and when thou dost overtake them, say unto them, Wherefore have ye rewarded evil for good? 
Is not this it in which my lord drinketh, an
182, the king's house: 
And also let the golden and silver vessels of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took forth out of the temple which is at Jerusalem, and brought unto Babylon,
237,he fourth row a beryl, and an onyx, and a jasper: they shall be set in gold in their inclosings. 
And the stones shall be with the names of the children of Israel, twelve, according to their names, like the engravings of a signet; every 
160,rather take wrong? why do ye not rather suffer yourselves to be defrauded? 
Nay, ye do wrong, and defraud, and that your brethren. 
Know ye not that the unright
161,nd he shall put the incense upon the fire before the LORD, that the cloud of the incense may cover the mercy seat that is upon the testimony, that he die not: 
A
215,r the LORD, an habitation for the mighty God of Jacob. 
Lo, we heard of it at Ephratah: we found it in the fields of the wood. 
We will go into his tabernacles: we will worship at his footstool. 
Arise, O LORD, into
202,o eat: but Mephibosheth thy master's son shall eat bread alway at my table. Now Ziba had fifteen sons and twenty servants. 
Then said Ziba unto the king, According to all that my lord the king hath comm
201,come upon the land, he blow the trumpet, and warn the people; 
Then whosoever heareth the sound of the trumpet, and taketh not warning; if the sword come, and take him away, his blood shall be upon his
193,ngers to comfort him concerning his father. So the servants of David came into the land of the children of Ammon to Hanun, to comfort him. 
But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanu
162,s brother's house. 
And his name shall be called in Israel, The house of him that hath his shoe loosed. 
When men strive together one with another, and the wife o
229,he same shall not go. 
So he brought down the people unto the water: and the LORD said unto Gideon, Every one that lappeth of the water with his tongue, as a dog lappeth, him shalt thou set by himself; likewise every one that bow
201,e earth, and the great men, and the rich men, and the chief captains, and the mighty men, and every bondman, and every free man, hid themselves in the dens and in the rocks of the mountains; 
And said 
228,m in a dream. 
My servant Moses is not so, who is faithful in all mine house. 
With him will I speak mouth to mouth, even apparently, and not in dark speeches; and the similitude of the LORD shall he behold: wherefore then were 
198,n, and Adonijah, and Tobijah, and Tobadonijah, Levites; and with them Elishama and Jehoram, priests. 
And they taught in Judah, and had the book of the law of the LORD with them, and went about thro
220, of Naboth the Jezreelite. 
So she wrote letters in Ahab's name, and sealed them with his seal, and sent the letters unto the elders and to the nobles that were in his city, dwelling with Naboth. 
And she wrote in the le
234,mple: for he beckoned unto them, and remained speechless. 
And it came to pass, that, as soon as the days of his ministration were accomplished, he departed to his own house. 
And after those days his wife Elisabeth conceived, and hid
237,, Zechariah, Ben, and Jaaziel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Unni, Eliab, and Benaiah, and Maaseiah, and Mattithiah, and Elipheleh, and Mikneiah, and Obededom, and Jeiel, the porters. 
So the singers, Heman, Asaph, and Ethan, were app
229,with the transgressors. 
And they that passed by railed on him, wagging their heads, and saying, Ah, thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days, 
Save thyself, and come down from the cross. 
Likewise also the 
189,iolence through them; and, behold, I will destroy them with the earth. 
Make thee an ark of gopher wood; rooms shalt thou make in the ark, and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch. 
223,on saying, 
Cut ye not off the tribe of the families of the Kohathites from among the Levites: 
But thus do unto them, that they may live, and not die, when they approach unto the most holy things: Aaron and his sons shall 
216,t cloud, and shall come into Egypt: and the idols of Egypt shall be moved at his presence, and the heart of Egypt shall melt in the midst of it. 
And I will set the Egyptians against the Egyptians: and they shall fig
237,achel's tent. 
Now Rachel had taken the images, and put them in the camel's furniture, and sat upon them. And Laban searched all the tent, but found them not. 
And she said to her father, Let it not displease my lord that I cannot rise u
165,ael shall keep himself to the inheritance of the tribe of his fathers. 
And every daughter, that possesseth an inheritance in any tribe of the children of Israel, sh
219,pen thine hand wide unto thy brother, to thy poor, and to thy needy, in thy land. 
And if thy brother, an Hebrew man, or an Hebrew woman, be sold unto thee, and serve thee six years; then in the seventh year thou shalt 
231,Knowest thou not that the Philistines are rulers over us? what is this that thou hast done unto us? And he said unto them, As they did unto me, so have I done unto them. 
And they said unto him, We are come down to bind thee, that 
223,ndred. 
Thou that dwellest in the gardens, the companions hearken to thy voice: cause me to hear it. 
Make haste, my beloved, and be thou like to a roe or to a young hart upon the mountains of spices. 
The vision of Isaiah 
183,t doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven. 
Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy na
215,ised to David thy father, saying, There shall not fail thee a man upon the throne of Israel. 
But if ye shall at all turn from following me, ye or your children, and will not keep my commandments and my statutes whi
184,and draw near to battle. 
Harness the horses; and get up, ye horsemen, and stand forth with your helmets; furbish the spears, and put on the brigandines. 
Wherefore have I seen them di
187,he time thereof, and my wine in the season thereof, and will recover my wool and my flax given to cover her nakedness. 
And now will I discover her lewdness in the sight of her lovers, an
231, labour of my hands, and rebuked thee yesternight. 
And Laban answered and said unto Jacob, These daughters are my daughters, and these children are my children, and these cattle are my cattle, and all that thou seest is mine: and 
234, Eleazar came down from the mount. 
And when all the congregation saw that Aaron was dead, they mourned for Aaron thirty days, even all the house of Israel. 
And when king Arad the Canaanite, which dwelt in the south, heard tell that 
228,them. 
This wisdom have I seen also under the sun, and it seemed great unto me: 
There was a little city, and few men within it; and there came a great king against it, and besieged it, and built great bulwarks against it: 
Now 
221,y the Holy Ghost. 
But there were false prophets also among the people, even as there shall be false teachers among you, who privily shall bring in damnable heresies, even denying the Lord that bought them, and bring upon
227,me to pass, when Moses went out unto the tabernacle, that all the people rose up, and stood every man at his tent door, and looked after Moses, until he was gone into the tabernacle. 
And it came to pass, as Moses entered into 
222,therefore go, and I will be with thy mouth, and teach thee what thou shalt say. 
And he said, O my LORD, send, I pray thee, by the hand of him whom thou wilt send. 
And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Moses, and 
192,e name of the LORD: for his name alone is excellent; his glory is above the earth and heaven. 
He also exalteth the horn of his people, the praise of all his saints; even of the children of Is
235,ere in those quarters: for they knew all that his father was a Greek. 
And as they went through the cities, they delivered them the decrees for to keep, that were ordained of the apostles and elders which were at Jerusalem. 
And so wer
222,halt not be afraid of him. 
When the LORD thy God hath cut off the nations, whose land the LORD thy God giveth thee, and thou succeedest them, and dwellest in their cities, and in their houses; 
Thou shalt separate three c
188,e one of the seven angels which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and talked with me, saying, Come hither, I will shew thee the bride, the Lamb's wife. 
And he carried me
226,f hypocrites shall be desolate, and fire shall consume the tabernacles of bribery. 
They conceive mischief, and bring forth vanity, and their belly prepareth deceit. 
Then Job answered and said, 
I have heard many such things:
191,y that bare the ark of the LORD had gone six paces, he sacrificed oxen and fatlings. 
And David danced before the LORD with all his might; and David was girded with a linen ephod. 
So David a
210, of them from the earth. 
The righteous cry, and the LORD heareth, and delivereth them out of all their troubles. 
The LORD is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart; and saveth such as be of a contrite spir
195,s chain. 
And they said unto him, We neither received letters out of Judaea concerning thee, neither any of the brethren that came shewed or spake any harm of thee. 
But we desire to hear of thee
226, yet a little while, and I will avenge the blood of Jezreel upon the house of Jehu, and will cause to cease the kingdom of the house of Israel. 
And it shall come to pass at that day, that I will break the bow of Israel, in th
173,me to Jerusalem for to worship, 
Was returning, and sitting in his chariot read Esaias the prophet. 
Then the Spirit said unto Philip, Go near, and join thyself to this char
194,maria: and Ahab his son reigned in his stead. 
And in the thirty and eighth year of Asa king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel: and Ahab the son of Omri reigned over Israe
204,ee from sin, and become servants to God, ye have your fruit unto holiness, and the end everlasting life. 
For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. 
164,as thou hast walked before me. 
Now then, O LORD God of Israel, let thy word be verified, which thou hast spoken unto thy servant David. 
But will God in very deed 
214,l of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them: and they were sore afraid. 
And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be
178, place for thy dwelling for ever. 
And the king turned his face, and blessed the whole congregation of Israel: and all the congregation of Israel stood. 
And he said, Blessed be 
225, unto them as unto the Midianites; as to Sisera, as to Jabin, at the brook of Kison: 
Which perished at Endor: they became as dung for the earth. 
Make their nobles like Oreb, and like Zeeb: yea, all their princes as Zebah, a
221,t. 
I know both how to be abased, and I know how to abound: every where and in all things I am instructed both to be full and to be hungry, both to abound and to suffer need. 
I can do all things through Christ which stre
200,at offering; I give it all. 
And king David said to Ornan, Nay; but I will verily buy it for the full price: for I will not take that which is thine for the LORD, nor offer burnt offerings without cos
208,kets, and the highest seats in the synagogues, and the chief rooms at feasts; 
Which devour widows' houses, and for a shew make long prayers: the same shall receive greater damnation. 
And he looked up, and s
190,bread, and after he had drunk, that he saddled for him the ass, to wit, for the prophet whom he had brought back. 
And when he was gone, a lion met him by the way, and slew him: and his carc
173,em, When I bring the sword upon a land, if the people of the land take a man of their coasts, and set him for their watchman: 
If when he seeth the sword come upon the land,
217,of his hand. 
And David arose, and he passed over with the six hundred men that were with him unto Achish, the son of Maoch, king of Gath. 
And David dwelt with Achish at Gath, he and his men, every man with his house
179,iply thee, that thou mayest be a multitude of people; 
And give thee the blessing of Abraham, to thee, and to thy seed with thee; that thou mayest inherit the land wherein thou ar
168, 
And he that regarded not the word of the LORD left his servants and his cattle in the field. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch forth thine hand toward heaven, th
169,s, having men's persons in admiration because of advantage. 
But, beloved, remember ye the words which were spoken before of the apostles of our Lord Jesus Christ; 
How 
172,Shochoh and Azekah, in Ephesdammim. 
And Saul and the men of Israel were gathered together, and pitched by the valley of Elah, and set the battle in array against the Phili
220,e shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me. 
Sing and rejoice, O daughter of Zion: for, lo, I come, and I will dwell in the midst of thee, saith the LORD. 
And many nations shall be joined to the LORD in that day, 
160,, that thou mayest live. 
And the LORD thy God will put all these curses upon thine enemies, and on them that hate thee, which persecuted thee. 
And thou shalt 
191,nd they drew nigh unto the village, whither they went: and he made as though he would have gone further. 
But they constrained him, saying, Abide with us: for it is toward evening, and the da
230,that overcometh will I give to eat of the tree of life, which is in the midst of the paradise of God. 
And unto the angel of the church in Smyrna write; These things saith the first and the last, which was dead, and is alive; 
I k
216, go; why should I kill thee? 
So David fled, and escaped, and came to Samuel to Ramah, and told him all that Saul had done to him. And he and Samuel went and dwelt in Naioth. 
And it was told Saul, saying, Behold, Da
212,y of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man, and to birds, and fourfooted beasts, and creeping things. 
Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lusts of their own hear
225,ael were gathered against the city, knit together as one man. 
And the tribes of Israel sent men through all the tribe of Benjamin, saying, What wickedness is this that is done among you? 
Now therefore deliver us the men, th
174,of the camp of Reuben according to their armies: and the captain of the children of Reuben shall be Elizur the son of Shedeur. 
And his host, and those that were numbered the
190,nto the Jews that were in Judah and Jerusalem in the name of the God of Israel, even unto them. 
Then rose up Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and began to bui
160, and in Jerusalem; for Judah hath profaned the holiness of the LORD which he loved, and hath married the daughter of a strange god. 
The LORD will cut off the m
201,fice, the priest's servant came, while the flesh was in seething, with a fleshhook of three teeth in his hand; 
And he struck it into the pan, or kettle, or caldron, or pot; all that the fleshhook brou
234,the thirtieth year, in the fourth month, in the fifth day of the month, as I was among the captives by the river of Chebar, that the heavens were opened, and I saw visions of God. 
In the fifth day of the month, which was the fifth ye
164,their lands out of mine hand? 
Who was there among all the gods of those nations that my fathers utterly destroyed, that could deliver his people out of mine hand, 
192,fess the sins of the children of Israel, which we have sinned against thee: both I and my father's house have sinned. 
We have dealt very corruptly against thee, and have not kept the commandm
214,r of Mordecai fell upon them. 
For Mordecai was great in the king's house, and his fame went out throughout all the provinces: for this man Mordecai waxed greater and greater. 
Thus the Jews smote all their enemies
233,swered and said to the king, O Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter. 
If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace, and he will deliver us out of thine hand, O ki
212, all my glory in Egypt, and of all that ye have seen; and ye shall haste and bring down my father hither. 
And he fell upon his brother Benjamin's neck, and wept; and Benjamin wept upon his neck. 
Moreover he kis
192,n it of the strength of the iron, forasmuch as thou sawest the iron mixed with miry clay. 
And as the toes of the feet were part of iron, and part of clay, so the kingdom shall be partly stron
238,f the reign of Nebuchadnezzar Nebuchadnezzar dreamed dreams, wherewith his spirit was troubled, and his sleep brake from him. 
Then the king commanded to call the magicians, and the astrologers, and the sorcerers, and the Chaldeans, for t
163, children of Jacob his chosen. 
He is the LORD our God: his judgments are in all the earth. 
He hath remembered his covenant for ever, the word which he commanded 
187,hich is just and equal; knowing that ye also have a Master in heaven. 
Continue in prayer, and watch in the same with thanksgiving; 
Withal praying also for us, that God would open unto u
185,ou shalt be called, The repairer of the breach, The restorer of paths to dwell in. 
If thou turn away thy foot from the sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the sab
177,m, he was parted from them, and carried up into heaven. 
And they worshipped him, and returned to Jerusalem with great joy: 
And were continually in the temple, praising and ble
219,e hedge, and stand in the gap before me for the land, that I should not destroy it: but I found none. 
Therefore have I poured out mine indignation upon them; I have consumed them with the fire of my wrath: their own wa
179,milies: and the house of their fathers increased greatly. 
And they went to the entrance of Gedor, even unto the east side of the valley, to seek pasture for their flocks. 
And th
218,t of the people; and they came and did work in the house of the LORD of hosts, their God, 
In the four and twentieth day of the sixth month, in the second year of Darius the king. 
In the seventh month, in the one and 
228,hast defied. 
This day will the LORD deliver thee into mine hand; and I will smite thee, and take thine head from thee; and I will give the carcases of the host of the Philistines this day unto the fowls of the air, and to the w
232, the king. 
And Saul said, Hear now, thou son of Ahitub. And he answered, Here I am, my lord. 
And Saul said unto him, Why have ye conspired against me, thou and the son of Jesse, in that thou hast given him bread, and a sword, and 
228,emember, O LORD, the children of Edom in the day of Jerusalem; who said, Rase it, rase it, even to the foundation thereof. 
O daughter of Babylon, who art to be destroyed; happy shall he be, that rewardeth thee as thou hast serv
197,e after him shall be astonied at his day, as they that went before were affrighted. 
Surely such are the dwellings of the wicked, and this is the place of him that knoweth not God. 
Then Job answer
162,, wherein I dwell: for I the LORD dwell among the children of Israel. 
And the chief fathers of the families of the children of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son
170,ubject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God. 
Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance
198,hey saw the miracles which he did. 
But Jesus did not commit himself unto them, because he knew all men, 
And needed not that any should testify of man: for he knew what was in man. 
There was a man
233, among the gods. 
How long will ye judge unjustly, and accept the persons of the wicked? Selah. 
Defend the poor and fatherless: do justice to the afflicted and needy. 
Deliver the poor and needy: rid them out of the hand of the wick
175, away, and cometh not again. 
How oft did they provoke him in the wilderness, and grieve him in the desert! 
Yea, they turned back and tempted God, and limited the Holy One of
201,rother: yet is there no end of all his labour; neither is his eye satisfied with riches; neither saith he, For whom do I labour, and bereave my soul of good? This is also vanity, yea, it is a sore trav
162, thy manservant, and thy maidservant, and the Levite that is within thy gates, and the stranger, and the fatherless, and the widow, that are among you, in the pla
230, be called any more Jacob, but Israel shall be thy name: and he called his name Israel. 
And God said unto him, I am God Almighty: be fruitful and multiply; a nation and a company of nations shall be of thee, and kings shall come 
201,r: 
Neither shall ye build house, nor sow seed, nor plant vineyard, nor have any: but all your days ye shall dwell in tents; that ye may live many days in the land where ye be strangers. 
Thus have we 
178,chants: they traded the persons of men and vessels of brass in thy market. 
They of the house of Togarmah traded in thy fairs with horses and horsemen and mules. 
The men of Deda
219,is renewed day by day. 
For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, worketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory; 
While we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are 
231,men, because ye have overcome the wicked one. I write unto you, little children, because ye have known the Father. 
I have written unto you, fathers, because ye have known him that is from the beginning. I have written unto you, yo
238, the host: 
And thou shalt hear what they say; and afterward shall thine hands be strengthened to go down unto the host. Then went he down with Phurah his servant unto the outside of the armed men that were in the host. 
And the Midianite
214,ot wake, saith the King, whose name is the LORD of hosts. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; The broad walls of Babylon shall be utterly broken, and her high gates shall be burned with fire; and the people shall labour
196,m that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat. 
But there was none like unto Ahab, which did sell himself to work wickedness in the sight of the LORD, whom Jezebel his wife stirred up. 
217,ntinually be in my mouth. 
My soul shall make her boast in the LORD: the humble shall hear thereof, and be glad. 
O magnify the LORD with me, and let us exalt his name together. 
I sought the LORD, and he heard me, an
216,Babylon, but she is not healed: forsake her, and let us go every one into his own country: for her judgment reacheth unto heaven, and is lifted up even to the skies. 
The LORD hath brought forth our righteousness: co
188,hide their eyes from the man, when he giveth of his seed unto Molech, and kill him not: 
Then I will set my face against that man, and against his family, and will cut him off, and all tha
221,shall the matter be established. 
If a false witness rise up against any man to testify against him that which is wrong; 
Then both the men, between whom the controversy is, shall stand before the LORD, before the priests
161,es: and the years of the life of Amram were an hundred and thirty and seven years. 
And the sons of Izhar; Korah, and Nepheg, and Zichri. 
And the sons of Uzziel
208,y carried away very much spoil. 
And they smote all the cities round about Gerar; for the fear of the LORD came upon them: and they spoiled all the cities; for there was exceeding much spoil in them. 
They sm
214,f the tribe of Reuben; Elizur the son of Shedeur. 
Of Simeon; Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai. 
Of Judah; Nahshon the son of Amminadab. 
Of Issachar; Nethaneel the son of Zuar. 
Of Zebulun; Eliab the son of Helon.
203,a to Jerusalem. 
Then the high priest and the chief of the Jews informed him against Paul, and besought him, 
And desired favour against him, that he would send for him to Jerusalem, laying wait in the w
164,Solomon the son of David, is risen up, and hath rebelled against his lord. 
And there are gathered unto him vain men, the children of Belial, and have strengthened 
204, should be to day one tribe lacking in Israel? 
And it came to pass on the morrow, that the people rose early, and built there an altar, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings. 
And the children 
190,hy days be fulfilled, and thou shalt sleep with thy fathers, I will set up thy seed after thee, which shall proceed out of thy bowels, and I will establish his kingdom. 
He shall build an ho
225,termined that we should sail into Italy, they delivered Paul and certain other prisoners unto one named Julius, a centurion of Augustus' band. 
And entering into a ship of Adramyttium, we launched, meaning to sail by the coas
229,to them, If the children of Gad and the children of Reuben will pass with you over Jordan, every man armed to battle, before the LORD, and the land shall be subdued before you; then ye shall give them the land of Gilead for a pos
194, with God. For it is written, He taketh the wise in their own craftiness. 
And again, The Lord knoweth the thoughts of the wise, that they are vain. 
Therefore let no man glory in men. For all t
222,f Edom; he will discover thy sins. 
Remember, O LORD, what is come upon us: consider, and behold our reproach. 
Our inheritance is turned to strangers, our houses to aliens. 
We are orphans and fatherless, our mothers are 
228,coming to you. 
But now having no more place in these parts, and having a great desire these many years to come unto you; 
Whensoever I take my journey into Spain, I will come to you: for I trust to see you in my journey, and to
205,, that he die; 
Or in enmity smite him with his hand, that he die: he that smote him shall surely be put to death; for he is a murderer: the revenger of blood shall slay the murderer, when he meeteth him. 
201,rchants: they occupied in thy fairs with chief of all spices, and with all precious stones, and gold. 
Haran, and Canneh, and Eden, the merchants of Sheba, Asshur, and Chilmad, were thy merchants. 
The
234, remnant of them the fire consumeth. 
Acquaint now thyself with him, and be at peace: thereby good shall come unto thee. 
Receive, I pray thee, the law from his mouth, and lay up his words in thine heart. 
If thou return to the Almigh
205,or with a strong hand shall he let them go, and with a strong hand shall he drive them out of his land. 
And God spake unto Moses, and said unto him, I am the LORD: 
And I appeared unto Abraham, unto Isaac
193,crown wherewith his mother crowned him in the day of his espousals, and in the day of the gladness of his heart. 
Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair; thou hast doves' eyes wi
228,m judges about the space of four hundred and fifty years, until Samuel the prophet. 
And afterward they desired a king: and God gave unto them Saul the son of Cis, a man of the tribe of Benjamin, by the space of forty years. 
An
238,er, the price of him that was valued, whom they of the children of Israel did value; 
And gave them for the potter's field, as the Lord appointed me. 
And Jesus stood before the governor: and the governor asked him, saying, Art thou the K
161,l send thee, and whatsoever I command thee thou shalt speak. 
Be not afraid of their faces: for I am with thee to deliver thee, saith the LORD. 
Then the LORD pu
226,riah, 
Prove thy servants, I beseech thee, ten days; and let them give us pulse to eat, and water to drink. 
Then let our countenances be looked upon before thee, and the countenance of the children that eat of the portion of 
232,sked him, and said, Tell me, I pray thee, thy name. And he said, Wherefore is it that thou dost ask after my name? And he blessed him there. 
And Jacob called the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God face to face, and my li
228,nd she went and told them that had been with him, as they mourned and wept. 
And they, when they had heard that he was alive, and had been seen of her, believed not. 
After that he appeared in another form unto two of them, as t
212,the LORD, and their faces toward the east; and they worshipped the sun toward the east. 
Then he said unto me, Hast thou seen this, O son of man? Is it a light thing to the house of Judah that they commit the abo
198, us, that would come from thence. 
Then he said, I pray thee therefore, father, that thou wouldest send him to my father's house: 
For I have five brethren; that he may testify unto them, lest they 
209, you) lest the anger of the LORD thy God be kindled against thee, and destroy thee from off the face of the earth. 
Ye shall not tempt the LORD your God, as ye tempted him in Massah. 
Ye shall diligently keep 
172,es of an ephah of flour: the flesh he put in a basket, and he put the broth in a pot, and brought it out unto him under the oak, and presented it. 
And the angel of God sai
169,les and towers. 
He fought also with the king of the Ammonites, and prevailed against them. And the children of Ammon gave him the same year an hundred talents of silver
175,e land, that they might do with them as they would. 
And they took strong cities, and a fat land, and possessed houses full of all goods, wells digged, vineyards, and oliveyar
225,ultiplied, what doest thou unto him? 
If thou be righteous, what givest thou him? or what receiveth he of thine hand? 
Thy wickedness may hurt a man as thou art; and thy righteousness may profit the son of man. 
By reason of 
183, came into the city, into an inner chamber. 
And his servants said unto him, Behold now, we have heard that the kings of the house of Israel are merciful kings: let us, I pray thee, p
194,derstandeth it; which also beareth fruit, and bringeth forth, some an hundredfold, some sixty, some thirty. 
Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is likened unto
233,eba, which belongeth to Judah, and left his servant there. 
But he himself went a day's journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down under a juniper tree: and he requested for himself that he might die; and said, It is enough; 
174, began Baasha the son of Ahijah to reign over all Israel in Tirzah, twenty and four years. 
And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of Jeroboam, and i
228,n his shoulders, rejoicing. 
And when he cometh home, he calleth together his friends and neighbours, saying unto them, Rejoice with me; for I have found my sheep which was lost. 
I say unto you, that likewise joy shall be in he
183,ens also, and came down: and darkness was under his feet. 
And he rode upon a cherub, and did fly: yea, he did fly upon the wings of the wind. 
He made darkness his secret place; his 
237,d said, Hear ye the words of the great king, the king of Assyria. 
Thus saith the king, Let not Hezekiah deceive you: for he shall not be able to deliver you. 
Neither let Hezekiah make you trust in the LORD, saying, The LORD will surely
163,h not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord; and ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake. 
For God, who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in
165,l that I command thee this day, thou and thy children, with all thine heart, and with all thy soul; 
That then the LORD thy God will turn thy captivity, and have com
231, Moses, so he made the candlestick. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Take the Levites from among the children of Israel, and cleanse them. 
And thus shalt thou do unto them, to cleanse them: Sprinkle water of purifying upon
173,s lifted up, they will not see: but they shall see, and be ashamed for their envy at the people; yea, the fire of thine enemies shall devour them. 
LORD, thou wilt ordain pe
190, the king is come again in peace unto his own house. 
And Barzillai the Gileadite came down from Rogelim, and went over Jordan with the king, to conduct him over Jordan. 
Now Barzillai was a
186, a great many. 
And we utterly destroyed them, as we did unto Sihon king of Heshbon, utterly destroying the men, women, and children, of every city. 
But all the cattle, and the spoil of
177,ll fall for thy sake. 
Behold, I have created the smith that bloweth the coals in the fire, and that bringeth forth an instrument for his work; and I have created the waster to 
185,For his princes were at Zoan, and his ambassadors came to Hanes. 
They were all ashamed of a people that could not profit them, nor be an help nor profit, but a shame, and also a reproa
177,ay unto thee in a time when thou mayest be found: surely in the floods of great waters they shall not come nigh unto him. 
Thou art my hiding place; thou shalt preserve me from 
223,God, and of the Father, and of Christ; 
In whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge. 
And this I say, lest any man should beguile you with enticing words. 
For though I be absent in the flesh, yet am I with yo
200,s? 
Woe unto him that saith unto his father, What begettest thou? or to the woman, What hast thou brought forth? 
Thus saith the LORD, the Holy One of Israel, and his Maker, Ask me of things to come c
168,nd all his servants stood by with their clothes rent. 
And Jonadab, the son of Shimeah David's brother, answered and said, Let not my lord suppose that they have slain 
237,ty out of the hand of the king of Assyria: and I will defend this city. 
And this shall be a sign unto thee from the LORD, that the LORD will do this thing that he hath spoken; 
Behold, I will bring again the shadow of the degrees, which
181,, and Johanan and Jonathan the sons of Kareah, and Seraiah the son of Tanhumeth, and the sons of Ephai the Netophathite, and Jezaniah the son of a Maachathite, they and their men. 

240,l he make restitution. 
If fire break out, and catch in thorns, so that the stacks of corn, or the standing corn, or the field, be consumed therewith; he that kindled the fire shall surely make restitution. 
If a man shall deliver unto his 
209,I, but the grace of God which was with me. 
Therefore whether it were I or they, so we preach, and so ye believed. 
Now if Christ be preached that he rose from the dead, how say some among you that there is no
192, they shall walk up and down in his name, saith the LORD. 
Open thy doors, O Lebanon, that the fire may devour thy cedars. 
Howl, fir tree; for the cedar is fallen; because the mighty are spoi
170,ve not known the depths of Satan, as they speak; I will put upon you none other burden. 
But that which ye have already hold fast till I come. 
And he that overcometh, an
209,cy, for his great love wherewith he loved us, 
Even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, (by grace ye are saved;) 
And hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heav
172, my shepherd, and shall perform all my pleasure: even saying to Jerusalem, Thou shalt be built; and to the temple, Thy foundation shall be laid. 
Thus saith the LORD to his
224,feed thereupon: in the houses of Ashkelon shall they lie down in the evening: for the LORD their God shall visit them, and turn away their captivity. 
I have heard the reproach of Moab, and the revilings of the children of A
213,hright. 
For Judah prevailed above his brethren, and of him came the chief ruler; but the birthright was Joseph's:) 
The sons, I say, of Reuben the firstborn of Israel were, Hanoch, and Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi. 

207, the dust. 
Pass ye away, thou inhabitant of Saphir, having thy shame naked: the inhabitant of Zaanan came not forth in the mourning of Bethezel; he shall receive of you his standing. 
For the inhabitant of 
193, six cities shall ye have for refuge. 
Ye shall give three cities on this side Jordan, and three cities shall ye give in the land of Canaan, which shall be cities of refuge. 
These six cities s
223,f all their enemies before them; the LORD delivered all their enemies into their hand. 
There failed not ought of any good thing which the LORD had spoken unto the house of Israel; all came to pass. 
Then Joshua called the 
212, the children of Dan set up the graven image: and Jonathan, the son of Gershom, the son of Manasseh, he and his sons were priests to the tribe of Dan until the day of the captivity of the land. 
And they set them
182, well as unto you, and until they also possess the land which the LORD your God hath given them beyond Jordan: and then shall ye return every man unto his possession, which I have gi
188,nderstood not thy wonders in Egypt; they remembered not the multitude of thy mercies; but provoked him at the sea, even at the Red sea. 
Nevertheless he saved them for his name's sake, tha
167,hat the net may be even to the midst of the altar. 
And thou shalt make staves for the altar, staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with brass. 
And the staves shal
197, of Egypt, from whence ye came out, where thou sowedst thy seed, and wateredst it with thy foot, as a garden of herbs: 
But the land, whither ye go to possess it, is a land of hills and valleys, an
177, lost, because his separation was defiled. 
And this is the law of the Nazarite, when the days of his separation are fulfilled: he shall be brought unto the door of the tabernac
201,til even. 
And whatsoever the unclean person toucheth shall be unclean; and the soul that toucheth it shall be unclean until even. 
Then came the children of Israel, even the whole congregation, into t
170,shall die in the place whither they have led him captive, and shall see this land no more. 
Woe unto him that buildeth his house by unrighteousness, and his chambers by w
182,have much cattle,) shall abide in your cities which I have given you; 
Until the LORD have given rest unto your brethren, as well as unto you, and until they also possess the land wh
169,ne to save them: even unto the LORD, but he answered them not. 
Then did I beat them small as the dust before the wind: I did cast them out as the dirt in the streets. 

233,he soles of the priests' feet were lifted up unto the dry land, that the waters of Jordan returned unto their place, and flowed over all his banks, as they did before. 
And the people came up out of Jordan on the tenth day of the fir
199,of the dead, both of the just and unjust. 
And herein do I exercise myself, to have always a conscience void to offence toward God, and toward men. 
Now after many years I came to bring alms to my na
184, house, and burnt the king's house over him with fire, and died. 
For his sins which he sinned in doing evil in the sight of the LORD, in walking in the way of Jeroboam, and in his sin
220,ere numbered four hundred thousand men that drew sword: all these were men of war. 
And the children of Israel arose, and went up to the house of God, and asked counsel of God, and said, Which of us shall go up first to 
231,even according to all things for the which the LORD thy God shall send thee to us. 
Whether it be good, or whether it be evil, we will obey the voice of the LORD our God, to whom we send thee; that it may be well with us, when we o
168, the evening and the morning were the fourth day. 
And God said, Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath life, and fowl that may fly above t
240, died; and the river stank, and the Egyptians could not drink of the water of the river; and there was blood throughout all the land of Egypt. 
And the magicians of Egypt did so with their enchantments: and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, nei
197, heal his servant. 
And when they came to Jesus, they besought him instantly, saying, That he was worthy for whom he should do this: 
For he loveth our nation, and he hath built us a synagogue. 
Th
208,nty cubits which were for the inner court, and over against the pavement which was for the utter court, was gallery against gallery in three stories. 
And before the chambers was a walk to ten cubits breadth 
187,gold, and put the rings upon the four corners that were in the four feet thereof. 
Over against the border were the rings, the places for the staves to bear the table. 
And he made the st
227,'s gate, two of the king's chamberlains, Bigthan and Teresh, of those which kept the door, were wroth, and sought to lay hands on the king Ahasuerus. 
And the thing was known to Mordecai, who told it unto Esther the queen; and 
217,the land of Israel. 
But when he heard that Archelaus did reign in Judaea in the room of his father Herod, he was afraid to go thither: notwithstanding, being warned of God in a dream, he turned aside into the parts o
204,the LORD our God, and worship at his holy hill; for the LORD our God is holy. 
Make a joyful noise unto the LORD, all ye lands. 
Serve the LORD with gladness: come before his presence with singing. 
Know 
174,ght in the south wind. 
He rained flesh also upon them as dust, and feathered fowls like as the sand of the sea: 
And he let it fall in the midst of their camp, round about t
222,arken unto him: and they shall be wanderers among the nations. 
Israel is an empty vine, he bringeth forth fruit unto himself: according to the multitude of his fruit he hath increased the altars; according to the goodness
211,e shadow of death, to guide our feet into the way of peace. 
And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, and was in the deserts till the day of his shewing unto Israel. 
And it came to pass in those days, th
224,hose house are we, if we hold fast the confidence and the rejoicing of the hope firm unto the end. 
Wherefore (as the Holy Ghost saith, To day if ye will hear his voice, 
Harden not your hearts, as in the provocation, in the
212, were smitten before Israel. 
And the men of Israel went out of Mizpeh, and pursued the Philistines, and smote them, until they came under Bethcar. 
Then Samuel took a stone, and set it between Mizpeh and Shen, a
176, not pass his commandment: when he appointed the foundations of the earth: 
Then I was by him, as one brought up with him: and I was daily his delight, rejoicing always before 
160, I say unto you, All sins shall be forgiven unto the sons of men, and blasphemies wherewith soever they shall blaspheme: 
But he that shall blaspheme against th
168, by Haggai the prophet, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Ask now the priests concerning the law, saying, 
If one bear holy flesh in the skirt of his garment, and 
224,he king's chamberlains, and hasted to bring Haman unto the banquet that Esther had prepared. 
So the king and Haman came to banquet with Esther the queen. 
And the king said again unto Esther on the second day at the banquet
215,them, and their soul also abhorred me. 
Then said I, I will not feed you: that that dieth, let it die; and that that is to be cut off, let it be cut off; and let the rest eat every one the flesh of another. 
And I t
162,hey buried the people that lusted. 
And the people journeyed from Kibrothhattaavah unto Hazeroth; and abode at Hazeroth. 
And Miriam and Aaron spake against Moses
160,d so will I keep myself. 
As the truth of Christ is in me, no man shall stop me of this boasting in the regions of Achaia. 
Wherefore? because I love you not? G
235, fell down, and there was none to help. 
Then they cried unto the LORD in their trouble, and he saved them out of their distresses. 
He brought them out of darkness and the shadow of death, and brake their bands in sunder. 
Oh that men
185,ur transgressions nor your sins. 
If ye forsake the LORD, and serve strange gods, then he will turn and do you hurt, and consume you, after that he hath done you good. 
And the people s
189,ek thee: and when they said, He is not there; he took an oath of the kingdom and nation, that they found thee not. 
And now thou sayest, Go, tell thy lord, Behold, Elijah is here. 
And it s
199, Michaiah, the son of Zaccur, the son of Asaph: 
And his brethren, Shemaiah, and Azarael, Milalai, Gilalai, Maai, Nethaneel, and Judah, Hanani, with the musical instruments of David the man of God, a
231,not to one of the least of these, ye did it not to me. 
And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal. 
And it came to pass, when Jesus had finished all these sayings, he said unto his dis
194,rd thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I will add unto thy days fifteen years. 
And I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria: and I will defend this city. 
202, shew it unto you. 
All things that the Father hath are mine: therefore said I, that he shall take of mine, and shall shew it unto you. 
A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little whil
211,
Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, Ye shall eat no manner of fat, of ox, or of sheep, or of goat. 
And the fat of the beast that dieth of itself, and the fat of that which is torn with beasts, may be us
200,pake unto us: it shall be therefore a witness unto you, lest ye deny your God. 
So Joshua let the people depart, every man unto his inheritance. 
And it came to pass after these things, that Joshua th
220,o go up with me. 
These are now the chief of their fathers, and this is the genealogy of them that went up with me from Babylon, in the reign of Artaxerxes the king. 
Of the sons of Phinehas; Gershom: of the sons of Itha
168,d and evil, they shall go in thither, and unto them will I give it, and they shall possess it. 
But as for you, turn you, and take your journey into the wilderness by t
226,cerning the prophets that prophesy in my name, and I sent them not, yet they say, Sword and famine shall not be in this land; By sword and famine shall those prophets be consumed. 
And the people to whom they prophesy shall be
203, day of the ninth month, even in Chisleu; 
When they had sent unto the house of God Sherezer and Regemmelech, and their men, to pray before the LORD, 
And to speak unto the priests which were in the hous
188, sent him to them, even all these words, 
Then spake Azariah the son of Hoshaiah, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the proud men, saying unto Jeremiah, Thou speakest falsely: the LOR
174, shall come to pass, when ye shall say, Wherefore doeth the LORD our God all these things unto us? then shalt thou answer them, Like as ye have forsaken me, and served strang
169, from the dead, and should shew light unto the people, and to the Gentiles. 
And as he thus spake for himself, Festus said with a loud voice, Paul, thou art beside thyse
206,ough I had already attained, either were already perfect: but I follow after, if that I may apprehend that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus. 
Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended:
221,ll make you fishers of men. 
And they straightway left their nets, and followed him. 
And going on from thence, he saw other two brethren, James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, in a ship with Zebedee their fathe
199,y know him. 
And the man, the master of the house, went out unto them, and said unto them, Nay, my brethren, nay, I pray you, do not so wickedly; seeing that this man is come into mine house, do not 
165,t of the Jews: 
And how I kept back nothing that was profitable unto you, but have shewed you, and have taught you publickly, and from house to house, 
Testifying bo
166,gation, 
Even those that were numbered of them, throughout their families, by the house of their fathers, were two thousand and six hundred and thirty. 
These are the
230,, Bavai the son of Henadad, the ruler of the half part of Keilah. 
And next to him repaired Ezer the son of Jeshua, the ruler of Mizpah, another piece over against the going up to the armoury at the turning of the wall. 
After him
216,s of the host of the king of Assyria, which took Manasseh among the thorns, and bound him with fetters, and carried him to Babylon. 
And when he was in affliction, he besought the LORD his God, and humbled himself gr
238,tteth and cleaveth wood upon the earth. 
But mine eyes are unto thee, O GOD the Lord: in thee is my trust; leave not my soul destitute. 
Keep me from the snares which they have laid for me, and the gins of the workers of iniquity. 
Let th
219,smuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office: 
If by any means I may provoke to emulation them which are my flesh, and might save some of them. 
For if the casting away of them be the reconciling of 
232,he men children alive. 
And the king of Egypt called for the midwives, and said unto them, Why have ye done this thing, and have saved the men children alive? 
And the midwives said unto Pharaoh, Because the Hebrew women are not as 
237,ings: and grant unto thy servants, that with all boldness they may speak thy word, 
By stretching forth thine hand to heal; and that signs and wonders may be done by the name of thy holy child Jesus. 
And when they had prayed, the place 
170,ves to be but men. Selah. 
Why standest thou afar off, O LORD? why hidest thou thyself in times of trouble? 
The wicked in his pride doth persecute the poor: let them be 
193,is day. 
And now for a little space grace hath been shewed from the LORD our God, to leave us a remnant to escape, and to give us a nail in his holy place, that our God may lighten our eyes, an
179,ipped God, behold, Hushai the Archite came to meet him with his coat rent, and earth upon his head: 
Unto whom David said, If thou passest on with me, then thou shalt be a burden 
177, another; and other five curtains shall be coupled one to another. 
And thou shalt make loops of blue upon the edge of the one curtain from the selvedge in the coupling; and lik
232,of darkness; 
Who rejoice to do evil, and delight in the frowardness of the wicked; 
Whose ways are crooked, and they froward in their paths: 
To deliver thee from the strange woman, even from the stranger which flattereth with her 
239,walk among you, and will be your God, and ye shall be my people. 
I am the LORD your God, which brought you forth out of the land of Egypt, that ye should not be their bondmen; and I have broken the bands of your yoke, and made you go upri
169,e work of the LORD: for it is a terrible thing that I will do with thee. 
Observe thou that which I command thee this day: behold, I drive out before thee the Amorite, a
182,nd they called his name Obed: he is the father of Jesse, the father of David. 
Now these are the generations of Pharez: Pharez begat Hezron, 
And Hezron begat Ram, and Ram begat Ammi
161,th thee. 
At the end of three years thou shalt bring forth all the tithe of thine increase the same year, and shalt lay it up within thy gates: 
And the Levite, 
229,ly at the sepulchre; 
And when they found not his body, they came, saying, that they had also seen a vision of angels, which said that he was alive. 
And certain of them which were with us went to the sepulchre, and found it even
173, 
And when Jesus departed thence, two blind men followed him, crying, and saying, Thou son of David, have mercy on us. 
And when he was come into the house, the blind men ca
240,
And after the uproar was ceased, Paul called unto him the disciples, and embraced them, and departed for to go into Macedonia. 
And when he had gone over those parts, and had given them much exhortation, he came into Greece, 
And there abo
170,ses that were lost three days ago, set not thy mind on them; for they are found. And on whom is all the desire of Israel? Is it not on thee, and on all thy father's house
179,ng, Blessing, and honour, and glory, and power, be unto him that sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb for ever and ever. 
And the four beasts said, Amen. And the four and tw
237,ute any thing unto his servant, nor to all the house of my father: for thy servant knew nothing of all this, less or more. 
And the king said, Thou shalt surely die, Ahimelech, thou, and all thy father's house. 
And the king said unto th
219,out of Mesopotamia, and out of Syriamaachah, and out of Zobah. 
So they hired thirty and two thousand chariots, and the king of Maachah and his people; who came and pitched before Medeba. And the children of Ammon gathe
166,f the disciples was multiplied, there arose a murmuring of the Grecians against the Hebrews, because their widows were neglected in the daily ministration. 
Then the 
221,hitherto, and I work. 
Therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him, because he not only had broken the sabbath, but said also that God was his Father, making himself equal with God. 
Then answered Jesus and said unto t
235,LORD thy God shall choose to place his name there. 
And thou shalt go unto the priest that shall be in those days, and say unto him, I profess this day unto the LORD thy God, that I am come unto the country which the LORD sware unto ou
231,re unto the LORD, and said, O Lord GOD, destroy not thy people and thine inheritance, which thou hast redeemed through thy greatness, which thou hast brought forth out of Egypt with a mighty hand. 
Remember thy servants, Abraham, I
188,
And, behold, men passed by, and saw the carcase cast in the way, and the lion standing by the carcase: and they came and told it in the city where the old prophet dwelt. 
And when the pro
230, field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin: 
And yet I say unto you, That even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. 
Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which to day is, and t
218, therein; and let them not regard vain words. 
And the taskmasters of the people went out, and their officers, and they spake to the people, saying, Thus saith Pharaoh, I will not give you straw. 
Go ye, get you straw 
162,eaven. 
Neither be ye called masters: for one is your Master, even Christ. 
But he that is greatest among you shall be your servant. 
And whosoever shall exalt hi
232,his name to dwell there destroy all kings and people, that shall put to their hand to alter and to destroy this house of God which is at Jerusalem. I Darius have made a decree; let it be done with speed. 
Then Tatnai, governor on th
177,is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Naphtali according to their families, the cities and their villages. 
And the seventh lot came out for the tribe of the childr
226, 
And when I looked, behold, an hand was sent unto me; and, lo, a roll of a book was therein; 
And he spread it before me; and it was written within and without: and there was written therein lamentations, and mourning, and wo
207,e after, in the time of wheat harvest, that Samson visited his wife with a kid; and he said, I will go in to my wife into the chamber. But her father would not suffer him to go in. 
And her father said, I ve
235, presence, and stood before the king. 
And the king sware, and said, As the LORD liveth, that hath redeemed my soul out of all distress, 
Even as I sware unto thee by the LORD God of Israel, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reig
239, offer him there for a burnt offering upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of. 
And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and saddled his ass, and took two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son, and clave the wood for th
177,offer a lamb for his offering, then shall he offer it before the LORD. 
And he shall lay his hand upon the head of his offering, and kill it before the tabernacle of the congreg
173,o the people; for the cause was from the LORD, that he might perform his saying, which the LORD spake by Ahijah the Shilonite unto Jeroboam the son of Nebat. 
So when all Is
164,ment, and that in regard of the oath of God. 
Be not hasty to go out of his sight: stand not in an evil thing; for he doeth whatsoever pleaseth him. 
Where the word
226,and men's bones shall be burnt upon thee. 
And he gave a sign the same day, saying, This is the sign which the LORD hath spoken; Behold, the altar shall be rent, and the ashes that are upon it shall be poured out. 
And it came
200,out of their coasts. 
But they shook off the dust of their feet against them, and came unto Iconium. 
And the disciples were filled with joy, and with the Holy Ghost. 
And it came to pass in Iconium, 
175,o Hezron, and went up to Adar, and fetched a compass to Karkaa: 
From thence it passed toward Azmon, and went out unto the river of Egypt; and the goings out of that coast wer
236,cious things, the silver, and the gold, and the spices, and the precious ointment, and all the house of his armour, and all that was found in his treasures: there was nothing in his house, nor in all his dominion, that Hezekiah shewed t
217,
And he took them, and sent them over the brook, and sent over that he had. 
And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day. 
And when he saw that he prevailed not against hi
192,rs of the city, and went up to the house of the LORD. 
And they brought seven bullocks, and seven rams, and seven lambs, and seven he goats, for a sin offering for the kingdom, and for the san
240,, the God of Israel; If ye wholly set your faces to enter into Egypt, and go to sojourn there; 
Then it shall come to pass, that the sword, which ye feared, shall overtake you there in the land of Egypt, and the famine, whereof ye were afra
226,there arose another generation after them, which knew not the LORD, nor yet the works which he had done for Israel. 
And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the LORD, and served Baalim: 
And they forsook the LORD G
204, forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you: 
But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses. 
Moreover when ye fast, be not, as
193,ts of Judah first, that the glory of the house of David and the glory of the inhabitants of Jerusalem do not magnify themselves against Judah. 
In that day shall the LORD defend the inhabitants
207,precious things of heaven, for the dew, and for the deep that coucheth beneath, 
And for the precious fruits brought forth by the sun, and for the precious things put forth by the moon, 
And for the chief th
236,was born unto Israel: howbeit the name of the city was Laish at the first. 
And the children of Dan set up the graven image: and Jonathan, the son of Gershom, the son of Manasseh, he and his sons were priests to the tribe of Dan until t
209, thy servants are beaten; but the fault is in thine own people. 
But he said, Ye are idle, ye are idle: therefore ye say, Let us go and do sacrifice to the LORD. 
Go therefore now, and work; for there shall no
198,isfied with the breasts of her consolations; that ye may milk out, and be delighted with the abundance of her glory. 
For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will extend peace to her like a river, and th
229, river of God, which is full of water: thou preparest them corn, when thou hast so provided for it. 
Thou waterest the ridges thereof abundantly: thou settlest the furrows thereof: thou makest it soft with showers: thou blessest 
168,Sisamai, and Sisamai begat Shallum, 
And Shallum begat Jekamiah, and Jekamiah begat Elishama. 
Now the sons of Caleb the brother of Jerahmeel were, Mesha his firstborn,
232, their iniquity. 
For I have laid upon thee the years of their iniquity, according to the number of the days, three hundred and ninety days: so shalt thou bear the iniquity of the house of Israel. 
And when thou hast accomplished th
205,n days. 
And at the end of ten days their countenances appeared fairer and fatter in flesh than all the children which did eat the portion of the king's meat. 
Thus Melzar took away the portion of their me
211,id Jesus in Cana of Galilee, and manifested forth his glory; and his disciples believed on him. 
After this he went down to Capernaum, he, and his mother, and his brethren, and his disciples: and they continued 
187,here in Egypt; and there ye shall die. 
So shall it be with all the men that set their faces to go into Egypt to sojourn there; they shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pest
221,I will judge you every one after his ways. 
And it came to pass in the twelfth year of our captivity, in the tenth month, in the fifth day of the month, that one that had escaped out of Jerusalem came unto me, saying, The
182,s are ever toward the LORD; for he shall pluck my feet out of the net. 
Turn thee unto me, and have mercy upon me; for I am desolate and afflicted. 
The troubles of my heart are enla
161, I will visit you, and perform my good word toward you, in causing you to return to this place. 
For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the LORD,
236,and Israel, my called; I am he; I am the first, I also am the last. 
Mine hand also hath laid the foundation of the earth, and my right hand hath spanned the heavens: when I call unto them, they stand up together. 
All ye, assemble your
218,o his mourners. 
I create the fruit of the lips; Peace, peace to him that is far off, and to him that is near, saith the LORD; and I will heal him. 
But the wicked are like the troubled sea, when it cannot rest, whose 
215,unto him, Follow me. And he arose and followed him. 
And it came to pass, that, as Jesus sat at meat in his house, many publicans and sinners sat also together with Jesus and his disciples: for there were many, and 
166,n his birthday made a supper to his lords, high captains, and chief estates of Galilee; 
And when the daughter of the said Herodias came in, and danced, and pleased H
165,s Oded: and he went out before the host that came to Samaria, and said unto them, Behold, because the LORD God of your fathers was wroth with Judah, he hath delivere
175,er's brethren; and thou shalt cause the inheritance of their father to pass unto them. 
And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If a man die, and have no son
214,the inhabitants of Jerusalem, Will ye not receive instruction to hearken to my words? saith the LORD. 
The words of Jonadab the son of Rechab, that he commanded his sons not to drink wine, are performed; for unto t
212,ealed by fire; and the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is. 
If any man's work abide which he hath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward. 
If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer lo
233,elieved in his name, when they saw the miracles which he did. 
But Jesus did not commit himself unto them, because he knew all men, 
And needed not that any should testify of man: for he knew what was in man. 
There was a man of the 
205,f fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever. 
And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose face the earth a
226,r that bare thee, into another country, where ye were not born; and there shall ye die. 
But to the land whereunto they desire to return, thither shall they not return. 
Is this man Coniah a despised broken idol? is he a vesse
204,the hand of the Chaldeans. 
And I will cast thee out, and thy mother that bare thee, into another country, where ye were not born; and there shall ye die. 
But to the land whereunto they desire to return,
219,he heart of them rejoice that seek the LORD. 
Seek the LORD, and his strength: seek his face evermore. 
Remember his marvellous works that he hath done; his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth; 
O ye seed of Abraham
166, her cities among the cities that are laid waste shall be desolate forty years: and I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and will disperse them through the
179,nd he said, Art thou my very son Esau? And he said, I am. 
And he said, Bring it near to me, and I will eat of my son's venison, that my soul may bless thee. And he brought it nea
183,did so. 
And it was told the king of Egypt that the people fled: and the heart of Pharaoh and of his servants was turned against the people, and they said, Why have we done this, that
229,lean: it is a dry scall, even a leprosy upon the head or beard. 
And if the priest look on the plague of the scall, and, behold, it be not in sight deeper than the skin, and that there is no black hair in it; then the priest shal
219,in, altars shall be unto him to sin. 
I have written to him the great things of my law, but they were counted as a strange thing. 
They sacrifice flesh for the sacrifices of mine offerings, and eat it; but the LORD acce
201,eneberak, and Gathrimmon, 
And Mejarkon, and Rakkon, with the border before Japho. 
And the coast of the children of Dan went out too little for them: therefore the children of Dan went up to fight aga
221,een of Sheba all her desire, whatsoever she asked, beside that which Solomon gave her of his royal bounty. So she turned and went to her own country, she and her servants. 
Now the weight of gold that came to Solomon in o
217,e which when a man hath found, he hideth, and for joy thereof goeth and selleth all that he hath, and buyeth that field. 
Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto a merchant man, seeking goodly pearls: 
Who, when he 
217,iah was come from the slaughter of the Edomites, that he brought the gods of the children of Seir, and set them up to be his gods, and bowed down himself before them, and burned incense unto them. 
Wherefore the anger
174,gs than those which the prophets and Moses did say should come: 
That Christ should suffer, and that he should be the first that should rise from the dead, and should shew li
171,d. 
And it shall come to pass in that day, that every place shall be, where there were a thousand vines at a thousand silverlings, it shall even be for briers and thorns. 
167,he idols of the house of Israel, pourtrayed upon the wall round about. 
And there stood before them seventy men of the ancients of the house of Israel, and in the mids
235,d night thy hand was heavy upon me: my moisture is turned into the drought of summer. Selah. 
I acknowledge my sin unto thee, and mine iniquity have I not hid. I said, I will confess my transgressions unto the LORD; and thou forgavest 
182, gold of the temple, he is a debtor! 
Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gold, or the temple that sanctifieth the gold? 
And, Whosoever shall swear by the altar, it is n
196,t thou, What is the cause that the former days were better than these? for thou dost not enquire wisely concerning this. 
Wisdom is good with an inheritance: and by it there is profit to them that
239,ved their gods, upon the high mountains, and upon the hills, and under every green tree: 
And ye shall overthrow their altars, and break their pillars, and burn their groves with fire; and ye shall hew down the graven images of their gods,
176,years of dearth began to come, according as Joseph had said: and the dearth was in all lands; but in all the land of Egypt there was bread. 
And when all the land of Egypt was 
226,tood before him: 
And he said unto them, What counsel give ye that we may answer this people, who have spoken to me, saying, Make the yoke which thy father did put upon us lighter? 
And the young men that were grown up with hi
209,le. 
Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time: 
Casting all your care upon him; for he careth for you. 
Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devi
216,t I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing. 
And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profiteth me nothing. 
Charity suff
208,ollen garment, or a linen garment; 
Whether it be in the warp, or woof; of linen, or of woollen; whether in a skin, or in any thing made of skin; 
And if the plague be greenish or reddish in the garment, or i
188,son of Josiah king of Judah, that was the first year of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon; 
The which Jeremiah the prophet spake unto all the people of Judah, and to all the inhabitants of Je
190,ng sow thy seed, and in the evening withhold not thine hand: for thou knowest not whether shall prosper, either this or that, or whether they both shall be alike good. 
Truly the light is sw
200,ghout their generations, for a perpetual covenant. 
It is a sign between me and the children of Israel for ever: for in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, and on the seventh day he rested, and w
210,en liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him. 
But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed. 
For let not that man th
212,rs, and every person that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard had left with Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Jeremiah the prophet, and Baruch the son of Neriah. 
So they came into the land of E
172, long dwelt with him that hateth peace. 
I am for peace: but when I speak, they are for war. 
I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from whence cometh my help. 
My help 
228, 
The meek will he guide in judgment: and the meek will he teach his way. 
All the paths of the LORD are mercy and truth unto such as keep his covenant and his testimonies. 
For thy name's sake, O LORD, pardon mine iniquity; for
163,hildren which thou shalt have, after thou hast lost the other, shall say again in thine ears, The place is too strait for me: give place to me that I may dwell. 
T
238,f his nostrils, and fire out of his mouth devoured: coals were kindled by it. 
He bowed the heavens also, and came down: and darkness was under his feet. 
And he rode upon a cherub, and did fly: yea, he did fly upon the wings of the wind.
186,ls, which Hiram made to king Solomon for the house of the LORD, were of bright brass. 
In the plain of Jordan did the king cast them, in the clay ground between Succoth and Zarthan. 
And
177,ckedness. 
Whoso stoppeth his ears at the cry of the poor, he also shall cry himself, but shall not be heard. 
A gift in secret pacifieth anger: and a reward in the bosom strong
189,I am the LORD: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God: for they shall return unto me with their whole heart. 
And as the evil figs, which cannot be eaten, they are so evil; su
193,th him, heard of all the evil that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah had done, 
Then they took all the men, and went to fight with Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and found him by the great waters tha
232,e. 
Thou shalt make no covenant with them, nor with their gods. 
They shall not dwell in thy land, lest they make thee sin against me: for if thou serve their gods, it will surely be a snare unto thee. 
And he said unto Moses, Come 
217,nd derision to the residue of the heathen that are round about; 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Surely in the fire of my jealousy have I spoken against the residue of the heathen, and against all Idumea, which hav
217,after his kind, and the bald locust after his kind, and the beetle after his kind, and the grasshopper after his kind. 
But all other flying creeping things, which have four feet, shall be an abomination unto you. 
An
179, God, to hearken unto the cry and the prayer which thy servant prayeth before thee: 
That thine eyes may be open upon this house day and night, upon the place whereof thou hast sa
201,ard him say, that this Jesus of Nazareth shall destroy this place, and shall change the customs which Moses delivered us. 
And all that sat in the council, looking stedfastly on him, saw his face as it
205,. 
Hearken to me, ye that follow after righteousness, ye that seek the LORD: look unto the rock whence ye are hewn, and to the hole of the pit whence ye are digged. 
Look unto Abraham your father, and unto
161,ion, and shall condemn it: for they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here. 
No man, when he hath lighted a candle, puttet
167,eived commandment to bless: and he hath blessed; and I cannot reverse it. 
He hath not beheld iniquity in Jacob, neither hath he seen perverseness in Israel: the LORD 
171, a price in the hand of a fool to get wisdom, seeing he hath no heart to it? 
A friend loveth at all times, and a brother is born for adversity. 
A man void of understandi
212,nd shall enter into the fortress of the king of the north, and shall deal against them, and shall prevail: 
And shall also carry captives into Egypt their gods, with their princes, and with their precious vessels
180,, like a bird, without cause. 
They have cut off my life in the dungeon, and cast a stone upon me. 
Waters flowed over mine head; then I said, I am cut off. 
I called upon thy name
164, of them held both the spears, the shields, and the bows, and the habergeons; and the rulers were behind all the house of Judah. 
They which builded on the wall, an
237,he mountains will I take up a weeping and wailing, and for the habitations of the wilderness a lamentation, because they are burned up, so that none can pass through them; neither can men hear the voice of the cattle; both the fowl of th
201, sanctuary, and in the vessels thereof. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron saying, 
Cut ye not off the tribe of the families of the Kohathites from among the Levites: 
But thus do unto them,
199,n of you a stone upon his shoulder, according unto the number of the tribes of the children of Israel: 
That this may be a sign among you, that when your children ask their fathers in time to come, s
199, and know, O congregation, what is among them. 
Hear, O earth: behold, I will bring evil upon this people, even the fruit of their thoughts, because they have not hearkened unto my words, nor to my l
178,g. 
Then said he unto me, Fear not, Daniel: for from the first day that thou didst set thine heart to understand, and to chasten thyself before thy God, thy words were heard, and
181,the hand of Moses: 
That the slayer that killeth any person unawares and unwittingly may flee thither: and they shall be your refuge from the avenger of blood. 
And when he that dot
211,y: howbeit the king of Israel stayed himself up in his chariot against the Syrians until the even: and about the time of the sun going down he died. 
And Jehoshaphat the king of Judah returned to his house in pe
176,ut he answered them not. 
Then did I beat them small as the dust before the wind: I did cast them out as the dirt in the streets. 
Thou hast delivered me from the strivings of 
227,vanished out of their sight. 
And they said one to another, Did not our heart burn within us, while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the scriptures? 
And they rose up the same hour, and returned to Jerusa
182,
That they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us: 
For in him we live, and move, and have our being; as ce
173,thou hast taken pleasure, and all them that thou hast loved, with all them that thou hast hated; I will even gather them round about against thee, and will discover thy nake
177,hatsoever thing from without entereth into the man, it cannot defile him; 
Because it entereth not into his heart, but into the belly, and goeth out into the draught, purging al
215,ay be hail in all the land of Egypt, upon man, and upon beast, and upon every herb of the field, throughout the land of Egypt. 
And Moses stretched forth his rod toward heaven: and the LORD sent thunder and hail, an
165,rks. 
All nations whom thou hast made shall come and worship before thee, O Lord; and shall glorify thy name. 
For thou art great, and doest wondrous things: thou ar
230,thine own cause: remember how the foolish man reproacheth thee daily. 
Forget not the voice of thine enemies: the tumult of those that rise up against thee increaseth continually. 
Unto thee, O God, do we give thanks, unto thee do
234,as for me, when they were sick, my clothing was sackcloth: I humbled my soul with fasting; and my prayer returned into mine own bosom. 
I behaved myself as though he had been my friend or brother: I bowed down heavily, as one that mou
191,ich Jesus did, the which, if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written. Amen. 
The former treatise have I made,
186, God gave them knowledge and skill in all learning and wisdom: and Daniel had understanding in all visions and dreams. 
Now at the end of the days that the king had said he should bring 
203, shall the LORD defend the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and he that is feeble among them at that day shall be as David; and the house of David shall be as God, as the angel of the LORD before them. 
And it 
196,wisdom for the righteous: he is a buckler to them that walk uprightly. 
He keepeth the paths of judgment, and preserveth the way of his saints. 
Then shalt thou understand righteousness, and judgm
191,od, 
Having the glory of God: and her light was like unto a stone most precious, even like a jasper stone, clear as crystal; 
And had a wall great and high, and had twelve gates, and at the g
166, they shall no more be a prey to the heathen, neither shall the beast of the land devour them; but they shall dwell safely, and none shall make them afraid. 
And I wi
209,en, according to all their service in the tabernacle of the congregation; the boards of the tabernacle, and the bars thereof, and the pillars thereof, and sockets thereof, 
And the pillars of the court round a
189, father, saying, Slay my two sons, if I bring him not to thee: deliver him into my hand, and I will bring him to thee again. 
And he said, My son shall not go down with you; for his brother
180,, that they may come; and send for cunning women, that they may come: 
And let them make haste, and take up a wailing for us, that our eyes may run down with tears, and our eyelids
199,ears, which departed not from the temple, but served God with fastings and prayers night and day. 
And she coming in that instant gave thanks likewise unto the Lord, and spake of him to all them that
191,: 
The fifth to Nethaniah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The sixth to Bukkiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The seventh to Jesharelah, he, his sons, and his b
185,ppressed you: 
And ye have this day rejected your God, who himself saved you out of all your adversities and your tribulations; and ye have said unto him, Nay, but set a king over us. N
236,e it unto you only? 
If any man think himself to be a prophet, or spiritual, let him acknowledge that the things that I write unto you are the commandments of the Lord. 
But if any man be ignorant, let him be ignorant. 
Wherefore, breth
193,will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent. 
Where is the wise? where is the scribe? where is the disputer of this world? hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world? 
For af
200, will overturn, overturn, overturn, it: and it shall be no more, until he come whose right it is; and I will give it him. 
And thou, son of man, prophesy and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning th
161,Jews, and should have been killed of them: then came I with an army, and rescued him, having understood that he was a Roman. 
And when I would have known the cau
236,ey shall reign for ever and ever. 
And he said unto me, These sayings are faithful and true: and the Lord God of the holy prophets sent his angel to shew unto his servants the things which must shortly be done. 
Behold, I come quickly: 
238,Iddo, prophesied unto the Jews that were in Judah and Jerusalem in the name of the God of Israel, even unto them. 
Then rose up Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and began to build the house of God which is a
204,vid said, To buy the threshingfloor of thee, to build an altar unto the LORD, that the plague may be stayed from the people. 
And Araunah said unto David, Let my lord the king take and offer up what seeme
195, beget, and I will make him a great nation. 
But my covenant will I establish with Isaac, which Sarah shall bear unto thee at this set time in the next year. 
And he left off talking with him, an
202,ea: and the children of Israel went up harnessed out of the land of Egypt. 
And Moses took the bones of Joseph with him: for he had straitly sworn the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit y
189,the court was needlework, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: and twenty cubits was the length, and the height in the breadth was five cubits, answerable to the hanging
240,he word of the LORD yet revealed unto him. 
And the LORD called Samuel again the third time. And he arose and went to Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou didst call me. And Eli perceived that the LORD had called the child. 
Therefore Eli sai
237,ot, to flee to Jerusalem. 
So Israel rebelled against the house of David unto this day. 
And it came to pass, when all Israel heard that Jeroboam was come again, that they sent and called him unto the congregation, and made him king over
221,t: 
(The same had not consented to the counsel and deed of them;) he was of Arimathaea, a city of the Jews: who also himself waited for the kingdom of God. 
This man went unto Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus. 
And he
180,king: and meddle not with them that are given to change: 
For their calamity shall rise suddenly; and who knoweth the ruin of them both? 
These things also belong to the wise. It i
186,hat there be just men, unto whom it happeneth according to the work of the wicked; again, there be wicked men, to whom it happeneth according to the work of the righteous: I said that th
209, king's cupbearer. 
And it came to pass in the month Nisan, in the twentieth year of Artaxerxes the king, that wine was before him: and I took up the wine, and gave it unto the king. Now I had not been beforet
235,ety: and I will kill thy root with famine, and he shall slay thy remnant. 
Howl, O gate; cry, O city; thou, whole Palestina, art dissolved: for there shall come from the north a smoke, and none shall be alone in his appointed times. 
W
182,of speaking unto Saul, that the soul of Jonathan was knit with the soul of David, and Jonathan loved him as his own soul. 
And Saul took him that day, and would let him go no more ho
187,earth; and I will have mercy upon her that had not obtained mercy; and I will say to them which were not my people, Thou art my people; and they shall say, Thou art my God. 
Then said the
218,d lest ye perish quickly from off the good land which the LORD giveth you. 
Therefore shall ye lay up these my words in your heart and in your soul, and bind them for a sign upon your hand, that they may be as frontlet
228,his name. 
Ye shall not go after other gods, of the gods of the people which are round about you; 
(For the LORD thy God is a jealous God among you) lest the anger of the LORD thy God be kindled against thee, and destroy thee fr
237,ng the kingdoms of Hazor, which Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon shall smite, thus saith the LORD; Arise ye, go up to Kedar, and spoil the men of the east. 
Their tents and their flocks shall they take away: they shall take to themselves t
199,l reward the doer of evil according to his wickedness. 
And when Saul's son heard that Abner was dead in Hebron, his hands were feeble, and all the Israelites were troubled. 
And Saul's son had two m
234,st promised with thy mouth. 
When thou comest into thy neighbour's vineyard, then thou mayest eat grapes thy fill at thine own pleasure; but thou shalt not put any in thy vessel. 
When thou comest into the standing corn of thy neighbo
183,r we saw the children of Anak there. 
The Amalekites dwell in the land of the south: and the Hittites, and the Jebusites, and the Amorites, dwell in the mountains: and the Canaanites 
202,might stand before the king. 
Now among these were of the children of Judah, Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah: 
Unto whom the prince of the eunuchs gave names: for he gave unto Daniel the name of 
192,ou put the evil away from among you. 
And those which remain shall hear, and fear, and shall henceforth commit no more any such evil among you. 
And thine eye shall not pity; but life shall go
234,ain things, which cannot profit nor deliver; for they are vain. 
For the LORD will not forsake his people for his great name's sake: because it hath pleased the LORD to make you his people. 
Moreover as for me, God forbid that I shoul
185,u ware also; for he hath greatly withstood our words. 
At my first answer no man stood with me, but all men forsook me: I pray God that it may not be laid to their charge. 
Notwithstand
199,l may bless thee before I die. 
And Rebekah heard when Isaac spake to Esau his son. And Esau went to the field to hunt for venison, and to bring it. 
And Rebekah spake unto Jacob her son, saying, Beh
234,f they burned in a furnace; and his voice as the sound of many waters. 
And he had in his right hand seven stars: and out of his mouth went a sharp twoedged sword: and his countenance was as the sun shineth in his strength. 
And when 
169,dness waste them any more, as at the beginning, 
And since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people Israel. Moreover I will subdue all thine enemies. Furthe
185,e washed away the filth of the daughters of Zion, and shall have purged the blood of Jerusalem from the midst thereof by the spirit of judgment, and by the spirit of burning. 
And the L
231,m as he was teaching, and said, By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this authority? 
And Jesus answered and said unto them, I also will ask you one thing, which if ye tell me, I in like wise will tell you b
166,thus requite the LORD, O foolish people and unwise? is not he thy father that hath bought thee? hath he not made thee, and established thee? 
Remember the days of old
170, in thither: encourage him: for he shall cause Israel to inherit it. 
Moreover your little ones, which ye said should be a prey, and your children, which in that day had 
198,ord, nor ruler, that asked such things at any magician, or astrologer, or Chaldean. 
And it is a rare thing that the king requireth, and there is none other that can shew it before the king, except 
233,ed, and left. 
And when she was risen up to glean, Boaz commanded his young men, saying, Let her glean even among the sheaves, and reproach her not: 
And let fall also some of the handfuls of purpose for her, and leave them, that she
229,at came not up to the LORD to Mizpeh, saying, He shall surely be put to death. 
And the children of Israel repented them for Benjamin their brother, and said, There is one tribe cut off from Israel this day. 
How shall we do for 
189,ork evil upon their beds! when the morning is light, they practise it, because it is in the power of their hand. 
And they covet fields, and take them by violence; and houses, and take them
200,h in water, and be unclean until the even. 
And every garment, and every skin, whereon is the seed of copulation, shall be washed with water, and be unclean until the even. 
The woman also with whom m
211, wilderness with manna, which thy fathers knew not, that he might humble thee, and that he might prove thee, to do thee good at thy latter end; 
And thou say in thine heart, My power and the might of mine hand h
237,days with the disciples which were at Damascus. 
And straightway he preached Christ in the synagogues, that he is the Son of God. 
But all that heard him were amazed, and said; Is not this he that destroyed them which called on this name
179,s a plague of leprosy: and the priest shall look on him, and pronounce him unclean. 
If the bright spot be white in the skin of his flesh, and in sight be not deeper than the skin
169,t be thine heir; but he that shall come forth out of thine own bowels shall be thine heir. 
And he brought him forth abroad, and said, Look now toward heaven, and tell t
169,mney. 
Yet I am the LORD thy God from the land of Egypt, and thou shalt know no god but me: for there is no saviour beside me. 
I did know thee in the wilderness, in the
177,e kept his wrath for ever: 
But I will send a fire upon Teman, which shall devour the palaces of Bozrah. 
Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of the children of Ammon,
198,. 
I know that there is no good in them, but for a man to rejoice, and to do good in his life. 
And also that every man should eat and drink, and enjoy the good of all his labour, it is the gift of 
176,use of the LORD. 
Lift up your hands in the sanctuary, and bless the LORD. 
The LORD that made heaven and earth bless thee out of Zion. 
Praise ye the LORD. Praise ye the name 
191, Amasa: and the father of Amasa was Jether the Ishmeelite. 
And Caleb the son of Hezron begat children of Azubah his wife, and of Jerioth: her sons are these; Jesher, and Shobab, and Ardon. 

171,ses against me, and increasest thine indignation upon me; changes and war are against me. 
Wherefore then hast thou brought me forth out of the womb? Oh that I had given u
208,or you to know the times or the seasons, which the Father hath put in his own power. 
But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusale
240,er's daughter, and see her nakedness, and she see his nakedness; it is a wicked thing; and they shall be cut off in the sight of their people: he hath uncovered his sister's nakedness; he shall bear his iniquity. 
And if a man shall lie wit
238,, and pitched at Tarah. 
And they removed from Tarah, and pitched in Mithcah. 
And they went from Mithcah, and pitched in Hashmonah. 
And they departed from Hashmonah, and encamped at Moseroth. 
And they departed from Moseroth, and pitche
202,our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Therefore, brethren, stand fast, and hold the traditions which ye have been taught, whether by word, or our epistle. 
Now our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and God, even our Father,
175,uth. 
Do this now, my son, and deliver thyself, when thou art come into the hand of thy friend; go, humble thyself, and make sure thy friend. 
Give not sleep to thine eyes, no
208,urnt offering: 
One kid of the goats for a sin offering: 
And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Eliasaph the son of
168,e shekel of the sanctuary: 
The golden spoons were twelve, full of incense, weighing ten shekels apiece, after the shekel of the sanctuary: all the gold of the spoons w
238,, and to angels, and to men. 
We are fools for Christ's sake, but ye are wise in Christ; we are weak, but ye are strong; ye are honourable, but we are despised. 
Even unto this present hour we both hunger, and thirst, and are naked, and a
162,gain I will build thee, and thou shalt be built, O virgin of Israel: thou shalt again be adorned with thy tabrets, and shalt go forth in the dances of them that m
196,ings from me, that they die not. 
And Moses did so: as the LORD commanded him, so did he. 
And the children of Israel spake unto Moses, saying, Behold, we die, we perish, we all perish. 
Whosoever
200,I offer burnt offerings unto the LORD my God of that which doth cost me nothing. So David bought the threshingfloor and the oxen for fifty shekels of silver. 
And David built there an altar unto the L
221,reign over you, or that one reign over you? remember also that I am your bone and your flesh. 
And his mother's brethren spake of him in the ears of all the men of Shechem all these words: and their hearts inclined to fol
192,understanding, the spirit of counsel and might, the spirit of knowledge and of the fear of the LORD; 
And shall make him of quick understanding in the fear of the LORD: and he shall not judge 
202,shaphat said, Let not the king say so. 
Then the king of Israel called an officer, and said, Hasten hither Micaiah the son of Imlah. 
And the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah sat each on
195, unto them. 
Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep. 
All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers: but the sheep did not hear them. 

215,er the men went I wot not: pursue after them quickly; for ye shall overtake them. 
But she had brought them up to the roof of the house, and hid them with the stalks of flax, which she had laid in order upon the roo
198,treason that he wrought, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel? 
Then were the people of Israel divided into two parts: half of the people followed Tibni the son 
219, of silver to his mother, his mother said, I had wholly dedicated the silver unto the LORD from my hand for my son, to make a graven image and a molten image: now therefore I will restore it unto thee. 
Yet he restored 
234,y have Moses and the prophets; let them hear them. 
And he said, Nay, father Abraham: but if one went unto them from the dead, they will repent. 
And he said unto him, If they hear not Moses and the prophets, neither will they be pers
172,ep therefore his statutes, and his commandments, which I command thee this day, that it may go well with thee, and with thy children after thee, and that thou mayest prolon
197,ons against her, call together against her the kingdoms of Ararat, Minni, and Ashchenaz; appoint a captain against her; cause the horses to come up as the rough caterpillers. 
Prepare against her t
186,ceive the kingdom of God as a little child shall in no wise enter therein. 
And a certain ruler asked him, saying, Good Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life? 
And Jesus said u
217,it shall be the priest's that sprinkleth the blood of the peace offerings. 
And the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace offerings for thanksgiving shall be eaten the same day that it is offered; he shall not leave any
167,g, We are the servants of the God of heaven and earth, and build the house that was builded these many years ago, which a great king of Israel builded and set up. 
But
205,arment. 
And from the wicked their light is withholden, and the high arm shall be broken. 
Hast thou entered into the springs of the sea? or hast thou walked in the search of the depth? 
Have the gates of 
181,ons when I cried unto thee. 
O love the LORD, all ye his saints: for the LORD preserveth the faithful, and plentifully rewardeth the proud doer. 
Be of good courage, and he shall st
193, Go not from house to house. 
And into whatsoever city ye enter, and they receive you, eat such things as are set before you: 
And heal the sick that are therein, and say unto them, The kingdom
194,ok Jehoahaz his brother, and carried him to Egypt. 
Jehoiakim was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and he did that which was evil in th
189,whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee. 
The man departed, and told the Jews that it was Jesus, which had made him whole. 
And therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sou
239,g to the twelve tribes. 
And thou shalt make upon the breastplate chains at the ends of wreathen work of pure gold. 
And thou shalt make upon the breastplate two rings of gold, and shalt put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate
226,d what concord hath Christ with Belial? or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel? 
And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? for ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in the
163,r an innumerable multitude of people, insomuch that they trode one upon another, he began to say unto his disciples first of all, Beware ye of the leaven of the Ph
219,; I am returned to Jerusalem with mercies: my house shall be built in it, saith the LORD of hosts, and a line shall be stretched forth upon Jerusalem. 
Cry yet, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; My cities through pr
170,and pitched in Oboth. 
And they journeyed from Oboth, and pitched at Ijeabarim, in the wilderness which is before Moab, toward the sunrising. 
From thence they removed, a
194,l that setteth up his idols in his heart, and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face, and cometh to the prophet; I the LORD will answer him that cometh according to the multi
236,n he arose, and went after Elijah, and ministered unto him. 
And Benhadad the king of Syria gathered all his host together: and there were thirty and two kings with him, and horses, and chariots; and he went up and besieged Samaria, and
194,as paid unto them. 
Give ye now commandment to cause these men to cease, and that this city be not builded, until another commandment shall be given from me. 
Take heed now that ye fail not to d
228,e. 
For thou art great, and doest wondrous things: thou art God alone. 
Teach me thy way, O LORD; I will walk in thy truth: unite my heart to fear thy name. 
I will praise thee, O Lord my God, with all my heart: and I will glori
220,e ledges thereof, and on the borders thereof, he graved cherubims, lions, and palm trees, according to the proportion of every one, and additions round about. 
After this manner he made the ten bases: all of them had one
180,ts thereof as Gomorrah. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts concerning the prophets; Behold, I will feed them with wormwood, and make them drink the water of gall: for from the
230,azarus sleepeth; but I go, that I may awake him out of sleep. 
Then said his disciples, Lord, if he sleep, he shall do well. 
Howbeit Jesus spake of his death: but they thought that he had spoken of taking of rest in sleep. 
Then 
205,you, that I also may be of good comfort, when I know your state. 
For I have no man likeminded, who will naturally care for your state. 
For all seek their own, not the things which are Jesus Christ's. 
Bu
169, 
Cursed be he that smiteth his neighbour secretly. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
Cursed be he that taketh reward to slay an innocent person. And all the people s
198,ch is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches. 
In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water. 
For an angel went d
186,ointed to die; 
And render unto our neighbours sevenfold into their bosom their reproach, wherewith they have reproached thee, O Lord. 
So we thy people and sheep of thy pasture will giv
199,hereof. 
For Heshbon was the city of Sihon the king of the Amorites, who had fought against the former king of Moab, and taken all his land out of his hand, even unto Arnon. 
Wherefore they that spea
201,must be exceeding magnifical, of fame and of glory throughout all countries: I will therefore now make preparation for it. So David prepared abundantly before his death. 
Then he called for Solomon his
227,r after the tenor of these words I have made a covenant with thee and with Israel. 
And he was there with the LORD forty days and forty nights; he did neither eat bread, nor drink water. And he wrote upon the tables the words o
215,le cometh upon him? 
Will he delight himself in the Almighty? will he always call upon God? 
I will teach you by the hand of God: that which is with the Almighty will I not conceal. 
Behold, all ye yourselves have s
182,gainst Hamath. This is the west side. 
So shall ye divide this land unto you according to the tribes of Israel. 
And it shall come to pass, that ye shall divide it by lot for an inhe
210,nd a great and strong wind rent the mountains, and brake in pieces the rocks before the LORD; but the LORD was not in the wind: and after the wind an earthquake; but the LORD was not in the earthquake: 
And aft
175,you power to tread on serpents and scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy: and nothing shall by any means hurt you. 
Notwithstanding in this rejoice not, that the spir
215,cried unto the LORD: for he had nine hundred chariots of iron; and twenty years he mightily oppressed the children of Israel. 
And Deborah, a prophetess, the wife of Lapidoth, she judged Israel at that time. 
And sh
206,reamed a dream, and there is none that can interpret it: and I have heard say of thee, that thou canst understand a dream to interpret it. 
And Joseph answered Pharaoh, saying, It is not in me: God shall gi
188, and the princes thereof, to make them a desolation, an astonishment, an hissing, and a curse; as it is this day; 
Pharaoh king of Egypt, and his servants, and his princes, and all his peo
235,led. 
They will not frame their doings to turn unto their God: for the spirit of whoredoms is in the midst of them, and they have not known the LORD. 
And the pride of Israel doth testify to his face: therefore shall Israel and Ephraim
235,d it well: I looked upon it, and received instruction. 
Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep: 
So shall thy poverty come as one that travelleth; and thy want as an armed man. 
These are also prov
216,Lord, to the glory of God the Father. 
Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling. 
For it is God
229, the vessels, to bring them to Jerusalem unto the house of our God. 
Then we departed from the river of Ahava on the twelfth day of the first month, to go unto Jerusalem: and the hand of our God was upon us, and he delivered us f
219,thousand cubits; and the city shall be in the midst: this shall be to them the suburbs of the cities. 
And among the cities which ye shall give unto the Levites there shall be six cities for refuge, which ye shall appoi
161, I will give you the sure mercies of David. 
Wherefore he saith also in another psalm, Thou shalt not suffer thine Holy One to see corruption. 
For David, after 
218,l cause to cease the kingdom of the house of Israel. 
And it shall come to pass at that day, that I will break the bow of Israel, in the valley of Jezreel. 
And she conceived again, and bare a daughter. And God said un
170, sight of the heathen, then shall they dwell in their land that I have given to my servant Jacob. 
And they shall dwell safely therein, and shall build houses, and plant 
188,all one father? hath not one God created us? why do we deal treacherously every man against his brother, by profaning the covenant of our fathers? 
Judah hath dealt treacherously, and an a
232, upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised,
169,e sinned against the LORD, the habitation of justice, even the LORD, the hope of their fathers. 
Remove out of the midst of Babylon, and go forth out of the land of the 
163,fore God. 
For what saith the scripture? Abraham believed God, and it was counted unto him for righteousness. 
Now to him that worketh is the reward not reckoned o
238, and our sins be upon us, and we pine away in them, how should we then live? 
Say unto them, As I live, saith the Lord GOD, I have no pleasure in the death of the wicked; but that the wicked turn from his way and live: turn ye, turn ye fr
218,w to do them. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
And it shall come to pass, if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to observe and to do all his commandments which I command thee this day
187,he name of the LORD our God. 
They are brought down and fallen: but we are risen, and stand upright. 
Save, LORD: let the king hear us when we call. 
The king shall joy in thy strength, O
221,r is become dross, thy wine mixed with water: 
Thy princes are rebellious, and companions of thieves: every one loveth gifts, and followeth after rewards: they judge not the fatherless, neither doth the cause of the widow
199,es of the candlestick out of the other side: 
Three bowls made like unto almonds, with a knop and a flower in one branch; and three bowls made like almonds in the other branch, with a knop and a flow
171,e she was, and her two daughters in law with her; and they went on the way to return unto the land of Judah. 
And Naomi said unto her two daughters in law, Go, return each
236, whom they trusted, 
Which did eat the fat of their sacrifices, and drank the wine of their drink offerings? let them rise up and help you, and be your protection. 
See now that I, even I, am he, and there is no god with me: I kill, and
221,om everlasting. 
O LORD, why hast thou made us to err from thy ways, and hardened our heart from thy fear? Return for thy servants' sake, the tribes of thine inheritance. 
The people of thy holiness have possessed it but 
207,d. 
Whereof the Holy Ghost also is a witness to us: for after that he had said before, 
This is the covenant that I will make with them after those days, saith the Lord, I will put my laws into their hearts,
182,mmandments and my laws? 
See, for that the LORD hath given you the sabbath, therefore he giveth you on the sixth day the bread of two days; abide ye every man in his place, let no ma
216,ng to the word of the LORD, as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying, 
Take the sum of the sons of Kohath from among the sons of Levi, after their families, by the house of t
180, thee from being king over Israel. 
And as Samuel turned about to go away, he laid hold upon the skirt of his mantle, and it rent. 
And Samuel said unto him, The LORD hath rent the
208,ived the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were so. 
Therefore many of them believed; also of honourable women which were Greeks, and of men, not a few. 
230,d not to me, saith the LORD. 
Consider now from this day and upward, from the four and twentieth day of the ninth month, even from the day that the foundation of the LORD's temple was laid, consider it. 
Is the seed yet in the bar
164,id eat and drink, and rose up, and went his way: thus Esau despised his birthright. 
And there was a famine in the land, beside the first famine that was in the day
208,ll an hundred thirty and nine. 
The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hasupha, the children of Tabbaoth, 
The children of Keros, the children of Siaha, the children of Padon, 
The children of L
226,ast thou prepared me: 
In burnt offerings and sacrifices for sin thou hast had no pleasure. 
Then said I, Lo, I come (in the volume of the book it is written of me,) to do thy will, O God. 
Above when he said, Sacrifice and of
237,dst of Jerusalem, and blow the trumpet in Tekoa, and set up a sign of fire in Bethhaccerem: for evil appeareth out of the north, and great destruction. 
I have likened the daughter of Zion to a comely and delicate woman. 
The shepherds w
207, against them, and flee seven ways before them: and shalt be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth. 
And thy carcase shall be meat unto all fowls of the air, and unto the beasts of the earth, and no man
226, Padanaram unto Laban, son of Bethuel the Syrian, the brother of Rebekah, Jacob's and Esau's mother. 
When Esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob, and sent him away to Padanaram, to take him a wife from thence; and that as he b
224,ORD, and the LORD repented him of the evil which he had pronounced against them? Thus might we procure great evil against our souls. 
And there was also a man that prophesied in the name of the LORD, Urijah the son of Shemai
196,th the Lord GOD; Are ye come to enquire of me? As I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will not be enquired of by you. 
Wilt thou judge them, son of man, wilt thou judge them? cause them to know the abom
188,es: but the people that do know their God shall be strong, and do exploits. 
And they that understand among the people shall instruct many: yet they shall fall by the sword, and by flame, 
224, was over the house, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah, Asaph's son, the recorder. 
And Rabshakeh said unto them, Say ye now to Hezekiah, Thus saith the great king, the king of Assyria, What confidence is this wherein thou tru
174,el. 
And when the people complained, it displeased the LORD: and the LORD heard it; and his anger was kindled; and the fire of the LORD burnt among them, and consumed them th
211, she is the only one of her mother, she is the choice one of her that bare her. The daughters saw her, and blessed her; yea, the queens and the concubines, and they praised her. 
Who is she that looketh forth as
164, kingdom in his hand; and all Judah brought to Jehoshaphat presents; and he had riches and honour in abundance. 
And his heart was lifted up in the ways of the LORD
184,ther to be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord. 
Wherefore we labour, that, whether present or absent, we may be accepted of him. 
For we must all appear before the j
177, fall; and the pride of her power shall come down: from the tower of Syene shall they fall in it by the sword, saith the Lord GOD. 
And they shall be desolate in the midst of th
237,r. 
For thus hath the LORD said, The whole land shall be desolate; yet will I not make a full end. 
For this shall the earth mourn, and the heavens above be black; because I have spoken it, I have purposed it, and will not repent, neithe
181,reaketh for the longing that it hath unto thy judgments at all times. 
Thou hast rebuked the proud that are cursed, which do err from thy commandments. 
Remove from me reproach and 
199, look for judgment, but there is none; for salvation, but it is far off from us. 
For our transgressions are multiplied before thee, and our sins testify against us: for our transgressions are with u
181,n array against him with eight hundred thousand chosen men, being mighty men of valour. 
And Abijah stood up upon mount Zemaraim, which is in mount Ephraim, and said, Hear me, thou 
211,six hundred men which came after him from Gath, passed on before the king. 
Then said the king to Ittai the Gittite, Wherefore goest thou also with us? return to thy place, and abide with the king: for thou art 
188, speak that which is good. 
And Micaiah said, As the LORD liveth, what the LORD saith unto me, that will I speak. 
So he came to the king. And the king said unto him, Micaiah, shall we go 
169, hundred and twenty thousand men that drew sword. 
And Gideon went up by the way of them that dwelt in tents on the east of Nobah and Jogbehah, and smote the host; for t
224,w all the work of Solomon was prepared unto the day of the foundation of the house of the LORD, and until it was finished. So the house of the LORD was perfected. 
Then went Solomon to Eziongeber, and to Eloth, at the sea si
182,r of God; and on them was written according to all the words, which the LORD spake with you in the mount out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly. 
And it came to pass
173,efore be ye not mockers, lest your bands be made strong: for I have heard from the Lord GOD of hosts a consumption, even determined upon the whole earth. 
Give ye ear, and h
198, and hewn down: Sharon is like a wilderness; and Bashan and Carmel shake off their fruits. 
Now will I rise, saith the LORD; now will I be exalted; now will I lift up myself. 
Ye shall conceive chaf
219,. 
And, behold, there appeared unto them Moses and Elias talking with him. 
Then answered Peter, and said unto Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be here: if thou wilt, let us make here three tabernacles; one for thee, a
208,l, that no stranger, which is not of the seed of Aaron, come near to offer incense before the LORD; that he be not as Korah, and as his company: as the LORD said to him by the hand of Moses. 
But on the morro
174,he great sea. 
And four great beasts came up from the sea, diverse one from another. 
The first was like a lion, and had eagle's wings: I beheld till the wings thereof were p
227, and he said, Because that this people hath transgressed my covenant which I commanded their fathers, and have not hearkened unto my voice; 
I also will not henceforth drive out any from before them of the nations which Joshua 
181, for ever. 
The rod and reproof give wisdom: but a child left to himself bringeth his mother to shame. 
When the wicked are multiplied, transgression increaseth: but the righteous s
230,ll not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and not perceive: 
For the heart of this people is waxed gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes have they closed; lest they should see with their eyes, and hear with t
220,the healing of the nations. 
And there shall be no more curse: but the throne of God and of the Lamb shall be in it; and his servants shall serve him: 
And they shall see his face; and his name shall be in their forehead
225,tion to my lips. 
All the words of my mouth are in righteousness; there is nothing froward or perverse in them. 
They are all plain to him that understandeth, and right to them that find knowledge. 
Receive my instruction, an
240, and his sons, and his sons' garments with him. 
Also thou shalt take of the ram the fat and the rump, and the fat that covereth the inwards, and the caul above the liver, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, and the right sh
164,ub, 
And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Ahimaaz, 
And Ahimaaz begat Azariah, and Azariah begat Johanan, 
And Johanan begat Azariah, (he it is that executed the
182,ression. 
A man's pride shall bring him low: but honour shall uphold the humble in spirit. 
Whoso is partner with a thief hateth his own soul: he heareth cursing, and bewrayeth it no
165,dren of Esau, which dwell in Seir; and they shall be afraid of you: take ye good heed unto yourselves therefore: 
Meddle not with them; for I will not give you of th
169, his house. 
And he took them the same hour of the night, and washed their stripes; and was baptized, he and all his, straightway. 
And when he had brought them into his
177,od, who is with me, that he destroy thee not. 
Nevertheless Josiah would not turn his face from him, but disguised himself, that he might fight with him, and hearkened not unto 
225,. 
O God, why hast thou cast us off for ever? why doth thine anger smoke against the sheep of thy pasture? 
Remember thy congregation, which thou hast purchased of old; the rod of thine inheritance, which thou hast redeemed; 
225,nd giving of thanks, be made for all men; 
For kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty. 
For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Savio
240,: but every thing that was vile and refuse, that they destroyed utterly. 
Then came the word of the LORD unto Samuel, saying, 
It repenteth me that I have set up Saul to be king: for he is turned back from following me, and hath not perform
201,war with him, and all the mighty men of valour. 
And the LORD said unto Joshua, Fear them not: for I have delivered them into thine hand; there shall not a man of them stand before thee. 
Joshua theref
200,, A lion: My lord, I stand continually upon the watchtower in the daytime, and I am set in my ward whole nights: 
And, behold, here cometh a chariot of men, with a couple of horsemen. And he answered 
222, Anakims, whom thou knowest, and of whom thou hast heard say, Who can stand before the children of Anak! 
Understand therefore this day, that the LORD thy God is he which goeth over before thee; as a consuming fire he shal
203,ter the sabbath: and some of my servants set I at the gates, that there should no burden be brought in on the sabbath day. 
So the merchants and sellers of all kind of ware lodged without Jerusalem once 
198,nd the clean person shall sprinkle upon the unclean on the third day, and on the seventh day: and on the seventh day he shall purify himself, and wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and sh
190,the Lord must not strive; but be gentle unto all men, apt to teach, patient, 
In meekness instructing those that oppose themselves; if God peradventure will give them repentance to the ackno
182,the priests the Levites bearing it, then ye shall remove from your place, and go after it. 
Yet there shall be a space between you and it, about two thousand cubits by measure: come 
168, and setteth up another. 
For in the hand of the LORD there is a cup, and the wine is red; it is full of mixture; and he poureth out of the same: but the dregs thereof,
167, and all Israel went thither a whoring after it: which thing became a snare unto Gideon, and to his house. 
Thus was Midian subdued before the children of Israel, so t
231,ath, and doth deliver: in whom we trust that he will yet deliver us; 
Ye also helping together by prayer for us, that for the gift bestowed upon us by the means of many persons thanks may be given by many on our behalf. 
For our re
212,of Baal; let not one of them escape. And they took them: and Elijah brought them down to the brook Kishon, and slew them there. 
And Elijah said unto Ahab, Get thee up, eat and drink; for there is a sound of abun
216,alked with me came again, and waked me, as a man that is wakened out of his sleep. 
And said unto me, What seest thou? And I said, I have looked, and behold a candlestick all of gold, with a bowl upon the top of it, 
198,own gifts, in that they caused to pass through the fire all that openeth the womb, that I might make them desolate, to the end that they might know that I am the LORD. 
Therefore, son of man, speak 
220,erfect manner of the law of the fathers, and was zealous toward God, as ye all are this day. 
And I persecuted this way unto the death, binding and delivering into prisons both men and women. 
As also the high priest dot
178, done, she nor her daughters, as thou hast done, thou and thy daughters. 
Behold, this was the iniquity of thy sister Sodom, pride, fulness of bread, and abundance of idleness wa
166,be glad in the LORD. 
Let the sinners be consumed out of the earth, and let the wicked be no more. Bless thou the LORD, O my soul. Praise ye the LORD. 
O give thanks 
185,LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Vex the Midianites, and smite them: 
For they vex you with their wiles, wherewith they have beguiled you in the matter of Peor, and in the matter of Cozb
199,zard, and the snail, and the mole. 
These are unclean to you among all that creep: whosoever doth touch them, when they be dead, shall be unclean until the even. 
And upon whatsoever any of them, whe
202, Judah shall not vex Ephraim. 
But they shall fly upon the shoulders of the Philistines toward the west; they shall spoil them of the east together: they shall lay their hand upon Edom and Moab; and the
233,the time is far passed: 
Send them away, that they may go into the country round about, and into the villages, and buy themselves bread: for they have nothing to eat. 
He answered and said unto them, Give ye them to eat. And they say
199,y have I begotten thee. 
As he saith also in another place, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec. 
Who in the days of his flesh, when he had offered up prayers and supplications 
230,d Nephthalim: 
That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying, 
The land of Zabulon, and the land of Nephthalim, by the way of the sea, beyond Jordan, Galilee of the Gentiles; 
The people which sat in da
228, great army. And he stood by the conduit of the upper pool in the highway of the fuller's field. 
Then came forth unto him Eliakim, Hilkiah's son, which was over the house, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah, Asaph's son, the recor
199,all be Aaron's and his sons'; and they shall eat it in the holy place: for it is most holy unto him of the offerings of the LORD made by fire by a perpetual statute. 
And the son of an Israelitish wo
220,er, may be refreshed. 
And in all things that I have said unto you be circumspect: and make no mention of the name of other gods, neither let it be heard out of thy mouth. 
Three times thou shalt keep a feast unto me in 
199,and Mearah that is beside the Sidonians unto Aphek, to the borders of the Amorites: 
And the land of the Giblites, and all Lebanon, toward the sunrising, from Baalgad under mount Hermon unto the ente
205,the head of Dagon and both the palms of his hands were cut off upon the threshold; only the stump of Dagon was left to him. 
Therefore neither the priests of Dagon, nor any that come into Dagon's house, tr
196,mance also out of that which ye have. 
For it there be first a willing mind, it is accepted according to that a man hath, and not according to that he hath not. 
For I mean not that other men be e
166,t. 
And Solomon went up thither to the brasen altar before the LORD, which was at the tabernacle of the congregation, and offered a thousand burnt offerings upon it. 
202, shall gather blackness. 
They shall run like mighty men; they shall climb the wall like men of war; and they shall march every one on his ways, and they shall not break their ranks: 
Neither shall one 
186,min, and out of the cities which he had taken from mount Ephraim, and renewed the altar of the LORD, that was before the porch of the LORD. 
And he gathered all Judah and Benjamin, and t
196,thermost chamber was five cubits broad, and the middle was six cubits broad, and the third was seven cubits broad: for without in the wall of the house he made narrowed rests round about, that the
206,am the LORD, saith the Lord GOD, when I shall be sanctified in you before their eyes. 
For I will take you from among the heathen, and gather you out of all countries, and will bring you into your own land.
233,ve walked before you from my childhood unto this day. 
Behold, here I am: witness against me before the LORD, and before his anointed: whose ox have I taken? or whose ass have I taken? or whom have I defrauded? whom have I oppressed?
187,o drink; and commanded the prophets, saying, Prophesy not. 
Behold, I am pressed under you, as a cart is pressed that is full of sheaves. 
Therefore the flight shall perish from the swift
199,Gether, and Meshech. 
And Arphaxad begat Shelah, and Shelah begat Eber. 
And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of the one was Peleg; because in his days the earth was divided: and his brother's 
183,against him. 
These are murmurers, complainers, walking after their own lusts; and their mouth speaketh great swelling words, having men's persons in admiration because of advantage. 
238,en unto this day, wherewith they have forsaken me, and served other gods, so do they also unto thee. 
Now therefore hearken unto their voice: howbeit yet protest solemnly unto them, and shew them the manner of the king that shall reign ov
219, a strong hand. 
Thus Edom refused to give Israel passage through his border: wherefore Israel turned away from him. 
And the children of Israel, even the whole congregation, journeyed from Kadesh, and came unto mount H
212,'s seer in the words of God, to lift up the horn. And God gave to Heman fourteen sons and three daughters. 
All these were under the hands of their father for song in the house of the LORD, with cymbals, psalteri
161,e LORD thy God. 
And it shall come to pass, that as the LORD rejoiced over you to do you good, and to multiply you; so the LORD will rejoice over you to destroy 
165,he river Euphrates: 
The Kenites, and the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites, 
And the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Rephaims, 
And the Amorites, and the Canaani
234,d in his house, and drank water. 
And it came to pass, as they sat at the table, that the word of the LORD came unto the prophet that brought him back: 
And he cried unto the man of God that came from Judah, saying, Thus saith the LOR
225,f the hand of the LORD of hosts, which he shaketh over it. 
And the land of Judah shall be a terror unto Egypt, every one that maketh mention thereof shall be afraid in himself, because of the counsel of the LORD of hosts, wh
167, on the right hand, and be hungry; and he shall eat on the left hand, and they shall not be satisfied: they shall eat every man the flesh of his own arm: 
Manasseh, Ep
216,ifice made by fire unto the LORD, and their sin offering before the LORD, for their ignorance: 
And it shall be forgiven all the congregation of the children of Israel, and the stranger that sojourneth among them; se
186,keth the wise in their own craftiness. 
And again, The Lord knoweth the thoughts of the wise, that they are vain. 
Therefore let no man glory in men. For all things are your's; 
Whether 
180, is true. 
And there are also many other things which Jesus did, the which, if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books th
197, of the mountains. 
Now will I shortly pour out my fury upon thee, and accomplish mine anger upon thee: and I will judge thee according to thy ways, and will recompense thee for all thine abominati
174,ly they are smitten down before us, as in the first battle. 
But when the flame began to arise up out of the city with a pillar of smoke, the Benjamites looked behind them, a
173,fered up Isaac: and he that had received the promises offered up his only begotten son, 
Of whom it was said, That in Isaac shall thy seed be called: 
Accounting that God wa
176,things for me. 
He shall send from heaven, and save me from the reproach of him that would swallow me up. Selah. God shall send forth his mercy and his truth. 
My soul is among
194,ORD heareth the poor, and despiseth not his prisoners. 
Let the heaven and earth praise him, the seas, and every thing that moveth therein. 
For God will save Zion, and will build the cities of 
173,mpelled them to blaspheme; and being exceedingly mad against them, I persecuted them even unto strange cities. 
Whereupon as I went to Damascus with authority and commission
161, in his house, like the feast of a king; and Nabal's heart was merry within him, for he was very drunken: wherefore she told him nothing, less or more, until the
226,ar. And Manoah and his wife looked on it, and fell on their faces to the ground. 
But the angel of the LORD did no more appear to Manoah and to his wife. Then Manoah knew that he was an angel of the LORD. 
And Manoah said unto
204, and for all whose wickedness I have hid my face from this city. 
Behold, I will bring it health and cure, and I will cure them, and will reveal unto them the abundance of peace and truth. 
And I will cau
225, Ephraim fall in their iniquity: Judah also shall fall with them. 
They shall go with their flocks and with their herds to seek the LORD; but they shall not find him; he hath withdrawn himself from them. 
They have dealt trea
207,ke with me. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks; 
And in the midst of the seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with 
228,ness, and comfort myself: 
I am afraid of all my sorrows, I know that thou wilt not hold me innocent. 
If I be wicked, why then labour I in vain? 
If I wash myself with snow water, and make my hands never so clean; 
Yet shalt th
187, 
Whereof the Holy Ghost also is a witness to us: for after that he had said before, 
This is the covenant that I will make with them after those days, saith the Lord, I will put my laws 
184,ting to receive something of them. 
Then Peter said, Silver and gold have I none; but such as I have give I thee: In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk. 
And he took
231, camp to Joshua at Makkedah in peace: none moved his tongue against any of the children of Israel. 
Then said Joshua, Open the mouth of the cave, and bring out those five kings unto me out of the cave. 
And they did so, and brought
220,erusalem: but I will return again unto you, if God will. And he sailed from Ephesus. 
And when he had landed at Caesarea, and gone up, and saluted the church, he went down to Antioch. 
And after he had spent some time th
168,an put his hand to his mouth: for the people feared the oath. 
But Jonathan heard not when his father charged the people with the oath: wherefore he put forth the end o
219,e a token unto thee, that I have sent thee: When thou hast brought forth the people out of Egypt, ye shall serve God upon this mountain. 
And Moses said unto God, Behold, when I come unto the children of Israel, and sha
223,n by our father Isaac; 
(For the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth;) 
It was said unto her, T
185,m that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our Saviour Jesus Christ: 
Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God, and
201, thou, and I will answer: or let me speak, and answer thou me. 
How many are mine iniquities and sins? make me to know my transgression and my sin. 
Wherefore hidest thou thy face, and holdest me for t
204,pledge shall I give thee? And she said, Thy signet, and thy bracelets, and thy staff that is in thine hand. And he gave it her, and came in unto her, and she conceived by him. 
And she arose, and went awa
216,ain. 
(For he saith, I have heard thee in a time accepted, and in the day of salvation have I succoured thee: behold, now is the accepted time; behold, now is the day of salvation.) 
Giving no offence in any thing, t
221,e flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of horses, and of them that sit on them, and the flesh of all men, both free and bond, both small and great. 
And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathere
196,I partly believe it. 
For there must be also heresies among you, that they which are approved may be made manifest among you. 
When ye come together therefore into one place, this is not to eat th
167,y, for Tyrus, for the service that he had served against it: 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will give the land of Egypt unto Nebuchadrezzar king of Baby
205,away! 
Jesus answered and said unto them, Verily I say unto you, If ye have faith, and doubt not, ye shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if ye shall say unto this mountain, Be th
169,. 
And the Lord said, Hear what the unjust judge saith. 
And shall not God avenge his own elect, which cry day and night unto him, though he bear long with them? 
I tell
198, Ye men of Israel, take heed to yourselves what ye intend to do as touching these men. 
For before these days rose up Theudas, boasting himself to be somebody; to whom a number of men, about four hu
236,moon and the eleven stars made obeisance to me. 
And he told it to his father, and to his brethren: and his father rebuked him, and said unto him, What is this dream that thou hast dreamed? Shall I and thy mother and thy brethren indeed
188,ch said unto thee, Take up thy bed, and walk? 
And he that was healed wist not who it was: for Jesus had conveyed himself away, a multitude being in that place. 
Afterward Jesus findeth hi
184, the men of thy confederacy have brought thee even to the border: the men that were at peace with thee have deceived thee, and prevailed against thee; that they eat thy bread have laid
160,land: for they did not drive them out. 
Neither did Naphtali drive out the inhabitants of Bethshemesh, nor the inhabitants of Bethanath; but he dwelt among the 
170,s, and said, O God, the God of the spirits of all flesh, shall one man sin, and wilt thou be wroth with all the congregation? 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Spe
189,ronounce him unclean: it is a plague of leprosy broken out of the boil. 
But if the priest look on it, and, behold, there be no white hairs therein, and if it be not lower than the skin, bu
175,d have gotten more wisdom than all they that have been before me in Jerusalem: yea, my heart had great experience of wisdom and knowledge. 
And I gave my heart to know wisdom,
185,hy latter end; 
And thou say in thine heart, My power and the might of mine hand hath gotten me this wealth. 
But thou shalt remember the LORD thy God: for it is he that giveth thee pow
208,l that are round about her, the daughters of the Philistines, which despise thee round about. 
Thou hast borne thy lewdness and thine abominations, saith the LORD. 
For thus saith the Lord GOD; I will even de
184,all our days, we, our wives, our sons, nor our daughters; 
Nor to build houses for us to dwell in: neither have we vineyard, nor field, nor seed: 
But we have dwelt in tents, and have 
211,t pass; 
Turn from him, that he may rest, till he shall accomplish, as an hireling, his day. 
For there is hope of a tree, if it be cut down, that it will sprout again, and that the tender branch thereof will no
184,, He that soweth the good seed is the Son of man; 
The field is the world; the good seed are the children of the kingdom; but the tares are the children of the wicked one; 
The enemy t
175,cles, but because ye did eat of the loaves, and were filled. 
Labour not for the meat which perisheth, but for that meat which endureth unto everlasting life, which the Son of
229,r heart cried unto the LORD, O wall of the daughter of Zion, let tears run down like a river day and night: give thyself no rest; let not the apple of thine eye cease. 
Arise, cry out in the night: in the beginning of the watches
188,at that is upon the inwards, 
And the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, which is by the flanks, and the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away. 
And the pr
168,ing out the pledge abroad unto thee. 
And if the man be poor, thou shalt not sleep with his pledge: 
In any case thou shalt deliver him the pledge again when the sun go
166,his is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man, in the likeness of God made he him; 
Male and female created he them; and blessed them, a
190,nd help them. And they came, and filled both the ships, so that they began to sink. 
When Simon Peter saw it, he fell down at Jesus' knees, saying, Depart from me; for I am a sinful man, O L
168,will ye do in the day of visitation, and in the desolation which shall come from far? to whom will ye flee for help? and where will ye leave your glory? 
Without me the
