1000
209,e are the children of the prophets, and of the covenant which God made with our fathers, saying unto Abraham, And in thy seed shall all the kindreds of the earth be blessed. 
Unto you first God, having raised 
166,that ye have put me in prison? 
Where are now your prophets which prophesied unto you, saying, The king of Babylon shall not come against you, nor against this land? 
178,eard thereof, they followed him on foot out of the cities. 
And Jesus went forth, and saw a great multitude, and was moved with compassion toward them, and he healed their sick. 
163,the things that shall come upon them make haste. 
For the LORD shall judge his people, and repent himself for his servants, when he seeth that their power is gone,
185,m twenty years old and above, shall give an offering unto the LORD. 
The rich shall not give more, and the poor shall not give less than half a shekel, when they give an offering unto t
202,hen must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behaviour, given to hospitality, apt to teach; 
Not given to wine, no striker, not greedy of filthy lucre; but patient, not a bra
189,ur drink: for why should he see your faces worse liking than the children which are of your sort? then shall ye make me endanger my head to the king. 
Then said Daniel to Melzar, whom the p
166, unto them; serve the king of Babylon, and live: wherefore should this city be laid waste? 
But if they be prophets, and if the word of the LORD be with them, let the
188,zekiah with their clothes rent, and told him the words of Rabshakeh. 
And it came to pass, when king Hezekiah heard it, that he rent his clothes, and covered himself with sackcloth, and we
213,refore mine heart shall sound for Moab like pipes, and mine heart shall sound like pipes for the men of Kirheres: because the riches that he hath gotten are perished. 
For every head shall be bald, and every beard
228,him, Yes, Lord: yet the dogs under the table eat of the children's crumbs. 
And he said unto her, For this saying go thy way; the devil is gone out of thy daughter. 
And when she was come to her house, she found the devil gone o
183,eople, even all the children of Israel, being seven thousand. 
And they went out at noon. But Benhadad was drinking himself drunk in the pavilions, he and the kings, the thirty and tw
181,Neither shall one thrust another; they shall walk every one in his path: and when they fall upon the sword, they shall not be wounded. 
They shall run to and fro in the city; they s
232,ted blood, even blood shall pursue thee. 
Thus will I make mount Seir most desolate, and cut off from it him that passeth out and him that returneth. 
And I will fill his mountains with his slain men: in thy hills, and in thy valley
211,he times, to know what Israel ought to do; the heads of them were two hundred; and all their brethren were at their commandment. 
Of Zebulun, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, with all instruments of 
216,divideth not the hoof; he is unclean unto you. 
And the swine, though he divide the hoof, and be clovenfooted, yet he cheweth not the cud; he is unclean to you. 
Of their flesh shall ye not eat, and their carcase sha
191, not that she was his daughter in law.) And she said, What wilt thou give me, that thou mayest come in unto me? 
And he said, I will send thee a kid from the flock. And she said, Wilt thou gi
237,d unto him, We have dreamed a dream, and there is no interpreter of it. And Joseph said unto them, Do not interpretations belong to God? tell me them, I pray you. 
And the chief butler told his dream to Joseph, and said to him, In my dre
205,all things, yea, the deep things of God. 
For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him? even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the Spirit of God. 
Now we have rec
200,herefore a man cunning to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass, and in iron, and in purple, and crimson, and blue, and that can skill to grave with the cunning men that are with me in Judah and i
165,when they fled away and wandered, they said among the heathen, They shall no more sojourn there. 
The anger of the LORD hath divided them; he will no more regard the
210, the rulers brought onyx stones, and stones to be set, for the ephod, and for the breastplate; 
And spice, and oil for the light, and for the anointing oil, and for the sweet incense. 
The children of Israel br
240,ilt. 
For before these days there was no hire for man, nor any hire for beast; neither was there any peace to him that went out or came in because of the affliction: for I set all men every one against his neighbour. 
But now I will not be 
163, Benaiah, and Obededom: and Jeiel with psalteries and with harps; but Asaph made a sound with cymbals; 
Benaiah also and Jahaziel the priests with trumpets continu
188,air, who had three and twenty cities in the land of Gilead. 
And he took Geshur, and Aram, with the towns of Jair, from them, with Kenath, and the towns thereof, even threescore cities. Al
179,red them to cause them to pass through the fire for them? 
And in all thine abominations and thy whoredoms thou hast not remembered the days of thy youth, when thou wast naked and
232,called his name Zebulun. 
And afterwards she bare a daughter, and called her name Dinah. 
And God remembered Rachel, and God hearkened to her, and opened her womb. 
And she conceived, and bare a son; and said, God hath taken away my
220,
And I saw the seven angels which stood before God; and to them were given seven trumpets. 
And another angel came and stood at the altar, having a golden censer; and there was given unto him much incense, that he should
169,hese curses in a book, and he shall blot them out with the bitter water: 
And he shall cause the woman to drink the bitter water that causeth the curse: and the water th
183,, which is at the entry of Pharaoh's house in Tahpanhes, in the sight of the men of Judah; 
And say unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will send and
203,LORD. 
This is the lamentation wherewith they shall lament her: the daughters of the nations shall lament her: they shall lament for her, even for Egypt, and for all her multitude, saith the Lord GOD. 
I
240,trespass offering unto the LORD, unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, even a ram for a trespass offering. 
And the priest shall make an atonement for him with the ram of the trespass offering before the LORD for his sin whic
236,errors of death are fallen upon me. 
Fearfulness and trembling are come upon me, and horror hath overwhelmed me. 
And I said, Oh that I had wings like a dove! for then would I fly away, and be at rest. 
Lo, then would I wander far off, 
235,ll not suffer him to sleep. 
There is a sore evil which I have seen under the sun, namely, riches kept for the owners thereof to their hurt. 
But those riches perish by evil travail: and he begetteth a son, and there is nothing in his 
187,r of disease. 
Now the names of the twelve apostles are these; The first, Simon, who is called Peter, and Andrew his brother; James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother; 
Philip, and 
207,ear unto me, even all the heads of your tribes, and your elders; 
And ye said, Behold, the LORD our God hath shewed us his glory and his greatness, and we have heard his voice out of the midst of the fire: w
212,ntil he became very great: 
For he had possession of flocks, and possession of herds, and great store of servants: and the Philistines envied him. 
For all the wells which his father's servants had digged in the 
179, be ye terrified because of them; 
For the LORD your God is he that goeth with you, to fight for you against your enemies, to save you. 
And the officers shall speak unto the peop
168,els; thou crownedst him with glory and honour, and didst set him over the works of thy hands: 
Thou hast put all things in subjection under his feet. For in that he put
238, man is he that liveth, and shall not see death? shall he deliver his soul from the hand of the grave? Selah. 
Lord, where are thy former lovingkindnesses, which thou swarest unto David in thy truth? 
Remember, Lord, the reproach of thy s
189,rch; touching the righteousness which is in the law, blameless. 
But what things were gain to me, those I counted loss for Christ. 
Yea doubtless, and I count all things but loss for the ex
227,, a man of Issachar; and he dwelt in Shamir in mount Ephraim. 
And he judged Israel twenty and three years, and died, and was buried in Shamir. 
And after him arose Jair, a Gileadite, and judged Israel twenty and two years. 
An
170,alute Prisca and Aquila, and the household of Onesiphorus. 
Erastus abode at Corinth: but Trophimus have I left at Miletum sick. 
Do thy diligence to come before winter. 
225,sand and six hundred. 
Of the children of Issachar, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go f
209,ephibosheth. 
So Mephibosheth dwelt in Jerusalem: for he did eat continually at the king's table; and was lame on both his feet. 
And it came to pass after this, that the king of the children of Ammon died, an
174,Behold, I will bring again the shadow of the degrees, which is gone down in the sun dial of Ahaz, ten degrees backward. So the sun returned ten degrees, by which degrees it w
166,to prayer, a certain damsel possessed with a spirit of divination met us, which brought her masters much gain by soothsaying: 
The same followed Paul and us, and crie
197, to be done. 
And Moses brought Aaron and his sons, and washed them with water. 
And he put upon him the coat, and girded him with the girdle, and clothed him with the robe, and put the ephod upon 
186,borne me a man of strife and a man of contention to the whole earth! I have neither lent on usury, nor men have lent to me on usury; yet every one of them doth curse me. 
The LORD said, 
234, merchant? 
Behold his bed, which is Solomon's; threescore valiant men are about it, of the valiant of Israel. 
They all hold swords, being expert in war: every man hath his sword upon his thigh because of fear in the night. 
King Sol
177,herein they have transgressed against thee, and give them compassion before them who carried them captive, that they may have compassion on them: 
For they be thy people, and th
181, the winepress alone; and of the people there was none with me: for I will tread them in mine anger, and trample them in my fury; and their blood shall be sprinkled upon my garments
233,d. And the angel of the LORD stood by the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite. 
And David lifted up his eyes, and saw the angel of the LORD stand between the earth and the heaven, having a drawn sword in his hand stretched out over 
199, long abstinence Paul stood forth in the midst of them, and said, Sirs, ye should have hearkened unto me, and not have loosed from Crete, and to have gained this harm and loss. 
And now I exhort you 
173,trength. 
Yet heard I the voice of his words: and when I heard the voice of his words, then was I in a deep sleep on my face, and my face toward the ground. 
And, behold, an
196, the province, that went up out of the captivity, of those that had been carried away, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away, and came again to Jerusalem and to Judah, every one
179,eople, my horses as thy horses. 
And Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel, Enquire, I pray thee, at the word of the LORD to day. 
Then the king of Israel gathered the prophets
239,not sent him; but that he pronounced this prophecy against me: for Tobiah and Sanballat had hired him. 
Therefore was he hired, that I should be afraid, and do so, and sin, and that they might have matter for an evil report, that they migh
180, Lord Jesus Christ. 
We have sent therefore Judas and Silas, who shall also tell you the same things by mouth. 
For it seemed good to the Holy Ghost, and to us, to lay upon you no 
240,seven lambs, and seven he goats, for a sin offering for the kingdom, and for the sanctuary, and for Judah. And he commanded the priests the sons of Aaron to offer them on the altar of the LORD. 
So they killed the bullocks, and the priests 
166,hem gods of gold. 
Yet now, if thou wilt forgive their sin--; and if not, blot me, I pray thee, out of thy book which thou hast written. 
And the LORD said unto Moses
177, are left, have I gathered all the earth; and there was none that moved the wing, or opened the mouth, or peeped. 
Shall the axe boast itself against him that heweth therewith? 
188,rouble spring out of the ground; 
Yet man is born unto trouble, as the sparks fly upward. 
I would seek unto God, and unto God would I commit my cause: 
Which doeth great things and unsear
205,hey lay themselves down upon clothes laid to pledge by every altar, and they drink the wine of the condemned in the house of their god. 
Yet destroyed I the Amorite before them, whose height was like the h
197,ye shall take my offering. 
And this is the offering which ye shall take of them; gold, and silver, and brass, 
And blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen, and goats' hair, 
And rams' skins 
202,arim, and the border went out on the west, and went out to the well of waters of Nephtoah: 
And the border came down to the end of the mountain that lieth before the valley of the son of Hinnom, and whi
239,id thy father, Because thou hast not walked in the ways of Jehoshaphat thy father, nor in the ways of Asa king of Judah, 
But hast walked in the way of the kings of Israel, and hast made Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to go a whori
202,he wicked shall want. 
Every wise woman buildeth her house: but the foolish plucketh it down with her hands. 
He that walketh in his uprightness feareth the LORD: but he that is perverse in his ways des
215,re they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb. 
Therefore are they before the throne of God, and serve him day and night in his temple: and he
166,id unto him, Are we blind also? 
Jesus said unto them, If ye were blind, ye should have no sin: but now ye say, We see; therefore your sin remaineth. 
Verily, verily,
163,e; 
The king of Kedesh, one; the king of Jokneam of Carmel, one; 
The king of Dor in the coast of Dor, one; the king of the nations of Gilgal, one; 
The king of Ti
191,is side Jordan eastward. 
And Moses said unto them, If ye will do this thing, if ye will go armed before the LORD to war, 
And will go all of you armed over Jordan before the LORD, until he h
176, whatsoever doth make manifest is light. 
Wherefore he saith, Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light. 
See then that ye walk circum
228, stood there, who had made a fire of coals; for it was cold: and they warmed themselves: and Peter stood with them, and warmed himself. 
The high priest then asked Jesus of his disciples, and of his doctrine. 
Jesus answered him
188, behind and before, and laid thine hand upon me. 
Such knowledge is too wonderful for me; it is high, I cannot attain unto it. 
Whither shall I go from thy spirit? or whither shall I flee 
201,d it in a tomb. 
And the apostles gathered themselves together unto Jesus, and told him all things, both what they had done, and what they had taught. 
And he said unto them, Come ye yourselves apart i
160, will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land wherein thou art a stranger, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession; and I will be the
206,e eyes of the blind shall be opened, and the ears of the deaf shall be unstopped. 
Then shall the lame man leap as an hart, and the tongue of the dumb sing: for in the wilderness shall waters break out, and
208,itting there, and reasoning in their hearts, 
Why doth this man thus speak blasphemies? who can forgive sins but God only? 
And immediately when Jesus perceived in his spirit that they so reasoned within them
177,earth? 
And David commanded his young men, and they slew them, and cut off their hands and their feet, and hanged them up over the pool in Hebron. But they took the head of Ishb
225, thereof, and what is the length thereof. 
And, behold, the angel that talked with me went forth, and another angel went out to meet him, 
And said unto him, Run, speak to this young man, saying, Jerusalem shall be inhabited 
218, Samuel turned again after Saul; and Saul worshipped the LORD. 
Then said Samuel, Bring ye hither to me Agag the king of the Amalekites. And Agag came unto him delicately. And Agag said, Surely the bitterness of death 
235,Israel, that are near, and that are far off, through all the countries whither thou hast driven them, because of their trespass that they have trespassed against thee. 
O Lord, to us belongeth confusion of face, to our kings, to our pr
230,erefore say unto the house of Israel, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Repent, and turn yourselves from your idols; and turn away your faces from all your abominations. 
For every one of the house of Israel, or of the stranger that sojour
211,e to Jeremiah from the LORD, saying, 
Arise, and go down to the potter's house, and there I will cause thee to hear my words. 
Then I went down to the potter's house, and, behold, he wrought a work on the wheels
197,superscription? And they said unto him, Caesar's. 
And Jesus answering said unto them, Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's. And they marvelled at him
230,to the sepulchre at the rising of the sun. 
And they said among themselves, Who shall roll us away the stone from the door of the sepulchre? 
And when they looked, they saw that the stone was rolled away: for it was very great. 
A
236,re very sorry, and came and told unto their lord all that was done. 
Then his lord, after that he had called him, said unto him, O thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all that debt, because thou desiredst me: 
Shouldest not thou also ha
193,needeth. 
Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers. 
And grieve not the holy Spirit of 
218, my people, that we should be able to offer so willingly after this sort? for all things come of thee, and of thine own have we given thee. 
For we are strangers before thee, and sojourners, as were all our fathers: ou
226, answered and said unto the woman, Hide not from me, I pray thee, the thing that I shall ask thee. And the woman said, Let my lord the king now speak. 
And the king said, Is not the hand of Joab with thee in all this? And the 
174,s were fulfilled, after that the LORD had smitten the river. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, Go unto Pharaoh, and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Let my people go, that th
172,; but he that committeth fornication sinneth against his own body. 
What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, 
190, God forbid: for if there had been a law given which could have given life, verily righteousness should have been by the law. 
But the scripture hath concluded all under sin, that the promis
181, unclean. 
But if the scall be in his sight at a stay, and that there is black hair grown up therein; the scall is healed, he is clean: and the priest shall pronounce him clean. 
If
240,everlasting kindness will I have mercy on thee, saith the LORD thy Redeemer. 
For this is as the waters of Noah unto me: for as I have sworn that the waters of Noah should no more go over the earth; so have I sworn that I would not be wroth
218,he charge of the LORD, at the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Make thee two trumpets of silver; of a whole piece shalt thou make them: that thou mayest use them fo
165, Judah and Benjamin, unto every fenced city: and he gave them victual in abundance. And he desired many wives. 
And it came to pass, when Rehoboam had established th
187,e ordinances for us, to charge ourselves yearly with the third part of a shekel for the service of the house of our God; 
For the shewbread, and for the continual meat offering, and for t
197,lasphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth. 
Lie not one to another, seeing that ye have put off the old man with his deeds; 
And have put on the new man, which is renewed in knowledge after 
182,and not with grief: for that is unprofitable for you. 
Pray for us: for we trust we have a good conscience, in all things willing to live honestly. 
But I beseech you the rather to d
162,his officers, and to his servants. 
And he will take your menservants, and your maidservants, and your goodliest young men, and your asses, and put them to his wo
238,erness of Sinai. 
And the children of Reuben, Israel's eldest son, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upwar
209,o king Solomon was king over all Israel. 
And these were the princes which he had; Azariah the son of Zadok the priest, 
Elihoreph and Ahiah, the sons of Shisha, scribes; Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud, the rec
172,gation, where I will meet with thee: it shall be unto you most holy. 
And as for the perfume which thou shalt make, ye shall not make to yourselves according to the composi
170,our members as instruments of righteousness unto God. 
For sin shall not have dominion over you: for ye are not under the law, but under grace. 
What then? shall we sin, 
237, of corn after him in whose sight I shall find grace. And she said unto her, Go, my daughter. 
And she went, and came, and gleaned in the field after the reapers: and her hap was to light on a part of the field belonging unto Boaz, who w
239,ave mercy upon me: LORD, be thou my helper. 
Thou hast turned for me my mourning into dancing: thou hast put off my sackcloth, and girded me with gladness; 
To the end that my glory may sing praise to thee, and not be silent. O LORD my God
195,either do they reap, nor gather into barns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye not much better than they? 
Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature? 
And why t
163, commanded us, saying, I have set thee to be a light of the Gentiles, that thou shouldest be for salvation unto the ends of the earth. 
And when the Gentiles heard
203,ted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, Esau came, and with him four hundred men. And he divided the children unto Leah, and unto Rachel, and unto the two handmaids. 
And he put the handmaids and their
238,. 
Jerusalem is builded as a city that is compact together: 
Whither the tribes go up, the tribes of the LORD, unto the testimony of Israel, to give thanks unto the name of the LORD. 
For there are set thrones of judgment, the thrones of 
170,d bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even. 
And he that toucheth the flesh of him that hath the issue shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, an
184,d compassion on his people, and on his dwelling place: 
But they mocked the messengers of God, and despised his words, and misused his prophets, until the wrath of the LORD arose again
189,shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions: 
And also upon the servants and upon the handmaids in those days will I pour out my spirit. 
And I will shew wonders in the heavens and
226,the church; and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord: 
And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him. 
214,d the rock into a standing water, the flint into a fountain of waters. 
Not unto us, O LORD, not unto us, but unto thy name give glory, for thy mercy, and for thy truth's sake. 
Wherefore should the heathen say, Wh
239,ry, and would have eaten: but while they made ready, he fell into a trance, 
And saw heaven opened, and a certain vessel descending upon him, as it had been a great sheet knit at the four corners, and let down to the earth: 
Wherein were a
160,hou? 
Say thou unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; This burden concerneth the prince in Jerusalem, and all the house of Israel that are among them. 
Say, I am y
176,th sharp pointed things upon the mire. 
He maketh the deep to boil like a pot: he maketh the sea like a pot of ointment. 
He maketh a path to shine after him; one would think t
185,cherubims, and scatter them over the city. And he went in in my sight. 
Now the cherubims stood on the right side of the house, when the man went in; and the cloud filled the inner cour
185,t stretched out the earth above the waters: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
To him that made great lights: for his mercy endureth for ever: 
The sun to rule by day: for his mercy endu
161,. 
The LORD shall bless thee out of Zion: and thou shalt see the good of Jerusalem all the days of thy life. 
Yea, thou shalt see thy children's children, and pe
189,n it; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And he took and put the testimony into the ark, and set the staves on the ark, and put the mercy seat above upon the ark: 
And he brought the ark into th
163,s say unto him, Whence should we have so much bread in the wilderness, as to fill so great a multitude? 
And Jesus saith unto them, How many loaves have ye? And th
188,et in great dignity, and the rich sit in low place. 
I have seen servants upon horses, and princes walking as servants upon the earth. 
He that diggeth a pit shall fall into it; and whoso 
161,th weeping, and with supplications will I lead them: I will cause them to walk by the rivers of waters in a straight way, wherein they shall not stumble: for I a
162, from Edom, and from Moab, and from the children of Ammon, and from the Philistines, and from Amalek. 
Moreover Abishai the son of Zeruiah slew of the Edomites in
220,was Joseph's:) 
The sons, I say, of Reuben the firstborn of Israel were, Hanoch, and Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi. 
The sons of Joel; Shemaiah his son, Gog his son, Shimei his son, 
Micah his son, Reaia his son, Baal his son
240,
And it shall be when the LORD shall bring thee into the land of the Canaanites, as he sware unto thee and to thy fathers, and shall give it thee, 
That thou shalt set apart unto the LORD all that openeth the matrix, and every firstling tha
182,and marrow to thy bones. 
Honour the LORD with thy substance, and with the firstfruits of all thine increase: 
So shall thy barns be filled with plenty, and thy presses shall burst o
235,spoiling of the daughter of my people. 
For it is a day of trouble, and of treading down, and of perplexity by the Lord GOD of hosts in the valley of vision, breaking down the walls, and of crying to the mountains. 
And Elam bare the q
228,y father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that ye have seen; and ye shall haste and bring down my father hither. 
And he fell upon his brother Benjamin's neck, and wept; and Benjamin wept upon his neck. 
Moreover he kissed a
223,e: and the people sought him, and came unto him, and stayed him, that he should not depart from them. 
And he said unto them, I must preach the kingdom of God to other cities also: for therefore am I sent. 
And he preached 
233,y servants, and confess the sins of the children of Israel, which we have sinned against thee: both I and my father's house have sinned. 
We have dealt very corruptly against thee, and have not kept the commandments, nor the statutes
176,ends was his wrath kindled, because they had found no answer, and yet had condemned Job. 
Now Elihu had waited till Job had spoken, because they were elder than he. 
When Elihu
217,nd he took him a potsherd to scrape himself withal; and he sat down among the ashes. 
Then said his wife unto him, Dost thou still retain thine integrity? curse God, and die. 
But he said unto her, Thou speakest as on
199, the street of the city was pure gold, as it were transparent glass. 
And I saw no temple therein: for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple of it. 
And the city had no need of the sun, n
177,he governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son; 
And say, Thus saith the king, Put this fellow in the prison, and feed him with bread of affliction and with water of affli
190,captives, whom I have caused to be carried away from Jerusalem unto Babylon; 
Build ye houses, and dwell in them; and plant gardens, and eat the fruit of them; 
Take ye wives, and beget sons
228,r to his companion. And the Philistines came up, and burnt her and her father with fire. 
And Samson said unto them, Though ye have done this, yet will I be avenged of you, and after that I will cease. 
And he smote them hip and
178,e with the clouds of heaven, and came to the Ancient of days, and they brought him near before him. 
And there was given him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, 
194,after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years, and begat sons and daughters. 
And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat Serug: 
And Reu lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years
176,ays in gathering of the spoil, it was so much. 
And on the fourth day they assembled themselves in the valley of Berachah; for there they blessed the LORD: therefore the name o
238, him, and smote Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan with the sword, and slew him, whom the king of Babylon had made governor over the land. 
Ishmael also slew all the Jews that were with him, even with Gedaliah, at Mizpah, and t
197,s south of Chinneroth, and in the valley, and in the borders of Dor on the west, 
And to the Canaanite on the east and on the west, and to the Amorite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, and the J
160,it the throne of glory: for the pillars of the earth are the LORD's, and he hath set the world upon them. 
He will keep the feet of his saints, and the wicked s
190,s into the first tabernacle, accomplishing the service of God. 
But into the second went the high priest alone once every year, not without blood, which he offered for himself, and for the e
217,py that deal very treacherously? 
Thou hast planted them, yea, they have taken root: they grow, yea, they bring forth fruit: thou art near in their mouth, and far from their reins. 
But thou, O LORD, knowest me: thou 
167, and he was uncovered within his tent. 
And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brethren without. 
And Shem and Japheth took a
203,ow? or will he harrow the valleys after thee? 
Wilt thou trust him, because his strength is great? or wilt thou leave thy labour to him? 
Wilt thou believe him, that he will bring home thy seed, and gath
161,nes; 
Gebal, and Ammon, and Amalek; the Philistines with the inhabitants of Tyre; 
Assur also is joined with them: they have holpen the children of Lot. Selah. 

177,ch tribe: and I will send them, and they shall rise, and go through the land, and describe it according to the inheritance of them; and they shall come again to me. 
And they sh
188,, Get her for me; for she pleaseth me well. 
But his father and his mother knew not that it was of the LORD, that he sought an occasion against the Philistines: for at that time the Philis
220, said David, to praise therewith. 
And David divided them into courses among the sons of Levi, namely, Gershon, Kohath, and Merari. 
Of the Gershonites were, Laadan, and Shimei. 
The sons of Laadan; the chief was Jehiel,
165,vised to take away my life. 
But I trusted in thee, O LORD: I said, Thou art my God. 
My times are in thy hand: deliver me from the hand of mine enemies, and from th
227,On the seventh day, when the heart of the king was merry with wine, he commanded Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, and Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas, the seven chamberlains that served in the presence of Ahasuerus the king, 
To b
211,year to year, when she came up with her husband to offer the yearly sacrifice. 
And Eli blessed Elkanah and his wife, and said, The LORD give thee seed of this woman for the loan which is lent to the LORD. And t
219,s: behold, they shall come forth unto you, and ye shall see their way and their doings: and ye shall be comforted concerning the evil that I have brought upon Jerusalem, even concerning all that I have brought upon it. 
226, unto thy fathers, and give thee all the land which he promised to give unto thy fathers; 
If thou shalt keep all these commandments to do them, which I command thee this day, to love the LORD thy God, and to walk ever in his 
162,: the rock of my strength, and my refuge, is in God. 
Trust in him at all times; ye people, pour out your heart before him: God is a refuge for us. Selah. 
Surely
170,y which testify of me. 
And ye will not come to me, that ye might have life. 
I receive not honour from men. 
But I know you, that ye have not the love of God in you. 
I 
166,ehold, Damascus is taken away from being a city, and it shall be a ruinous heap. 
The cities of Aroer are forsaken: they shall be for flocks, which shall lie down, an
181,n our sacks. 
And he said, Peace be to you, fear not: your God, and the God of your father, hath given you treasure in your sacks: I had your money. And he brought Simeon out unto t
229,any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book. 
He which testifieth these t
207,eration to generation. 
Awake, awake, put on strength, O arm of the LORD; awake, as in the ancient days, in the generations of old. Art thou not it that hath cut Rahab, and wounded the dragon? 
Art thou not 
164,ariots of the Syrians, and forty thousand horsemen, and smote Shobach the captain of their host, who died there. 
And when all the kings that were servants to Hadar
161, proceedeth. 
Behold ye among the heathen, and regard, and wonder marvelously: for I will work a work in your days which ye will not believe, though it be told y
200, counsel of one that had a familiar spirit, to enquire of it; 
And enquired not of the LORD: therefore he slew him, and turned the kingdom unto David the son of Jesse. 
Then all Israel gathered themse
166,you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy no man taketh from you. 
And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye 
183,nd about, and chased them, and trode them down with ease over against Gibeah toward the sunrising. 
And there fell of Benjamin eighteen thousand men; all these were men of valour. 
An
177,ed from them, then it shall be washed the second time, and shall be clean. 
This is the law of the plague of leprosy in a garment of woollen or linen, either in the warp, or woo
211,ebearer are as wounds, and they go down into the innermost parts of the belly. 
Burning lips and a wicked heart are like a potsherd covered with silver dross. 
He that hateth dissembleth with his lips, and layet
223,ds giveth light; it giveth understanding unto the simple. 
I opened my mouth, and panted: for I longed for thy commandments. 
Look thou upon me, and be merciful unto me, as thou usest to do unto those that love thy name. 
O
231,: and he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day; 
And he lift up his eyes and looked, and, lo, three men stood by him: and when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself toward the ground, 
And sai
197,ent, he and the six hundred men that were with him, and came to the brook Besor, where those that were left behind stayed. 
But David pursued, he and four hundred men: for two hundred abode behind,
166,s glorified in him. 
If God be glorified in him, God shall also glorify him in himself, and shall straightway glorify him. 
Little children, yet a little while I am w
202,ill I watch over them, to build, and to plant, saith the LORD. 
In those days they shall say no more, The fathers have eaten a sour grape, and the children's teeth are set on edge. 
But every one shall 
183,out of the tribe of the children of Benjamin, these cities, which are called by their names. 
And the residue of the families of the sons of Kohath had cities of their coasts out of t
186, river even unto the land of the Philistines, and to the border of Egypt. 
And the king made silver in Jerusalem as stones, and cedar trees made he as the sycomore trees that are in the 
203,ved not his word: 
But murmured in their tents, and hearkened not unto the voice of the LORD. 
Therefore he lifted up his hand against them, to overthrow them in the wilderness: 
To overthrow their seed 
170,ave enough, and they are shepherds that cannot understand: they all look to their own way, every one for his gain, from his quarter. 
Come ye, say they, I will fetch wine
217,e in league with the stones of the field: and the beasts of the field shall be at peace with thee. 
And thou shalt know that thy tabernacle shall be in peace; and thou shalt visit thy habitation, and shalt not sin. 
T
179,, for I am holy. 
This is the law of the beasts, and of the fowl, and of every living creature that moveth in the waters, and of every creature that creepeth upon the earth: 
To m
218, be given into his hand. 
And when he hath taken away the multitude, his heart shall be lifted up; and he shall cast down many ten thousands: but he shall not be strengthened by it. 
For the king of the north shall ret
211,who are under the law: that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God. 
Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight: for by the law is the kn
229,mbers were in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east, over against the separate place, and over against the building. 
And the way before them was like the appearance of the chambers which were toward the north, a
202,ay of thine anger; thou hast killed, and not pitied. 
Thou hast called as in a solemn day my terrors round about, so that in the day of the LORD's anger none escaped nor remained: those that I have swad
231, the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now herewith, saith the LORD of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enou
179,or Hazor beforetime was the head of all those kingdoms. 
And they smote all the souls that were therein with the edge of the sword, utterly destroying them: there was not any left
168,b, and Jacob was yet scarce gone out from the presence of Isaac his father, that Esau his brother came in from his hunting. 
And he also had made savoury meat, and brou
164,ote them, and put them to death in Riblah in the land of Hamath. Thus Judah was carried away captive out of his own land. 
This is the people whom Nebuchadrezzar ca
199,is servant unto me in like manner the fifth time with an open letter in his hand; 
Wherein was written, It is reported among the heathen, and Gashmu saith it, that thou and the Jews think to rebel: f
235, quick raw flesh in the rising; 
It is an old leprosy in the skin of his flesh, and the priest shall pronounce him unclean, and shall not shut him up: for he is unclean. 
And if a leprosy break out abroad in the skin, and the leprosy c
221,ur camps to come up unto your nostrils: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD. 
I have overthrown some of you, as God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah, and ye were as a firebrand plucked out of the burning: yet hav
185, blood: 
Destruction and misery are in their ways: 
And the way of peace have they not known: 
There is no fear of God before their eyes. 
Now we know that what things soever the law sa
173,, or brethren, or wife, or children, for the kingdom of God's sake, 
Who shall not receive manifold more in this present time, and in the world to come life everlasting. 
Th
166,d they came, and filled both the ships, so that they began to sink. 
When Simon Peter saw it, he fell down at Jesus' knees, saying, Depart from me; for I am a sinful 
224,e colt? 
And they said, The Lord hath need of him. 
And they brought him to Jesus: and they cast their garments upon the colt, and they set Jesus thereon. 
And as he went, they spread their clothes in the way. 
And when he w
181, drink his blood, ye have no life in you. 
Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life; and I will raise him up at the last day. 
For my flesh is meat indeed, an
227,e fat of the mighty, the bow of Jonathan turned not back, and the sword of Saul returned not empty. 
Saul and Jonathan were lovely and pleasant in their lives, and in their death they were not divided: they were swifter than ea
168,rer are as wounds, and they go down into the innermost parts of the belly. 
He also that is slothful in his work is brother to him that is a great waster. 
The name of 
170, be ashamed of the oaks which ye have desired, and ye shall be confounded for the gardens that ye have chosen. 
For ye shall be as an oak whose leaf fadeth, and as a gard
189,s skin, or the leopard his spots? then may ye also do good, that are accustomed to do evil. 
Therefore will I scatter them as the stubble that passeth away by the wind of the wilderness. 
T
186,ess, to walk in the ways of darkness; 
Who rejoice to do evil, and delight in the frowardness of the wicked; 
Whose ways are crooked, and they froward in their paths: 
To deliver thee fr
189,contrite spirit. 
Many are the afflictions of the righteous: but the LORD delivereth him out of them all. 
He keepeth all his bones: not one of them is broken. 
Evil shall slay the wicked: 
216, of the time of her separation, or if it run beyond the time of her separation; all the days of the issue of her uncleanness shall be as the days of her separation: she shall be unclean. 
Every bed whereon she lieth 
176, feet with tears, and did wipe them with the hairs of her head, and kissed his feet, and anointed them with the ointment. 
Now when the Pharisee which had bidden him saw it, he
191,shment, a proverb, and a byword, among all nations whither the LORD shall lead thee. 
Thou shalt carry much seed out into the field, and shalt gather but little in; for the locust shall consu
187, their eyes. 
And say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will take the children of Israel from among the heathen, whither they be gone, and will gather them on every side, and 
190,do, and weep? the damsel is not dead, but sleepeth. 
And they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, he taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were wi
194,is going forth, and the moon shall not cause her light to shine. 
And I will punish the world for their evil, and the wicked for their iniquity; and I will cause the arrogancy of the proud to ce
200, it out of thy bosom. 
For God is my King of old, working salvation in the midst of the earth. 
Thou didst divide the sea by thy strength: thou brakest the heads of the dragons in the waters. 
Thou br
224, that is on the fire which is upon the altar: 
But he shall wash the inwards and the legs with water: and the priest shall bring it all, and burn it upon the altar: it is a burnt sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a swe
161,unto the mountains, and to the hills, to the rivers, and to the valleys, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I have spoken in my jealousy and in my fury, because ye
175,ld my father hide this thing from me? it is not so. 
And David sware moreover, and said, Thy father certainly knoweth that I have found grace in thine eyes; and he saith, Let 
203, before the tabernacle of the congregation: and all the congregation drew near and stood before the LORD. 
And Moses said, This is the thing which the LORD commanded that ye should do: and the glory of t
234,d of God came to Nathan, saying, 
Go and tell David my servant, Thus saith the LORD, Thou shalt not build me an house to dwell in: 
For I have not dwelt in an house since the day that I brought up Israel unto this day; but have gone f
185, land, and bring us word again by what way we must go up, and into what cities we shall come. 
And the saying pleased me well: and I took twelve men of you, one of a tribe: 
And they tu
165, Meraioth, 
Meraioth begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub, 
And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Ahimaaz, 
And Ahimaaz begat Azariah, and Azariah begat Johanan
181,
And an highway shall be there, and a way, and it shall be called The way of holiness; the unclean shall not pass over it; but it shall be for those: the wayfaring men, though fools
181,e no more, because of the sword which I will send among you. 
And it shall be, if they refuse to take the cup at thine hand to drink, then shalt thou say unto them, Thus saith the L
162,go up and fall at Ramothgilead? And one said on this manner, and another said on that manner. 
And there came forth a spirit, and stood before the LORD, and said,
218, it is an ancient nation, a nation whose language thou knowest not, neither understandest what they say. 
Their quiver is as an open sepulchre, they are all mighty men. 
And they shall eat up thine harvest, and thy bre
223,ths ye shall offer a burnt offering unto the LORD; two young bullocks, and one ram, seven lambs of the first year without spot; 
And three tenth deals of flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, for one bullock; and two
220,ered; and men gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they are burned. 
If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you. 
Herein is my Father glorified, that y
169,ers hath chosen thee, that thou shouldest know his will, and see that Just One, and shouldest hear the voice of his mouth. 
For thou shalt be his witness unto all men of
232,captives, and pray toward their land, which thou gavest unto their fathers, and toward the city which thou hast chosen, and toward the house which I have built for thy name: 
Then hear thou from the heavens, even from thy dwelling p
230,with his father's wife; because he uncovereth his father's skirt. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
Cursed be he that lieth with any manner of beast. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
Cursed be he that lieth with his sister,
183,. 
And he that sitteth on any thing whereon he sat that hath the issue shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even. 
And he that toucheth the fle
171,e salt have lost his saltness, wherewith will ye season it? Have salt in yourselves, and have peace one with another. 
And he arose from thence, and cometh into the coasts
185,fferings of Israel my people? 
Wherefore the LORD God of Israel saith, I said indeed that thy house, and the house of thy father, should walk before me for ever: but now the LORD saith,
172,ereas ye know not what shall be on the morrow. For what is your life? It is even a vapour, that appeareth for a little time, and then vanisheth away. 
For that ye ought to 
203,him. 
And he laid his carcase in his own grave; and they mourned over him, saying, Alas, my brother! 
And it came to pass, after he had buried him, that he spake to his sons, saying, When I am dead, then
232,bel have laid the foundation of this house; his hands shall also finish it; and thou shalt know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto you. 
For who hath despised the day of small things? for they shall rejoice, and shall see the 
169, gates thereof languish; they are black unto the ground; and the cry of Jerusalem is gone up. 
And their nobles have sent their little ones to the waters: they came to t
177,shining round about me and them which journeyed with me. 
And when we were all fallen to the earth, I heard a voice speaking unto me, and saying in the Hebrew tongue, Saul, Saul
201, cried with a loud voice in the Jews' speech unto the people of Jerusalem that were on the wall, to affright them, and to trouble them; that they might take the city. 
And they spake against the God of
179,hings too wonderful for me, which I knew not. 
Hear, I beseech thee, and I will speak: I will demand of thee, and declare thou unto me. 
I have heard of thee by the hearing of the
164,e up thorns and briers; yea, upon all the houses of joy in the joyous city: 
Because the palaces shall be forsaken; the multitude of the city shall be left; the for
216, flock, thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I judge between cattle and cattle, between the rams and the he goats. 
Seemeth it a small thing unto you to have eaten up the good pasture, but ye must tread down with your fe
190,rdained for men in things pertaining to God, that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices for sins: 
Who can have compassion on the ignorant, and on them that are out of the way; for that he 
190, they knew her, and abused her all the night until the morning: and when the day began to spring, they let her go. 
Then came the woman in the dawning of the day, and fell down at the door o
225, thee? 
Ye have said, It is vain to serve God: and what profit is it that we have kept his ordinance, and that we have walked mournfully before the LORD of hosts? 
And now we call the proud happy; yea, they that work wickedne
189,alt read this law before all Israel in their hearing. 
Gather the people together, men and women, and children, and thy stranger that is within thy gates, that they may hear, and that they 
202,e land of Egypt with a mighty hand, and hast gotten thee renown, as at this day; we have sinned, we have done wickedly. 
O LORD, according to all thy righteousness, I beseech thee, let thine anger and t
237, LORD, and the king's house; and all the houses of Jerusalem, and all the houses of the great men, burned he with fire: 
And all the army of the Chaldeans, that were with the captain of the guard, brake down all the walls of Jerusalem ro
190,he lamb fourfold, because he did this thing, and because he had no pity. 
And Nathan said to David, Thou art the man. Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I anointed thee king over Israel, and
181,the statutes and judgments. 
Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the LORD: 
And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to t
206,his that cometh out of the wilderness like pillars of smoke, perfumed with myrrh and frankincense, with all powders of the merchant? 
Behold his bed, which is Solomon's; threescore valiant men are about it,
233,t ten thousand in breadth, and toward the east ten thousand in breadth, and toward the south five and twenty thousand in length: and the sanctuary of the LORD shall be in the midst thereof. 
It shall be for the priests that are sanct
217,ine, which cheereth God and man, and go to be promoted over the trees? 
Then said all the trees unto the bramble, Come thou, and reign over us. 
And the bramble said unto the trees, If in truth ye anoint me king over 
197,ne flesh. What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder. 
They say unto him, Why did Moses then command to give a writing of divorcement, and to put her away? 
He saith unto them
222, so shall my fury be poured forth upon you, when ye shall enter into Egypt: and ye shall be an execration, and an astonishment, and a curse, and a reproach; and ye shall see this place no more. 
The LORD hath said concerni
229, he refused to be comforted; and he said, For I will go down into the grave unto my son mourning. Thus his father wept for him. 
And the Midianites sold him into Egypt unto Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, and captain of the gu
233,Now these are the generations of Pharez: Pharez begat Hezron, 
And Hezron begat Ram, and Ram begat Amminadab, 
And Amminadab begat Nahshon, and Nahshon begat Salmon, 
And Salmon begat Boaz, and Boaz begat Obed, 
And Obed begat Jesse,
161,nd in the prison. 
And Joseph came in unto them in the morning, and looked upon them, and, behold, they were sad. 
And he asked Pharaoh's officers that were with
204,hundred, and the south side four thousand and five hundred, and on the east side four thousand and five hundred, and the west side four thousand and five hundred. 
And the suburbs of the city shall be tow
221,ist, saluteth you, always labouring fervently for you in prayers, that ye may stand perfect and complete in all the will of God. 
For I bear him record, that he hath a great zeal for you, and them that are in Laodicea, an
227,rs to rule by night: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
To him that smote Egypt in their firstborn: for his mercy endureth for ever: 
And brought out Israel from among them: for his mercy endureth for ever: 
With a strong hand, 
227, shall see visions: 
And also upon the servants and upon the handmaids in those days will I pour out my spirit. 
And I will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke. 
The sun shall be 
225, name shall be covered with darkness. 
Moreover he hath not seen the sun, nor known any thing: this hath more rest than the other. 
Yea, though he live a thousand years twice told, yet hath he seen no good: do not all go to o
206,d silver, and brass, and stone, and of wood: which neither can see, nor hear, nor walk: 
Neither repented they of their murders, nor of their sorceries, nor of their fornication, nor of their thefts. 
And I
166,saw the wind boisterous, he was afraid; and beginning to sink, he cried, saying, Lord, save me. 
And immediately Jesus stretched forth his hand, and caught him, and s
200,emy; and because that thou, being a man, makest thyself God. 
Jesus answered them, Is it not written in your law, I said, Ye are gods? 
If he called them gods, unto whom the word of God came, and the 
175,e at thine hand. 
Yet if thou warn the wicked, and he turn not from his wickedness, nor from his wicked way, he shall die in his iniquity; but thou hast delivered thy soul. 
A
219, Samuel arose, and gat him up from Gilgal unto Gibeah of Benjamin. And Saul numbered the people that were present with him, about six hundred men. 
And Saul, and Jonathan his son, and the people that were present with t
218, in victory; and the Lord GOD will wipe away tears from off all faces; and the rebuke of his people shall he take away from off all the earth: for the LORD hath spoken it. 
And it shall be said in that day, Lo, this is
185,e not at all? why are they then baptized for the dead? 
And why stand we in jeopardy every hour? 
I protest by your rejoicing which I have in Christ Jesus our Lord, I die daily. 
If aft
182,emoved, and stood afar off. 
And they said unto Moses, Speak thou with us, and we will hear: but let not God speak with us, lest we die. 
And Moses said unto the people, Fear not: fo
217,all that she had, even all her living. 
And as he went out of the temple, one of his disciples saith unto him, Master, see what manner of stones and what buildings are here! 
And Jesus answering said unto him, Seest t
233,he word of the LORD; 
As I live, saith the Lord GOD, surely because my flock became a prey, and my flock became meat to every beast of the field, because there was no shepherd, neither did my shepherds search for my flock, but the sh
230, rests round about, that the beams should not be fastened in the walls of the house. 
And the house, when it was in building, was built of stone made ready before it was brought thither: so that there was neither hammer nor axe no
185,y preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power: 
That your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God
191,
And now, my daughter, fear not; I will do to thee all that thou requirest: for all the city of my people doth know that thou art a virtuous woman. 
And now it is true that I am thy near kins
235,from heaven shall it come down upon thee, until thou be destroyed. 
The LORD shall cause thee to be smitten before thine enemies: thou shalt go out one way against them, and flee seven ways before them: and shalt be removed into all th
231,sper, and they that provoke God are secure; into whose hand God bringeth abundantly. 
But ask now the beasts, and they shall teach thee; and the fowls of the air, and they shall tell thee: 
Or speak to the earth, and it shall teach
191,ou and thy sons with thee shall minister before the tabernacle of witness. 
And they shall keep thy charge, and the charge of all the tabernacle: only they shall not come nigh the vessels of 
169,e gracious unto us; we have waited for thee: be thou their arm every morning, our salvation also in the time of trouble. 
At the noise of the tumult the people fled; at 
199, shewed toward his name, in that ye have ministered to the saints, and do minister. 
And we desire that every one of you do shew the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end: 
That y
202,Now the city was large and great: but the people were few therein, and the houses were not builded. 
And my God put into mine heart to gather together the nobles, and the rulers, and the people, that th
177,thers. 
Now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of Jehu the son of Hanani, who is mentioned in the book of the kings of Isr
237,u seemeth to be wise in this world, let him become a fool, that he may be wise. 
For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. For it is written, He taketh the wise in their own craftiness. 
And again, The Lord knoweth the though
212,Thy name, O LORD, endureth for ever; and thy memorial, O LORD, throughout all generations. 
For the LORD will judge his people, and he will repent himself concerning his servants. 
The idols of the heathen are si
226,ll this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still. 
And he will lift up an ensign to the nations from far, and will hiss unto them from the end of the earth: and, behold, they shall come with speed swif
211,of the wickedness of thy doings, whereby thou hast forsaken me. 
The LORD shall make the pestilence cleave unto thee, until he have consumed thee from off the land, whither thou goest to possess it. 
The LORD sh
200,ockets under another board. 
And thou shalt make bars of shittim wood; five for the boards of the one side of the tabernacle, 
And five bars for the boards of the other side of the tabernacle, and fiv
195,y in the ears of Jerusalem, saying, Thus saith the LORD; I remember thee, the kindness of thy youth, the love of thine espousals, when thou wentest after me in the wilderness, in a land that was 
191, he let the children of Israel go out of his land. 
And Moses spake before the LORD, saying, Behold, the children of Israel have not hearkened unto me; how then shall Pharaoh hear me, who am 
174,d the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites. 
Now therefore, behold, the cry of the children of Israel is come unto me: and I hav
166,t of the land, ye shall keep a feast unto the LORD seven days: on the first day shall be a sabbath, and on the eighth day shall be a sabbath. 
And ye shall take you o
175, the one end, and the other cherub on the other end: even of the mercy seat shall ye make the cherubims on the two ends thereof. 
And the cherubims shall stretch forth their w
163,hall be burned up. 
Seeing then that all these things shall be dissolved, what manner of persons ought ye to be in all holy conversation and godliness, 
Looking fo
209,on the housetops. 
And fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul: but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell. 
Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing? 
180,s, hopeth all things, endureth all things. 
Charity never faileth: but whether there be prophecies, they shall fail; whether there be tongues, they shall cease; whether there be kn
173,hts said, Wherefore think ye evil in your hearts? 
For whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Arise, and walk? 
But that ye may know that the Son o
237,eaketh lies shall not escape. 
Many will intreat the favour of the prince: and every man is a friend to him that giveth gifts. 
All the brethren of the poor do hate him: how much more do his friends go far from him? he pursueth them with
177,e people; (for he was above all the people;) and when he opened it, all the people stood up: 
And Ezra blessed the LORD, the great God. And all the people answered, Amen, Amen, 
200,over me. 
Deliver me from the oppression of man: so will I keep thy precepts. 
Make thy face to shine upon thy servant; and teach me thy statutes. 
Rivers of waters run down mine eyes, because they ke
190,up before the Testimony, to be kept. 
And the children of Israel did eat manna forty years, until they came to a land inhabited; they did eat manna, until they came unto the borders of the l
174,l in the midst of them that are slain by the sword: she is delivered to the sword: draw her and all her multitudes. 
The strong among the mighty shall speak to him out of the
162,kindled in mine anger, and shall burn unto the lowest hell, and shall consume the earth with her increase, and set on fire the foundations of the mountains. 
I wi
237,ss: but he himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire. 
Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you? 
If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy; for the temple of God is holy, whi
195,r husband hath utterly made them void on the day he heard them; then whatsoever proceeded out of her lips concerning her vows, or concerning the bond of her soul, shall not stand: her husband hat
193,h that whereon it was sprinkled in the holy place. 
But the earthen vessel wherein it is sodden shall be broken: and if it be sodden in a brasen pot, it shall be both scoured, and rinsed in wat
185,of his house until the morning. 
For the LORD will pass through to smite the Egyptians; and when he seeth the blood upon the lintel, and on the two side posts, the LORD will pass over t
169,rned, and looked upon Peter. And Peter remembered the word of the Lord, how he had said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice. 
And Peter went out, a
228,nd two sheep; 
And it shall come to pass, for the abundance of milk that they shall give he shall eat butter: for butter and honey shall every one eat that is left in the land. 
And it shall come to pass in that day, that every 
183,peneth wide his lips shall have destruction. 
The soul of the sluggard desireth, and hath nothing: but the soul of the diligent shall be made fat. 
A righteous man hateth lying: but a
216, neither doth his heart think so; but it is in his heart to destroy and cut off nations not a few. 
For he saith, Are not my princes altogether kings? 
Is not Calno as Carchemish? is not Hamath as Arpad? is not Samar
219,eace. 
Then came to him certain of the Sadducees, which deny that there is any resurrection; and they asked him, 
Saying, Master, Moses wrote unto us, If any man's brother die, having a wife, and he die without children
200,lt hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God. 
Blessed shalt thou be in the city, and blessed shalt thou be in the field. 
Blessed shall be the fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy ground, and the
210,h them. 
But Peter rehearsed the matter from the beginning, and expounded it by order unto them, saying, 
I was in the city of Joppa praying: and in a trance I saw a vision, A certain vessel descend, as it had 
240, 
So the ark of the LORD compassed the city, going about it once: and they came into the camp, and lodged in the camp. 
And Joshua rose early in the morning, and the priests took up the ark of the LORD. 
And seven priests bearing seven trum
222, shall receive shame, and Israel shall be ashamed of his own counsel. 
As for Samaria, her king is cut off as the foam upon the water. 
The high places also of Aven, the sin of Israel, shall be destroyed: the thorn and the
227,hts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end. 
Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you. 
And ye shall seek me, and find me, when ye shall search for me with all yo
222,pirit and of power: 
That your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God. 
Howbeit we speak wisdom among them that are perfect: yet not the wisdom of this world, nor of the princes of this world,
160,iakim, Hilkiah's son, which was over the house, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah, Asaph's son, the recorder. 
And Rabshakeh said unto them, Say ye now to Hezekia
219,nd him a ram caught in a thicket by his horns: and Abraham went and took the ram, and offered him up for a burnt offering in the stead of his son. 
And Abraham called the name of that place Jehovahjireh: as it is said t
197, heart, and the heart of thy seed, to love the LORD thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, that thou mayest live. 
And the LORD thy God will put all these curses upon thine enemies, a
180,s determined shall be done. 
Neither shall he regard the God of his fathers, nor the desire of women, nor regard any god: for he shall magnify himself above all. 
But in his estate
178, 
Then the priest shall look upon it: and, behold, if the rising of the sore be white reddish in his bald head, or in his bald forehead, as the leprosy appeareth in the skin of t
198,her afar off to sojourn. 
Who hath taken this counsel against Tyre, the crowning city, whose merchants are princes, whose traffickers are the honourable of the earth? 
The LORD of hosts hath purpose
217,D shall greatly bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it: 
Only if thou carefully hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to observe to do all these commandments w
234,they kept the dedication of the altar seven days, and the feast seven days. 
And on the three and twentieth day of the seventh month he sent the people away into their tents, glad and merry in heart for the goodness that the LORD had 
199, nigh, when thou shalt say, I have no pleasure in them; 
While the sun, or the light, or the moon, or the stars, be not darkened, nor the clouds return after the rain: 
In the day when the keepers of
229,I have found a ransom. 
His flesh shall be fresher than a child's: he shall return to the days of his youth: 
He shall pray unto God, and he will be favourable unto him: and he shall see his face with joy: for he will render unto
219,Shophach the captain of the host. 
And when the servants of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they made peace with David, and became his servants: neither would the Syrians help the children o
167,they kept the charge of the LORD, at the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Make thee two trumpets of silver; of a 
175,, no man may deliver me unto them. I appeal unto Caesar. 
Then Festus, when he had conferred with the council, answered, Hast thou appealed unto Caesar? unto Caesar shalt thou
183,he children of Simeon, these cities which are here mentioned by name. 
Which the children of Aaron, being of the families of the Kohathites, who were of the children of Levi, had: for
175,that I am the LORD. 
As for you, O house of Israel, thus saith the Lord GOD; Go ye, serve ye every one his idols, and hereafter also, if ye will not hearken unto me: but pollu
183, after the birthright. 
For Judah prevailed above his brethren, and of him came the chief ruler; but the birthright was Joseph's:) 
The sons, I say, of Reuben the firstborn of Israel 
174,three years' famine; or three months to be destroyed before thy foes, while that the sword of thine enemies overtaketh thee; or else three days the sword of the LORD, even th
227,hat it was in thine heart: 
Notwithstanding thou shalt not build the house; but thy son which shall come forth out of thy loins, he shall build the house for my name. 
The LORD therefore hath performed his word that he hath spo
188,dekiah king of Judah, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Behold, I will break the bow of Elam, the chief of their might. 
And upon Elam will I bring the four winds from the four quarte
192,en them, but they have not grieved; thou hast consumed them, but they have refused to receive correction: they have made their faces harder than a rock; they have refused to return. 
Therefore
211,herefore they say unto God, Depart from us; for we desire not the knowledge of thy ways. 
What is the Almighty, that we should serve him? and what profit should we have, if we pray unto him? 
Lo, their good is n
164,imony against them. Verily I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city. 
And they went out, and pre
227,And the men that died not were smitten with the emerods: and the cry of the city went up to heaven. 
And the ark of the LORD was in the country of the Philistines seven months. 
And the Philistines called for the priests and th
186,and she shall be devoured with fire. 
Ashkelon shall see it, and fear; Gaza also shall see it, and be very sorrowful, and Ekron; for her expectation shall be ashamed; and the king shall 
226, the waters shall languish. 
Moreover they that work in fine flax, and they that weave networks, shall be confounded. 
And they shall be broken in the purposes thereof, all that make sluices and ponds for fish. 
Surely the pri
216,gold, and the vessels, did he put among the treasures of the house of the LORD. 
Then Solomon assembled the elders of Israel, and all the heads of the tribes, the chief of the fathers of the children of Israel, unto 
164,ng men that were grown up with him spake unto him, saying, Thus shalt thou speak unto this people that spake unto thee, saying, Thy father made our yoke heavy, but 
198,ave spoken come upon me. 
And they, when they had testified and preached the word of the Lord, returned to Jerusalem, and preached the gospel in many villages of the Samaritans. 
And the angel of th
162,rosy in a house of the land of your possession; 
And he that owneth the house shall come and tell the priest, saying, It seemeth to me there is as it were a plagu
197,ong nations shall come to seek the LORD of hosts in Jerusalem, and to pray before the LORD. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; In those days it shall come to pass, that ten men shall take hold out of a
177,aac his father; 
Then went Esau unto Ishmael, and took unto the wives which he had Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael Abraham's son, the sister of Nebajoth, to be his wife. 
And J
209,atfleshed and well favoured; and they fed in a meadow: 
And, behold, seven other kine came up after them, poor and very ill favoured and leanfleshed, such as I never saw in all the land of Egypt for badness: 

221,t forget thine handmaid, but wilt give unto thine handmaid a man child, then I will give him unto the LORD all the days of his life, and there shall no razor come upon his head. 
And it came to pass, as she continued pray
177,n the place where dogs licked the blood of Naboth shall dogs lick thy blood, even thine. 
And Ahab said to Elijah, Hast thou found me, O mine enemy? And he answered, I have foun
217,vid made a league with them in Hebron before the LORD: and they anointed David king over Israel. 
David was thirty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned forty years. 
In Hebron he reigned over Judah seven y
167,ck. 
Then they rent their clothes, and laded every man his ass, and returned to the city. 
And Judah and his brethren came to Joseph's house; for he was yet there: and
231,ear be unto you: ye shall not sow, neither reap that which groweth of itself in it, nor gather the grapes in it of thy vine undressed. 
For it is the jubile; it shall be holy unto you: ye shall eat the increase thereof out of the f
181, and an abomination is committed in Israel and in Jerusalem; for Judah hath profaned the holiness of the LORD which he loved, and hath married the daughter of a strange god. 
The LO
184, only with themselves. 
And as they came down from the mountain, he charged them that they should tell no man what things they had seen, till the Son of man were risen from the dead. 

195,ith shamefacedness and sobriety; not with broided hair, or gold, or pearls, or costly array; 
But (which becometh women professing godliness) with good works. 
Let the woman learn in silence with
173,anctify it; whether it be ox, or sheep: it is the LORD's. 
And if it be of an unclean beast, then he shall redeem it according to thine estimation, and shall add a fifth par
231,erchants: they traded in thy market wheat of Minnith, and Pannag, and honey, and oil, and balm. 
Damascus was thy merchant in the multitude of the wares of thy making, for the multitude of all riches; in the wine of Helbon, and whi
185,law? of works? Nay: but by the law of faith. 
Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law. 
Is he the God of the Jews only? is he not also of the
196,ude of his branches: so that all the trees of Eden, that were in the garden of God, envied him. 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou hast lifted up thyself in height, and he hath shot 
201,ot thy dread make me afraid. 
Then call thou, and I will answer: or let me speak, and answer thou me. 
How many are mine iniquities and sins? make me to know my transgression and my sin. 
Wherefore hid
221,hter laid upon the bed. 
And again, departing from the coasts of Tyre and Sidon, he came unto the sea of Galilee, through the midst of the coasts of Decapolis. 
And they bring unto him one that was deaf, and had an impedi
229,h his fathers, and was buried in Tirzah: and Elah his son reigned in his stead. 
And also by the hand of the prophet Jehu the son of Hanani came the word of the LORD against Baasha, and against his house, even for all the evil th
184,D grant you that ye may find rest, each of you in the house of her husband. Then she kissed them; and they lifted up their voice, and wept. 
And they said unto her, Surely we will retu
240,r I was the king's cupbearer. 
And it came to pass in the month Nisan, in the twentieth year of Artaxerxes the king, that wine was before him: and I took up the wine, and gave it unto the king. Now I had not been beforetime sad in his prese
170,wickedness: yet turn not aside from following the LORD, but serve the LORD with all your heart; 
And turn ye not aside: for then should ye go after vain things, which can
201,an offence in abasing myself that ye might be exalted, because I have preached to you the gospel of God freely? 
I robbed other churches, taking wages of them, to do you service. 
And when I was presen
194,that my words were now written! oh that they were printed in a book! 
That they were graven with an iron pen and lead in the rock for ever! 
For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall
220,he law, but by the faith of Jesus Christ, even we have believed in Jesus Christ, that we might be justified by the faith of Christ, and not by the works of the law: for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified
201, thee; but thou shalt not go thither unto the land which I give the children of Israel. 
And this is the blessing, wherewith Moses the man of God blessed the children of Israel before his death. 
And h
197, house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war; 
Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Gad, 
189,he most high God, which shew unto us the way of salvation. 
And this did she many days. But Paul, being grieved, turned and said to the spirit, I command thee in the name of Jesus Christ to
197,rs should eat: they shall eat up thy flocks and thine herds: they shall eat up thy vines and thy fig trees: they shall impoverish thy fenced cities, wherein thou trustedst, with the sword. 
Neverth
162,, and the cattle upon a thousand hills. 
I know all the fowls of the mountains: and the wild beasts of the field are mine. 
If I were hungry, I would not tell the
240,destruction of the prince. 
He that is slow to wrath is of great understanding: but he that is hasty of spirit exalteth folly. 
A sound heart is the life of the flesh: but envy the rottenness of the bones. 
He that oppresseth the poor repro
201, their poverty. 
The labour of the righteous tendeth to life: the fruit of the wicked to sin. 
He is in the way of life that keepeth instruction: but he that refuseth reproof erreth. 
He that hideth ha
224,, and seven lambs, and seven he goats, for a sin offering for the kingdom, and for the sanctuary, and for Judah. And he commanded the priests the sons of Aaron to offer them on the altar of the LORD. 
So they killed the bull
193,or the rest? 
Consider the lilies how they grow: they toil not, they spin not; and yet I say unto you, that Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. 
If then God so clothe th
226,months did Joab remain there with all Israel, until he had cut off every male in Edom:) 
That Hadad fled, he and certain Edomites of his father's servants with him, to go into Egypt; Hadad being yet a little child. 
And they a
213,l not hearken to the voice of charmers, charming never so wisely. 
Break their teeth, O God, in their mouth: break out the great teeth of the young lions, O LORD. 
Let them melt away as waters which run continuall
209,nt that remaineth of the curtains of the tent, the half curtain that remaineth, shall hang over the backside of the tabernacle. 
And a cubit on the one side, and a cubit on the other side of that which remaine
232,rofit the son of man. 
By reason of the multitude of oppressions they make the oppressed to cry: they cry out by reason of the arm of the mighty. 
But none saith, Where is God my maker, who giveth songs in the night; 
Who teacheth u
207,and it was a cloud and darkness to them, but it gave light by night to these: so that the one came not near the other all the night. 
And Moses stretched out his hand over the sea; and the LORD caused the se
217,nd he that humbleth himself shall be exalted. 
And they brought unto him also infants, that he would touch them: but when his disciples saw it, they rebuked them. 
But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Suffer litt
175,ng the kingdom of God, shall see my face no more. 
Wherefore I take you to record this day, that I am pure from the blood of all men. 
For I have not shunned to declare unto y
206,the children of Israel together: 
And thou shalt bring the Levites before the LORD: and the children of Israel shall put their hands upon the Levites: 
And Aaron shall offer the Levites before the LORD for 
188,rnt offering continually morning and evening, and to do according to all that is written in the law of the LORD, which he commanded Israel; 
And with them Heman and Jeduthun, and the rest 
230,o to morrow also according unto this day's decree, and let Haman's ten sons be hanged upon the gallows. 
And the king commanded it so to be done: and the decree was given at Shushan; and they hanged Haman's ten sons. 
For the Jews
206,he angel of the church in Thyatira write; These things saith the Son of God, who hath his eyes like unto a flame of fire, and his feet are like fine brass; 
I know thy works, and charity, and service, and f
239,n my meat day and night, while they continually say unto me, Where is thy God? 
When I remember these things, I pour out my soul in me: for I had gone with the multitude, I went with them to the house of God, with the voice of joy and prai
222,et dark, unto the sepulchre, and seeth the stone taken away from the sepulchre. 
Then she runneth, and cometh to Simon Peter, and to the other disciple, whom Jesus loved, and saith unto them, They have taken away the LORD 
180, came into the city, and told it, all the city cried out. 
And when Eli heard the noise of the crying, he said, What meaneth the noise of this tumult? And the man came in hastily, 
236, pronounce him unclean: it is the plague of leprosy. 
But if the priest look on it, and, behold, there be no white hair in the bright spot, and it be no lower than the other skin, but be somewhat dark; then the priest shall shut him up 
209,it fall into a pit on the sabbath day, will he not lay hold on it, and lift it out? 
How much then is a man better than a sheep? Wherefore it is lawful to do well on the sabbath days. 
Then saith he to the man
205, thy fathers to love them, and he chose their seed after them, even you above all people, as it is this day. 
Circumcise therefore the foreskin of your heart, and be no more stiffnecked. 
For the LORD your
237,smite the inhabitants of that city with the edge of the sword, destroying it utterly, and all that is therein, and the cattle thereof, with the edge of the sword. 
And thou shalt gather all the spoil of it into the midst of the street th
196,on the earth, and upon all the fishes of the sea; into your hand are they delivered. 
Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you; even as the green herb have I given you all things. 
But
198,n them, and, behold, they were sad. 
And he asked Pharaoh's officers that were with him in the ward of his lord's house, saying, Wherefore look ye so sadly to day? 
And they said unto him, We have d
188,of Jehoiada went up, and fell upon him, and slew him: and he was buried in his own house in the wilderness. 
And the king put Benaiah the son of Jehoiada in his room over the host: and Zad
205,any, and he lifted up his hands, and blessed them. 
And it came to pass, while he blessed them, he was parted from them, and carried up into heaven. 
And they worshipped him, and returned to Jerusalem with
208, anoint the tabernacle of the congregation therewith, and the ark of the testimony, 
And the table and all his vessels, and the candlestick and his vessels, and the altar of incense, 
And the altar of burnt o
223, hundred talents of silver and a talent of gold. 
And the king of Egypt made Eliakim his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem, and turned his name to Jehoiakim. And Necho took Jehoahaz his brother, and carried him to Egypt
212,riests and the elders of the people came unto him as he was teaching, and said, By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this authority? 
And Jesus answered and said unto them, I also will ask
173,done? But they cried out the more, saying, Let him be crucified. 
When Pilate saw that he could prevail nothing, but that rather a tumult was made, he took water, and washed
219,at the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, saying, 
Take the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel, from twenty years old and upward, throughout their fathers' house, all 
238,n of Israel, who dwelt in Egypt, was four hundred and thirty years. 
And it came to pass at the end of the four hundred and thirty years, even the selfsame day it came to pass, that all the hosts of the LORD went out from the land of Egyp
162,d also our fathers: that ye may dwell in the land of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination unto the Egyptians. 
Then Joseph came and told Pharaoh, and said
181, might know that I am the LORD. 
Therefore, son of man, speak unto the house of Israel, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Yet in this your fathers have blasphemed me, in t
230, my brother, and my sister, and mother. 
And he began again to teach by the sea side: and there was gathered unto him a great multitude, so that he entered into a ship, and sat in the sea; and the whole multitude was by the sea on
186,hat that of Abel. 
See that ye refuse not him that speaketh. For if they escaped not who refused him that spake on earth, much more shall not we escape, if we turn away from him that spe
203,kidneys, it shall he take away: 
And the priest shall burn them upon the altar for an offering made by fire unto the LORD: it is a trespass offering. 
Every male among the priests shall eat thereof: it s
223,and his wife, and his sons' wives with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood. 
Of clean beasts, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fowls, and of every thing that creepeth upon the earth, 
There went in
186,hath divided unto all nations under the whole heaven. 
But the LORD hath taken you, and brought you forth out of the iron furnace, even out of Egypt, to be unto him a people of inheritan
176,rzah. 
And it came to pass, when Zimri saw that the city was taken, that he went into the palace of the king's house, and burnt the king's house over him with fire, and died. 

212,le unto the place of which I have spoken unto thee: behold, mine Angel shall go before thee: nevertheless in the day when I visit I will visit their sin upon them. 
And the LORD plagued the people, because they m
225,ersed. 
And now I say unto you, Refrain from these men, and let them alone: for if this counsel or this work be of men, it will come to nought: 
But if it be of God, ye cannot overthrow it; lest haply ye be found even to figh
182,thou camest. 
He said unto him, I am a prophet also as thou art; and an angel spake unto me by the word of the LORD, saying, Bring him back with thee into thine house, that he may ea
223, the queen of Sheba gave king Solomon. 
And the servants also of Huram, and the servants of Solomon, which brought gold from Ophir, brought algum trees and precious stones. 
And the king made of the algum trees terraces to 
210, thanks unto the God of gods: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
O give thanks to the Lord of lords: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
To him who alone doeth great wonders: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
To h
187,traw to make brick, as heretofore: let them go and gather straw for themselves. 
And the tale of the bricks, which they did make heretofore, ye shall lay upon them; ye shall not diminish 
199,n Bashan: but unto the other half thereof gave Joshua among their brethren on this side Jordan westward. And when Joshua sent them away also unto their tents, then he blessed them, 
And he spake unto
180,nen, wrought with needlework. 
And thou shalt make for the hanging five pillars of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold, and their hooks shall be of gold: and thou shalt cast f
218,which is said in the law of the Lord, A pair of turtledoves, or two young pigeons. 
And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; and the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of
230,he appeared in another form unto two of them, as they walked, and went into the country. 
And they went and told it unto the residue: neither believed they them. 
Afterward he appeared unto the eleven as they sat at meat, and upbr
223,hat the Spirit saith unto the churches; He that overcometh shall not be hurt of the second death. 
And to the angel of the church in Pergamos write; These things saith he which hath the sharp sword with two edges; 
I know t
193,e children of Ammon said to Hanun, Thinkest thou that David doth honour thy father, that he hath sent comforters unto thee? are not his servants come unto thee for to search, and to overthrow, 
214,s and open flowers: all was cedar; there was no stone seen. 
And the oracle he prepared in the house within, to set there the ark of the covenant of the LORD. 
And the oracle in the forepart was twenty cubits in le
199, Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel. 
And the children of Amram; Aaron, and Moses, and Miriam. The sons also of Aaron; Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar. 
Eleazar begat Phinehas, Phinehas begat Abish
229,l the spoil thereof, shalt thou take unto thyself; and thou shalt eat the spoil of thine enemies, which the LORD thy God hath given thee. 
Thus shalt thou do unto all the cities which are very far off from thee, which are not of 
180,ten thine ass these three times? behold, I went out to withstand thee, because thy way is perverse before me: 
And the ass saw me, and turned from me these three times: unless she 
212,m Beersheba: and the sons of Israel carried Jacob their father, and their little ones, and their wives, in the wagons which Pharaoh had sent to carry him. 
And they took their cattle, and their goods, which they 
186,t these things shall be performed, because thou believest not my words, which shall be fulfilled in their season. 
And the people waited for Zacharias, and marvelled that he tarried so l
178,al. 
And he made the staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold. 
And he made the holy anointing oil, and the pure incense of sweet spices, according to the work of the 
196,and I will give the carcases of the host of the Philistines this day unto the fowls of the air, and to the wild beasts of the earth; that all the earth may know that there is a God in Israel. 
And
164, of the LORD said unto him, Wherefore hast thou smitten thine ass these three times? behold, I went out to withstand thee, because thy way is perverse before me: 
A
192,n about cattle from our youth even until now, both we, and also our fathers: that ye may dwell in the land of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination unto the Egyptians. 
Then Joseph came
199, plain to the sea of Chinneroth on the east, and unto the sea of the plain, even the salt sea on the east, the way to Bethjeshimoth; and from the south, under Ashdothpisgah: 
And the coast of Og king
195,nd let her be burnt. 
When she was brought forth, she sent to her father in law, saying, By the man, whose these are, am I with child: and she said, Discern, I pray thee, whose are these, the sig
189,before thee; and do unto them, as thou hast done unto me for all my transgressions: for my sighs are many, and my heart is faint. 
How hath the LORD covered the daughter of Zion with a clou
192,e; neither told I any man what my God had put in my heart to do at Jerusalem: neither was there any beast with me, save the beast that I rode upon. 
And I went out by night by the gate of the 
216,LORD to Babylon, and put them in his temple at Babylon. 
Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and his abominations which he did, and that which was found in him, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of
213,hou enemy of all righteousness, wilt thou not cease to pervert the right ways of the Lord? 
And now, behold, the hand of the Lord is upon thee, and thou shalt be blind, not seeing the sun for a season. And immedia
192,ledge of the holy. 
Who hath ascended up into heaven, or descended? who hath gathered the wind in his fists? who hath bound the waters in a garment? who hath established all the ends of the ea
220,e; and they need no candle, neither light of the sun; for the Lord God giveth them light: and they shall reign for ever and ever. 
And he said unto me, These sayings are faithful and true: and the Lord God of the holy pr
163,s: but for father, or for mother, or for son, or for daughter, for brother, or for sister that hath had no husband, they may defile themselves. 
And after he is cl
171,to thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly. 
But when ye pray, u
196, overpast. 
For, behold, the LORD cometh out of his place to punish the inhabitants of the earth for their iniquity: the earth also shall disclose her blood, and shall no more cover her slain. 
In
160,eir teeth. 
Our soul is escaped as a bird out of the snare of the fowlers: the snare is broken, and we are escaped. 
Our help is in the name of the LORD, who ma
223,n thy people: the seed of evildoers shall never be renowned. 
Prepare slaughter for his children for the iniquity of their fathers; that they do not rise, nor possess the land, nor fill the face of the world with cities. 
F
218,s taken, Bel is confounded, Merodach is broken in pieces; her idols are confounded, her images are broken in pieces. 
For out of the north there cometh up a nation against her, which shall make her land desolate, and n
211,edonia. 
And there accompanied him into Asia Sopater of Berea; and of the Thessalonians, Aristarchus and Secundus; and Gaius of Derbe, and Timotheus; and of Asia, Tychicus and Trophimus. 
These going before tarr
222,de thereof, and three branches of the candlestick out of the other side thereof: 
Three bowls made after the fashion of almonds in one branch, a knop and a flower; and three bowls made like almonds in another branch, a kno
173,rfumes, and didst send thy messengers far off, and didst debase thyself even unto hell. 
Thou art wearied in the greatness of thy way; yet saidst thou not, There is no hope:
202,: but a deceitful witness speaketh lies. 
In the fear of the LORD is strong confidence: and his children shall have a place of refuge. 
The fear of the LORD is a fountain of life, to depart from the sna
201, as went forth to battle, expert in war, forty thousand. 
And on the other side of Jordan, of the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and of the half tribe of Manasseh, with all manner of instruments of war f
165,for the vision is touching the whole multitude thereof, which shall not return; neither shall any strengthen himself in the iniquity of his life. 
They have blown th
170,el: for the LORD hath a controversy with the inhabitants of the land, because there is no truth, nor mercy, nor knowledge of God in the land. 
By swearing, and lying, and
238,m with the hand to hold their peace, declared unto them how the Lord had brought him out of the prison. And he said, Go shew these things unto James, and to the brethren. And he departed, and went into another place. 
Now as soon as it wa
166,to them, With men this is impossible; but with God all things are possible. 
Then answered Peter and said unto him, Behold, we have forsaken all, and followed thee; w
174,t one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell. 
It hath been said, Whosoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a writing of
169,and praying, forgive, if ye have ought against any: that your Father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses. 
But if ye do not forgive, neither will you
240,e broken with David my servant, that he should not have a son to reign upon his throne; and with the Levites the priests, my ministers. 
As the host of heaven cannot be numbered, neither the sand of the sea measured: so will I multiply the 
174,LORD, I beseech thee, send now prosperity. 
Blessed be he that cometh in the name of the LORD: we have blessed you out of the house of the LORD. 
God is the LORD, which hath 
195,r you up to councils; and in the synagogues ye shall be beaten: and ye shall be brought before rulers and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them. 
And the gospel must first be published 
228,n pieces, and their houses shall be made a dunghill: because there is no other God that can deliver after this sort. 
Then the king promoted Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, in the province of Babylon. 
Nebuchadnezzar the king, 
240,l ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive. 
And when he was come into the temple, the chief priests and the elders of the people came unto him as he was teaching, and said, By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee thi
198,even so is the man also by the woman; but all things of God. 
Judge in yourselves: is it comely that a woman pray unto God uncovered? 
Doth not even nature itself teach you, that, if a man have long
224, they said thus unto it, Arise, devour much flesh. 
After this I beheld, and lo another, like a leopard, which had upon the back of it four wings of a fowl; the beast had also four heads; and dominion was given to it. 
After
237,thence, till thou hast paid the uttermost farthing. 
Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery: 
But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery wit
205,yest see them: thou shalt see but the utmost part of them, and shalt not see them all: and curse me them from thence. 
And he brought him into the field of Zophim, to the top of Pisgah, and built seven alt
211,r strength: let them come near; then let them speak: let us come near together to judgment. 
Who raised up the righteous man from the east, called him to his foot, gave the nations before him, and made him rule 
166,ith the Lord GOD. 
Again the word of the LORD came to me, saying. 
Son of man, behold, they of the house of Israel say, The vision that he seeth is for many days to c
204,he Zidonians and they of Tyre brought much cedar wood to David. 
And David said, Solomon my son is young and tender, and the house that is to be builded for the LORD must be exceeding magnifical, of fame 
198,h with her suburbs, 
Kedemoth also with her suburbs, and Mephaath with her suburbs: 
And out of the tribe of Gad; Ramoth in Gilead with her suburbs, and Mahanaim with her suburbs, 
And Heshbon with 
237,th fire, he and all that he hath: because he hath transgressed the covenant of the LORD, and because he hath wrought folly in Israel. 
So Joshua rose up early in the morning, and brought Israel by their tribes; and the tribe of Judah was
235,n of Shallum, the children of Ater, the children of Talmon, the children of Akkub, the children of Hatita, the children of Shobai, an hundred thirty and eight. 
The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hashupha, the childre
173, Israel in the visions of the night, and said, Jacob, Jacob. And he said, Here am I. 
And he said, I am God, the God of thy father: fear not to go down into Egypt; for I wil
227,r whom it is prepared of my Father. 
And when the ten heard it, they were moved with indignation against the two brethren. 
But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion ov
186,rs, and had sent them out another way? 
For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also. 
My brethren, be not many masters, knowing that we shall receive 
184,ssover offerings, for all that were present, to the number of thirty thousand, and three thousand bullocks: these were of the king's substance. 
And his princes gave willingly unto the
194,erence, then was Haman full of wrath. 
And he thought scorn to lay hands on Mordecai alone; for they had shewed him the people of Mordecai: wherefore Haman sought to destroy all the Jews that we
228,al furiously with thee: they shall take away thy nose and thine ears; and thy remnant shall fall by the sword: they shall take thy sons and thy daughters; and thy residue shall be devoured by the fire. 
They shall also strip the
179,sy. 
For there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; neither hid, that shall not be known. 
Therefore whatsoever ye have spoken in darkness shall be heard in the light; 
235,said unto me, and have made a king over you. 
And now, behold, the king walketh before you: and I am old and grayheaded; and, behold, my sons are with you: and I have walked before you from my childhood unto this day. 
Behold, here I a
187, judgments. 
Now this is the copy of the letter that the king Artaxerxes gave unto Ezra the priest, the scribe, even a scribe of the words of the commandments of the LORD, and of his stat
229,he old man, and fear thy God: I am the LORD. 
And if a stranger sojourn with thee in your land, ye shall not vex him. 
But the stranger that dwelleth with you shall be unto you as one born among you, and thou shalt love him as th
169,nhabitants of Megiddo and her towns: but the Canaanites would dwell in that land. 
And it came to pass, when Israel was strong, that they put the Canaanites to tribute, 
218,avour, an offering made by fire unto the LORD. 
And thou shalt take the other ram; and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the ram. 
Then shalt thou kill the ram, and take of his blood, and put it
174,eels as burning fire. 
A fiery stream issued and came forth from before him: thousand thousands ministered unto him, and ten thousand times ten thousand stood before him: the
215, heart maketh a cheerful countenance: but by sorrow of the heart the spirit is broken. 
The heart of him that hath understanding seeketh knowledge: but the mouth of fools feedeth on foolishness. 
All the days of the
228,hers, and was buried in the city of David his father: and Rehoboam his son reigned in his stead. 
And Rehoboam went to Shechem: for all Israel were come to Shechem to make him king. 
And it came to pass, when Jeroboam the son of
192,e came to Rehoboam the third day, as the king had appointed, saying, Come to me again the third day. 
And the king answered the people roughly, and forsook the old men's counsel that they gave
219, eaten were about five thousand men, beside women and children. 
And straightway Jesus constrained his disciples to get into a ship, and to go before him unto the other side, while he sent the multitudes away. 
And when
204, thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up. 
Then was Nebuchadnezzar full of fury, and the form of his visage was changed against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego: therefore he spake, a
199,r unleavened wafers anointed with oil. 
And if thy oblation be a meat offering baken in a pan, it shall be of fine flour unleavened, mingled with oil. 
Thou shalt part it in pieces, and pour oil ther
194,ent, and on the morrow she returned into the second house of the women, to the custody of Shaashgaz, the king's chamberlain, which kept the concubines: she came in unto the king no more, except 
202,of the tree, and the increase of the field, that ye shall receive no more reproach of famine among the heathen. 
Then shall ye remember your own evil ways, and your doings that were not good, and shall 
177,s shall enter into it, and defile it. 
Make a chain: for the land is full of bloody crimes, and the city is full of violence. 
Wherefore I will bring the worst of the heathen, a
183, us to battle, lest in the battle he be an adversary to us: for wherewith should he reconcile himself unto his master? should it not be with the heads of these men? 
Is not this David
236, down the covering vail, and cover the ark of testimony with it: 
And shall put thereon the covering of badgers' skins, and shall spread over it a cloth wholly of blue, and shall put in the staves thereof. 
And upon the table of shewbre
211, the house of Hazael, which shall devour the palaces of Benhadad. 
I will break also the bar of Damascus, and cut off the inhabitant from the plain of Aven, and him that holdeth the sceptre from the house of Ede
208,them gods of gold. 
Yet now, if thou wilt forgive their sin--; and if not, blot me, I pray thee, out of thy book which thou hast written. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Whosoever hath sinned against me, him w
235,ed, and the priests stood in their place, and the Levites in their courses, according to the king's commandment. 
And they killed the passover, and the priests sprinkled the blood from their hands, and the Levites flayed them. 
And the
224, that this epistle be read unto all the holy brethren. 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen. 
Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, unto the church of the Thessalonians in God our Father and the Lord Jesus Chri
217,sand talents of silver; and of brass and iron without weight; for it is in abundance: timber also and stone have I prepared; and thou mayest add thereto. 
Moreover there are workmen with thee in abundance, hewers and 
195,, that dwelt in the unwalled towns, made the fourteenth day of the month Adar a day of gladness and feasting, and a good day, and of sending portions one to another. 
And Mordecai wrote these thi
183,
And in all that mighty hand, and in all the great terror which Moses shewed in the sight of all Israel. 
Now after the death of Moses the servant of the LORD it came to pass, that th
237, that without cause is mine enemy:) 
Let the enemy persecute my soul, and take it; yea, let him tread down my life upon the earth, and lay mine honour in the dust. Selah. 
Arise, O LORD, in thine anger, lift up thyself because of the rag
164,ch he spake. 
Then they suborned men, which said, We have heard him speak blasphemous words against Moses, and against God. 
And they stirred up the people, and the
182,main but few years unto the year of jubile, then he shall count with him, and according unto his years shall he give him again the price of his redemption. 
And as a yearly hired ser
219,: for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt. 
Ye shall not afflict any widow, or fatherless child. 
If thou afflict them in any wise, and they cry at all unto me, I will surely hear their cry; 
And my wrath shall wax h
228,me one of the people in to destroy the king thy lord. 
This thing is not good that thou hast done. As the LORD liveth, ye are worthy to die, because ye have not kept your master, the LORD's anointed. And now see where the king's
204,. 
Then call thou, and I will answer: or let me speak, and answer thou me. 
How many are mine iniquities and sins? make me to know my transgression and my sin. 
Wherefore hidest thou thy face, and holdest
176,ad of two days; abide ye every man in his place, let no man go out of his place on the seventh day. 
So the people rested on the seventh day. 
And the house of Israel called th
176,all not flow together any more unto him: yea, the wall of Babylon shall fall. 
My people, go ye out of the midst of her, and deliver ye every man his soul from the fierce anger
228,hope to receive, what thank have ye? for sinners also lend to sinners, to receive as much again. 
But love ye your enemies, and do good, and lend, hoping for nothing again; and your reward shall be great, and ye shall be the chi
188,ession, and enjoy it, which Moses the LORD's servant gave you on this side Jordan toward the sunrising. 
And they answered Joshua, saying, All that thou commandest us we will do, and whith
238, that were made in the pans. 
And other of their brethren, of the sons of the Kohathites, were over the shewbread, to prepare it every sabbath. 
And these are the singers, chief of the fathers of the Levites, who remaining in the chambers
172,me: and they whom I loved are turned against me. 
My bone cleaveth to my skin and to my flesh, and I am escaped with the skin of my teeth. 
Have pity upon me, have pity upo
207,dily will I return your recompence upon your own head; 
Because ye have taken my silver and my gold, and have carried into your temples my goodly pleasant things: 
The children also of Judah and the children
211,one accord, of one mind. 
Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than themselves. 
Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the 
225,ose things in the which I will appear unto thee; 
Delivering thee from the people, and from the Gentiles, unto whom now I send thee, 
To open their eyes, and to turn them from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan un
163,ht of the LORD, and went not fully after the LORD, as did David his father. 
Then did Solomon build an high place for Chemosh, the abomination of Moab, in the hill
186,hall attain unto wise counsels: 
To understand a proverb, and the interpretation; the words of the wise, and their dark sayings. 
The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge: but 
197,oo strong for me. 
They prevented me in the day of my calamity: but the LORD was my stay. 
He brought me forth also into a large place: he delivered me, because he delighted in me. 
The LORD reward
161,the oil of gladness above thy fellows. 
And, Thou, Lord, in the beginning hast laid the foundation of the earth; and the heavens are the works of thine hands: 
T
215,deth thee by the way that thou shouldest go. 
O that thou hadst hearkened to my commandments! then had thy peace been as a river, and thy righteousness as the waves of the sea: 
Thy seed also had been as the sand, a
212, death in the days of harvest, in the first days, in the beginning of barley harvest. 
And Rizpah the daughter of Aiah took sackcloth, and spread it for her upon the rock, from the beginning of harvest until wate
234,em of the valleys, both toward the east, and toward the west. 
And there came of the children of Benjamin and Judah to the hold unto David. 
And David went out to meet them, and answered and said unto them, If ye be come peaceably unt
196,ok up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor hath said, and the man whose eyes are open hath said: 
He hath said, which heard the words of God, which saw the vision of the Almighty, falling
192,hall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie: 
That they all might be damned who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness. 
But we are bound to give thanks
187, up against him: and they came to Judah and Jerusalem, and destroyed all the princes of the people from among the people, and sent all the spoil of them unto the king of Damascus. 
For th
235,nd lifted her up, and when he had called the saints and widows, presented her alive. 
And it was known throughout all Joppa; and many believed in the Lord. 
And it came to pass, that he tarried many days in Joppa with one Simon a tanne
177,tribes of their fathers they shall inherit. 
According to the lot shall the possession thereof be divided between many and few. 
And these are they that were numbered of the Lev
197,ll the souls that were therein; he left none remaining: as he had done to Hebron, so he did to Debir, and to the king thereof; as he had done also to Libnah, and to her king. 
So Joshua smote all t
187,se in his own conceit. 
He that sendeth a message by the hand of a fool cutteth off the feet, and drinketh damage. 
The legs of the lame are not equal: so is a parable in the mouth of foo
176,hosoever putteth away his wife, and marrieth another, committeth adultery: and whosoever marrieth her that is put away from her husband committeth adultery. 
There was a certai
176,ed. 
Then came he unto the gate which looketh toward the east, and went up the stairs thereof, and measured the threshold of the gate, which was one reed broad; and the other t
233,ch thou, O LORD, hast given me. And thou shalt set it before the LORD thy God, and worship before the LORD thy God: 
And thou shalt rejoice in every good thing which the LORD thy God hath given unto thee, and unto thine house, thou, 
218,kness, that speak ye in light: and what ye hear in the ear, that preach ye upon the housetops. 
And fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul: but rather fear him which is able to destroy bot
186,image, the ephod, and the teraphim, and the molten image. Then said the priest unto them, What do ye? 
And they said unto him, Hold thy peace, lay thine hand upon thy mouth, and go with 
222,erefore the name of it was called Abelmizraim, which is beyond Jordan. 
And his sons did unto him according as he commanded them: 
For his sons carried him into the land of Canaan, and buried him in the cave of the field o
225,r. 
Then Israel sang this song, Spring up, O well; sing ye unto it: 
The princes digged the well, the nobles of the people digged it, by the direction of the lawgiver, with their staves. And from the wilderness they went to M
211,d Mahlon and Chilion died also both of them; and the woman was left of her two sons and her husband. 
Then she arose with her daughters in law, that she might return from the country of Moab: for she had heard i
213,And if he that sanctified the field will in any wise redeem it, then he shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimation unto it, and it shall be assured to him. 
And if he will not redeem the field, or if 
195, hast served us. 
Happy shall he be, that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the stones. 
I will praise thee with my whole heart: before the gods will I sing praise unto thee. 
I will wor
222, these things do the Gentiles seek:) for your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all these things. 
But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you. 
Take
224,e a son. 
Then Sarah denied, saying, I laughed not; for she was afraid. And he said, Nay; but thou didst laugh. 
And the men rose up from thence, and looked toward Sodom: and Abraham went with them to bring them on the way. 
182,all the ladies of Persia and Media say this day unto all the king's princes, which have heard of the deed of the queen. Thus shall there arise too much contempt and wrath. 
If it ple
174,? yea, as yet the vine, and the fig tree, and the pomegranate, and the olive tree, hath not brought forth: from this day will I bless you. 
And again the word of the LORD cam
176,umber. 
Lo, he goeth by me, and I see him not: he passeth on also, but I perceive him not. 
Behold, he taketh away, who can hinder him? who will say unto him, What doest thou? 
161,so much the more a great deal they published it; 
And were beyond measure astonished, saying, He hath done all things well: he maketh both the deaf to hear, and 
229,tly. 
The right hand of the LORD is exalted: the right hand of the LORD doeth valiantly. 
I shall not die, but live, and declare the works of the LORD. 
The LORD hath chastened me sore: but he hath not given me over unto death. 

228,unto them, Pray that ye enter not into temptation. 
And he was withdrawn from them about a stone's cast, and kneeled down, and prayed, 
Saying, Father, if thou be willing, remove this cup from me: nevertheless not my will, but t
170,ou not uncover: it is thy father's nakedness. 
The nakedness of thy sister, the daughter of thy father, or daughter of thy mother, whether she be born at home, or born ab
186,ple for ever; and thou, LORD, becamest their God. 
Therefore now, LORD, let the thing that thou hast spoken concerning thy servant and concerning his house be established for ever, and d
217,mar the son of Aaron the priest. 
As for the sons of Merari, thou shalt number them after their families, by the house of their fathers; 
From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old shalt thou number th
229,come upon thee in their perfection for the multitude of thy sorceries, and for the great abundance of thine enchantments. 
For thou hast trusted in thy wickedness: thou hast said, None seeth me. Thy wisdom and thy knowledge, it h
217, man in whom is the spirit, and lay thine hand upon him; 
And set him before Eleazar the priest, and before all the congregation; and give him a charge in their sight. 
And thou shalt put some of thine honour upon him
226,and judgments, that ye might do them in the land whither ye go over to possess it. 
Take ye therefore good heed unto yourselves; for ye saw no manner of similitude on the day that the LORD spake unto you in Horeb out of the mi
172,that were bought with his money, every male among the men of Abraham's house; and circumcised the flesh of their foreskin in the selfsame day, as God had said unto him. 
An
210,e shall offer his offering unto the LORD, one he lamb of the first year without blemish for a burnt offering, and one ewe lamb of the first year without blemish for a sin offering, and one ram without blemish f
162,o the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen. 
The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to s
227,traight before him. 
And Joshua the son of Nun called the priests, and said unto them, Take up the ark of the covenant, and let seven priests bear seven trumpets of rams' horns before the ark of the LORD. 
And he said unto the 
226,e for ever. 
And king David said, Call me Zadok the priest, and Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada. And they came before the king. 
The king also said unto them, Take with you the servants of your lord, and ca
178,in thy mercy hast led forth the people which thou hast redeemed: thou hast guided them in thy strength unto thy holy habitation. 
The people shall hear, and be afraid: sorrow sha
218,e day, all the flock will die. 
Let my lord, I pray thee, pass over before his servant: and I will lead on softly, according as the cattle that goeth before me and the children be able to endure, until I come unto my l
211,be ye poor: for yours is the kingdom of God. 
Blessed are ye that hunger now: for ye shall be filled. Blessed are ye that weep now: for ye shall laugh. 
Blessed are ye, when men shall hate you, and when they sha
228,Which may go out before them, and which may go in before them, and which may lead them out, and which may bring them in; that the congregation of the LORD be not as sheep which have no shepherd. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Ta
202,ps, and the mountain of the house as the high places of a forest. 
Did Hezekiah king of Judah and all Judah put him at all to death? did he not fear the LORD, and besought the LORD, and the LORD repente
195,refore say unto the children of Israel, I am the LORD, and I will bring you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians, and I will rid you out of their bondage, and I will redeem you with a stre
210,he field, that were in all the borders round about, were made sure 
Unto Abraham for a possession in the presence of the children of Heth, before all that went in at the gate of his city. 
And after this, Abrah
171,ther, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life. 
But many that are first shall be la
179, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I brought you up from Egypt, and brought you forth out of the house of bondage; 
And I delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out 
188,erah, of the tribe of Judah, was taken. 
And Joshua said unto Achan, My son, give, I pray thee, glory to the LORD God of Israel, and make confession unto him; and tell me now what thou has
209,hom they have sought, and whom they have worshipped: they shall not be gathered, nor be buried; they shall be for dung upon the face of the earth. 
And death shall be chosen rather than life by all the residue
201,LORD: and the priests, Aaron's sons, shall bring the blood, and sprinkle the blood round about upon the altar that is by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And he shall flay the burnt off
210,saw there a man which had not on a wedding garment: 
And he saith unto him, Friend, how camest thou in hither not having a wedding garment? And he was speechless. 
Then said the king to the servants, Bind him h
227,er Israel? 
And the LORD sent thee on a journey, and said, Go and utterly destroy the sinners the Amalekites, and fight against them until they be consumed. 
Wherefore then didst thou not obey the voice of the LORD, but didst f
178,ree: 
Him God raised up the third day, and shewed him openly; 
Not to all the people, but unto witnesses chosen before God, even to us, who did eat and drink with him after he ro
213,, and of faith unfeigned: 
From which some having swerved have turned aside unto vain jangling; 
Desiring to be teachers of the law; understanding neither what they say, nor whereof they affirm. 
But we know that 
231,hall confess their iniquity, and the iniquity of their fathers, with their trespass which they trespassed against me, and that also they have walked contrary unto me; 
And that I also have walked contrary unto them, and have brough
231,untains, and, lo, they trembled, and all the hills moved lightly. 
I beheld, and, lo, there was no man, and all the birds of the heavens were fled. 
I beheld, and, lo, the fruitful place was a wilderness, and all the cities thereof
171,ou. Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his. 
And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin; but the Spirit is life because of righteous
190,usts to devour the land, or if I send pestilence among my people; 
If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked 
232,est of the silver and the gold, that do after the will of your God. 
The vessels also that are given thee for the service of the house of thy God, those deliver thou before the God of Jerusalem. 
And whatsoever more shall be needful
217,h in me. 
For I know that in me (that is, in my flesh,) dwelleth no good thing: for to will is present with me; but how to perform that which is good I find not. 
For the good that I would I do not: but the evil which
188,riest, (for she was the sister of Ahaziah,) hid him from Athaliah, so that she slew him not. 
And he was with them hid in the house of God six years: and Athaliah reigned over the land. 
A
190, hath made thee whole. And immediately he received his sight, and followed Jesus in the way. 
And when they came nigh to Jerusalem, unto Bethphage and Bethany, at the mount of Olives, he sen
232, done to him: then I will send, and fetch thee from thence: why should I be deprived also of you both in one day? 
And Rebekah said to Isaac, I am weary of my life because of the daughters of Heth: if Jacob take a wife of the daught
229,their bows. 
And I looked, and rose up, and said unto the nobles, and to the rulers, and to the rest of the people, Be not ye afraid of them: remember the LORD, which is great and terrible, and fight for your brethren, your sons,
209,ter, and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his men. 
And they blessed Rebekah, and said unto her, Thou art our sister, be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of thos
234,f him that hath understanding seeketh knowledge: but the mouth of fools feedeth on foolishness. 
All the days of the afflicted are evil: but he that is of a merry heart hath a continual feast. 
Better is little with the fear of the LO
184, but the answer of a good conscience toward God,) by the resurrection of Jesus Christ: 
Who is gone into heaven, and is on the right hand of God; angels and authorities and powers bein
231,n house, there abide till ye depart from that place. 
And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear you, when ye depart thence, shake off the dust under your feet for a testimony against them. Verily I say unto you, It shall be mor
225,ve hundred. 
The sons of Joseph after their families were Manasseh and Ephraim. 
Of the sons of Manasseh: of Machir, the family of the Machirites: and Machir begat Gilead: of Gilead come the family of the Gileadites. 
These a
174,over the door of the tabernacle. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, thou shalt sleep with thy fathers; and this people will rise up, and go a whoring after the gods of th
184,respect unto thy statutes continually. 
Thou hast trodden down all them that err from thy statutes: for their deceit is falsehood. 
Thou puttest away all the wicked of the earth like d
223, the third part of trees was burnt up, and all green grass was burnt up. 
And the second angel sounded, and as it were a great mountain burning with fire was cast into the sea: and the third part of the sea became blood; 
A
174,mer conversation the old man, which is corrupt according to the deceitful lusts; 
And be renewed in the spirit of your mind; 
And that ye put on the new man, which after God 
184, aside to fight against him: and Jehoshaphat cried out. 
And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots perceived that it was not the king of Israel, that they turned back from
189,ged, till he have set judgment in the earth: and the isles shall wait for his law. 
Thus saith God the LORD, he that created the heavens, and stretched them out; he that spread forth the ea
173,he strong people glorify thee, the city of the terrible nations shall fear thee. 
For thou hast been a strength to the poor, a strength to the needy in his distress, a refug
229,
The wind hath bound her up in her wings, and they shall be ashamed because of their sacrifices. 
Hear ye this, O priests; and hearken, ye house of Israel; and give ye ear, O house of the king; for judgment is toward you, because
217, sea: and the third part of the sea became blood; 
And the third part of the creatures which were in the sea, and had life, died; and the third part of the ships were destroyed. 
And the third angel sounded, and there
212,old a voice out of the cloud, which said, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased; hear ye him. 
And when the disciples heard it, they fell on their face, and were sore afraid. 
And Jesus came and touch
212, thou hast blessed them altogether. 
And he answered and said, Must I not take heed to speak that which the LORD hath put in my mouth? 
And Balak said unto him, Come, I pray thee, with me unto another place, from
185,ehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was recorder: 
And Sheva was scribe: and Zadok and Abiathar were the priests: 
And Ira also the Jairite was a chief ruler about David. 
Then there was a fam
231,athers, to give them a land flowing with milk and honey, as it is this day. Then answered I, and said, So be it, O LORD. 
Then the LORD said unto me, Proclaim all these words in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem,
218, he spake. 
Now there was leaning on Jesus' bosom one of his disciples, whom Jesus loved. 
Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him, that he should ask who it should be of whom he spake. 
He then lying on Jesus' breast sa
187,he valley shall pick it out, and the young eagles shall eat it. 
There be three things which are too wonderful for me, yea, four which I know not: 
The way of an eagle in the air; the way
216,g Solomon raised a levy out of all Israel; and the levy was thirty thousand men. 
And he sent them to Lebanon, ten thousand a month by courses: a month they were in Lebanon, and two months at home: and Adoniram was o
224,
Therefore have I poured out mine indignation upon them; I have consumed them with the fire of my wrath: their own way have I recompensed upon their heads, saith the Lord GOD. 
The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying
172,in the night; because she overlaid it. 
And she arose at midnight, and took my son from beside me, while thine handmaid slept, and laid it in her bosom, and laid her dead c
211,, 
Duke Magdiel, duke Iram: these be the dukes of Edom, according to their habitations in the land of their possession: he is Esau the father of the Edomites. 
And Jacob dwelt in the land wherein his father was 
234,hat he was alive, and had been seen of her, believed not. 
After that he appeared in another form unto two of them, as they walked, and went into the country. 
And they went and told it unto the residue: neither believed they them. 
A
223,ompassed about Ophel, and raised it up a very great height, and put captains of war in all the fenced cities of Judah. 
And he took away the strange gods, and the idol out of the house of the LORD, and all the altars that h
171, the words of the commandments of the LORD, and of his statutes to Israel. 
Artaxerxes, king of kings, unto Ezra the priest, a scribe of the law of the God of heaven, perf
176,hall fail, and the fields shall yield no meat; the flock shall be cut off from the fold, and there shall be no herd in the stalls: 
Yet I will rejoice in the LORD, I will joy i
230,said unto Jehoshaphat, I will disguise myself, and enter into the battle; but put thou on thy robes. And the king of Israel disguised himself, and went into the battle. 
But the king of Syria commanded his thirty and two captains 
171,that he might run to Bethlehem his city: for there is a yearly sacrifice there for all the family. 
If he say thus, It is well; thy servant shall have peace: but if he be 
213,unto Jerusalem. 
And if it be meet that I go also, they shall go with me. 
Now I will come unto you, when I shall pass through Macedonia: for I do pass through Macedonia. 
And it may be that I will abide, yea, and
173,t of the hand of Saul: 
And he said, The LORD is my rock, and my fortress, and my deliverer; 
The God of my rock; in him will I trust: he is my shield, and the horn of my sa
221,teth in thee. 
Lord, thou hast been favourable unto thy land: thou hast brought back the captivity of Jacob. 
Thou hast forgiven the iniquity of thy people, thou hast covered all their sin. Selah. 
Thou hast taken away al
223,sness, and sanctification, and redemption: 
That, according as it is written, He that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord. 
And I, brethren, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech or of wisdom, declaring unt
176,all sprinkle of the blood of the sin offering upon the side of the altar; and the rest of the blood shall be wrung out at the bottom of the altar: it is a sin offering. 
And he
207, the sorcerers, and against the adulterers, and against false swearers, and against those that oppress the hireling in his wages, the widow, and the fatherless, and that turn aside the stranger from his righ
161,efiled; 
Lest there be any fornicator, or profane person, as Esau, who for one morsel of meat sold his birthright. 
For ye know how that afterward, when he would
184,en Zedekiah the king commanded that they should commit Jeremiah into the court of the prison, and that they should give him daily a piece of bread out of the bakers' street, until all 
171, to sacrifice unto the LORD thy God in Gilgal. 
And Samuel said, Hath the LORD as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices, as in obeying the voice of the LORD? Beh
216,arose, and did eat and drink, and went in the strength of that meat forty days and forty nights unto Horeb the mount of God. 
And he came thither unto a cave, and lodged there; and, behold, the word of the LORD came 
165,sence of the king in royal apparel of blue and white, and with a great crown of gold, and with a garment of fine linen and purple: and the city of Shushan rejoiced a
187,
He answered and said, Whether he be a sinner or no, I know not: one thing I know, that, whereas I was blind, now I see. 
Then said they to him again, What did he to thee? how opened he t
226,, and did eat grass as oxen, and his body was wet with the dew of heaven, till his hairs were grown like eagles' feathers, and his nails like birds' claws. 
And at the end of the days I Nebuchadnezzar lifted up mine eyes unto 
191, number of his name, stand on the sea of glass, having the harps of God. 
And they sing the song of Moses the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb, saying, Great and marvellous are thy wo
211,ngers' with thee. 
Let thy fountain be blessed: and rejoice with the wife of thy youth. 
Let her be as the loving hind and pleasant roe; let her breasts satisfy thee at all times; and be thou ravished always wit
192,ieve a lie: 
That they all might be damned who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness. 
But we are bound to give thanks alway to God for you, brethren beloved of the Lord,
218,e silver of them that were numbered of the congregation was an hundred talents, and a thousand seven hundred and threescore and fifteen shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary: 
A bekah for every man, that is, half 
213,wed, and his garments, and his sons, and his sons' garments with him. 
Also thou shalt take of the ram the fat and the rump, and the fat that covereth the inwards, and the caul above the liver, and the two kidneys
175,and out of darkness. 
The meek also shall increase their joy in the LORD, and the poor among men shall rejoice in the Holy One of Israel. 
For the terrible one is brought to n
187,ing, and make known unto me the interpretation thereof: but they could not shew the interpretation of the thing: 
And I have heard of thee, that thou canst make interpretations, and disso
236,he house of Joseph, they also went up against Bethel: and the LORD was with them. 
And the house of Joseph sent to descry Bethel. (Now the name of the city before was Luz.) 
And the spies saw a man come forth out of the city, and they s
216,ir up thyself, and awake to my judgment, even unto my cause, my God and my Lord. 
Judge me, O LORD my God, according to thy righteousness; and let them not rejoice over me. 
Let them not say in their hearts, Ah, so w
215, breath, and breathe upon these slain, that they may live. 
So I prophesied as he commanded me, and the breath came into them, and they lived, and stood up upon their feet, an exceeding great army. 
Then he said unt
201, David made a covenant, because he loved him as his own soul. 
And Jonathan stripped himself of the robe that was upon him, and gave it to David, and his garments, even to his sword, and to his bow, an
185,s hath sworn, saying, Surely as I have thought, so shall it come to pass; and as I have purposed, so shall it stand: 
That I will break the Assyrian in my land, and upon my mountains tr
230,mmandment to be given in every province was published unto all people, that they should be ready against that day. 
The posts went out, being hastened by the king's commandment, and the decree was given in Shushan the palace. And 
182,ry, Peace; and he that putteth not into their mouths, they even prepare war against him. 
Therefore night shall be unto you, that ye shall not have a vision; and it shall be dark unt
222,, and they are turned away back. 
So they shall bring out all thy wives and thy children to the Chaldeans: and thou shalt not escape out of their hand, but shalt be taken by the hand of the king of Babylon: and thou shalt 
171,by the sword, and thy strong garrisons shall go down to the ground. 
And they shall make a spoil of thy riches, and make a prey of thy merchandise: and they shall break do
173, hundred men that were with him unto Achish, the son of Maoch, king of Gath. 
And David dwelt with Achish at Gath, he and his men, every man with his household, even David w
183,g, 
Son of man, write thee the name of the day, even of this same day: the king of Babylon set himself against Jerusalem this same day. 
And utter a parable unto the rebellious house,
197,o he gave him the copy of the writing of the decree that was given at Shushan to destroy them, to shew it unto Esther, and to declare it unto her, and to charge her that she should go in unto the k
201,ereof they were informed concerning thee, are nothing; but that thou thyself also walkest orderly, and keepest the law. 
As touching the Gentiles which believe, we have written and concluded that they 
230,veh believed God, and proclaimed a fast, and put on sackcloth, from the greatest of them even to the least of them. 
For word came unto the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered 
236,chief captain of the band, that all Jerusalem was in an uproar. 
Who immediately took soldiers and centurions, and ran down unto them: and when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers, they left beating of Paul. 
Then the chief capt
184,ore grace: otherwise work is no more work. 
What then? Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for; but the election hath obtained it, and the rest were blinded. 
(According as 
201,they were in Lebanon, and two months at home: and Adoniram was over the levy. 
And Solomon had threescore and ten thousand that bare burdens, and fourscore thousand hewers in the mountains; 
Beside the
178,ervants, I beseech thee, ten days; and let them give us pulse to eat, and water to drink. 
Then let our countenances be looked upon before thee, and the countenance of the childr
190,chal his daughter to wife. 
And Saul saw and knew that the LORD was with David, and that Michal Saul's daughter loved him. 
And Saul was yet the more afraid of David; and Saul became David's
176,en the chief Shepherd shall appear, ye shall receive a crown of glory that fadeth not away. 
Likewise, ye younger, submit yourselves unto the elder. Yea, all of you be subject 
203,; and when they lifted up their voice with the trumpets and cymbals and instruments of musick, and praised the LORD, saying, For he is good; for his mercy endureth for ever: that then the house was fille
181,d this place with the blood of innocents; 
They have built also the high places of Baal, to burn their sons with fire for burnt offerings unto Baal, which I commanded not, nor spake
214,all they bring with the offerings made by fire of the fat, to wave it for a wave offering before the LORD; and it shall be thine, and thy sons' with thee, by a statute for ever; as the LORD hath commanded. 
And Mos
183,of Jeroham, the son of Pashur, the son of Malchijah, and Maasiai the son of Adiel, the son of Jahzerah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Meshillemith, the son of Immer; 
And their bre
223, the appearance of the wheels was as the colour of a beryl stone. 
And as for their appearances, they four had one likeness, as if a wheel had been in the midst of a wheel. 
When they went, they went upon their four sides; 
224,thousand and seven and thirty thousand and five hundred sheep: 
And the LORD'S tribute of the sheep was six hundred and threescore and fifteen. 
And the beeves were thirty and six thousand; of which the LORD'S tribute was th
177, itself, or is torn in pieces; neither came there abominable flesh into my mouth. 
Then he said unto me, Lo, I have given thee cow's dung for man's dung, and thou shalt prepare 
197,aff of bread. 
He sent a man before them, even Joseph, who was sold for a servant: 
Whose feet they hurt with fetters: he was laid in iron: 
Until the time that his word came: the word of the LORD 
206,or himself, and for his house. 
And he shall take the two goats, and present them before the LORD at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And Aaron shall cast lots upon the two goats; one lot fo
211,oaves among five thousand, how many baskets full of fragments took ye up? They say unto him, Twelve. 
And when the seven among four thousand, how many baskets full of fragments took ye up? And they said, Seven. 
218,the rulers brought onyx stones, and stones to be set, for the ephod, and for the breastplate; 
And spice, and oil for the light, and for the anointing oil, and for the sweet incense. 
The children of Israel brought a w
224,made in secret, and curiously wrought in the lowest parts of the earth. 
Thine eyes did see my substance, yet being unperfect; and in thy book all my members were written, which in continuance were fashioned, when as yet the
185,e burning which the LORD hath kindled. 
And ye shall not go out from the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, lest ye die: for the anointing oil of the LORD is upon you. And they
225,e hath done shall be spoken of for a memorial of her. 
And Judas Iscariot, one of the twelve, went unto the chief priests, to betray him unto them. 
And when they heard it, they were glad, and promised to give him money. And 
172,ribe of Juda, the Root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof. 
And I beheld, and, lo, in the midst of the throne and of the four b
221,even Bethlehem, and Etam, and Tekoa, 
And Bethzur, and Shoco, and Adullam, 
And Gath, and Mareshah, and Ziph, 
And Adoraim, and Lachish, and Azekah, 
And Zorah, and Aijalon, and Hebron, which are in Judah and in Benjamin 
182,r but he that denieth that Jesus is the Christ? He is antichrist, that denieth the Father and the Son. 
Whosoever denieth the Son, the same hath not the Father: he that acknowledgeth
232, set before the apostles: and when they had prayed, they laid their hands on them. 
And the word of God increased; and the number of the disciples multiplied in Jerusalem greatly; and a great company of the priests were obedient to 
212,these were the sons of Aholibamah, the daughter of Anah the daughter of Zibeon, Esau's wife: and she bare to Esau Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah. 
These were dukes of the sons of Esau: the sons of Eliphaz the first
172,herd putteth on his garment; and he shall go forth from thence in peace. 
He shall break also the images of Bethshemesh, that is in the land of Egypt; and the houses of the
212,ther leave caring for the asses, and take thought for us. 
And he said unto him, Behold now, there is in this city a man of God, and he is an honourable man; all that he saith cometh surely to pass: now let us go
216,in. 
And unto Joseph in the land of Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim, which Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bare unto him. 
And the sons of Benjamin were Belah, and Becher, and Ashbel, Gera, and N
208,, and encamped against the fenced cities, and thought to win them for himself. 
And when Hezekiah saw that Sennacherib was come, and that he was purposed to fight against Jerusalem, 
He took counsel with his 
223,rue. 
And there are also many other things which Jesus did, the which, if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written. Amen. 
The former treatise
215,t, and ground it very small, even until it was as small as dust: and I cast the dust thereof into the brook that descended out of the mount. 
And at Taberah, and at Massah, and at Kibrothhattaavah, ye provoked the L
165,said, Am I a dog's head, which against Judah do shew kindness this day unto the house of Saul thy father, to his brethren, and to his friends, and have not delivered
235,n Athaliah heard the noise of the people running and praising the king, she came to the people into the house of the LORD: 
And she looked, and, behold, the king stood at his pillar at the entering in, and the princes and the trumpets 
162, me, and mine ear received a little thereof. 
In thoughts from the visions of the night, when deep sleep falleth on men, 
Fear came upon me, and trembling, which 
166,pass. 
And when I heard this thing, I rent my garment and my mantle, and plucked off the hair of my head and of my beard, and sat down astonied. 
Then were assembled 
185,uld put me into the dungeon. 
When the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good, he said unto Joseph, I also was in my dream, and, behold, I had three white baskets on my head: 
163, LORD, Every male that openeth the womb shall be called holy to the Lord;) 
And to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of the Lord, A pair
185,er; because all the land shall become briers and thorns. 
And on all hills that shall be digged with the mattock, there shall not come thither the fear of briers and thorns: but it shal
199, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign when all these things shall be fulfilled? 
And Jesus answering them began to say, Take heed lest any man deceive you: 
For many shall come in m
212,oice. 
Now therefore, I pray thee, pardon my sin, and turn again with me, that I may worship the LORD. 
And Samuel said unto Saul, I will not return with thee: for thou hast rejected the word of the LORD, and the
192,ther will I have pity: but I will recompense thy ways upon thee, and thine abominations shall be in the midst of thee: and ye shall know that I am the LORD. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; An evil, 
221,as he came, so shall he go: and what profit hath he that hath laboured for the wind? 
All his days also he eateth in darkness, and he hath much sorrow and wrath with his sickness. 
Behold that which I have seen: it is goo
236,thee, which frameth mischief by a law? 
They gather themselves together against the soul of the righteous, and condemn the innocent blood. 
But the LORD is my defence; and my God is the rock of my refuge. 
And he shall bring upon them t
167,. 
And he said, They were my brethren, even the sons of my mother: as the LORD liveth, if ye had saved them alive, I would not slay you. 
And he said unto Jether his f
240,th in me by that which is good; that sin by the commandment might become exceeding sinful. 
For we know that the law is spiritual: but I am carnal, sold under sin. 
For that which I do I allow not: for what I would, that do I not; but what 
167,e city, and all the spoil thereof every whit, for the LORD thy God: and it shall be an heap for ever; it shall not be built again. 
And there shall cleave nought of th
231,his statutes, which he hath commanded thee. 
And thou shalt do that which is right and good in the sight of the LORD: that it may be well with thee, and that thou mayest go in and possess the good land which the LORD sware unto thy
182,uburbs of their cities may not be sold; for it is their perpetual possession. 
And if thy brother be waxen poor, and fallen in decay with thee; then thou shalt relieve him: yea, thou
177,he day of the LORD. 
They have seen vanity and lying divination, saying, The LORD saith: and the LORD hath not sent them: and they have made others to hope that they would confi
180,ent, ye shall all likewise perish. 
He spake also this parable; A certain man had a fig tree planted in his vineyard; and he came and sought fruit thereon, and found none. 
Then sa
202,m; for Moses had laid his hands upon him: and the children of Israel hearkened unto him, and did as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And there arose not a prophet since in Israel like unto Moses, whom the LOR
234,ressed, and five measures of parched corn, and an hundred clusters of raisins, and two hundred cakes of figs, and laid them on asses. 
And she said unto her servants, Go on before me; behold, I come after you. But she told not her hus
163, seven years and six months. 
And Abner the son of Ner, and the servants of Ishbosheth the son of Saul, went out from Mahanaim to Gibeon. 
And Joab the son of Zeru
181,er. 
And when he was twelve years old, they went up to Jerusalem after the custom of the feast. 
And when they had fulfilled the days, as they returned, the child Jesus tarried behi
195,s, and princess among the provinces, how is she become tributary! 
She weepeth sore in the night, and her tears are on her cheeks: among all her lovers she hath none to comfort her: all her frien
229,d. 
And Jeroboam's wife did so, and arose, and went to Shiloh, and came to the house of Ahijah. But Ahijah could not see; for his eyes were set by reason of his age. 
And the LORD said unto Ahijah, Behold, the wife of Jeroboam co
234,do evil in the sight of the LORD thy God, to provoke him to anger: 
I call heaven and earth to witness against you this day, that ye shall soon utterly perish from off the land whereunto ye go over Jordan to possess it; ye shall not p
181,s before thee, take her, and go, and let her be thy master's son's wife, as the LORD hath spoken. 
And it came to pass, that, when Abraham's servant heard their words, he worshipped
196,ing of Canaan before the children of Israel. 
And the hand of the children of Israel prospered, and prevailed against Jabin the king of Canaan, until they had destroyed Jabin king of Canaan. 
Then
224,thou killed, and also taken possession? And thou shalt speak unto him, saying, Thus saith the LORD, In the place where dogs licked the blood of Naboth shall dogs lick thy blood, even thine. 
And Ahab said to Elijah, Hast tho
211,y of the inhabitants of Jerusalem do not magnify themselves against Judah. 
In that day shall the LORD defend the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and he that is feeble among them at that day shall be as David; and the
185,ecy. 
And I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that sat upon him was called Faithful and True, and in righteousness he doth judge and make war. 
His eyes were as a flam
211,on of Israel, for the tabernacle of witness? 
For the sons of Athaliah, that wicked woman, had broken up the house of God; and also all the dedicated things of the house of the LORD did they bestow upon Baalim. 
202, 
The word which God sent unto the children of Israel, preaching peace by Jesus Christ: (he is Lord of all:) 
That word, I say, ye know, which was published throughout all Judaea, and began from Galilee
198,neither shalt thou lay upon him usury. 
If thou at all take thy neighbour's raiment to pledge, thou shalt deliver it unto him by that the sun goeth down: 
For that is his covering only, it is his ra
187,he was seen of Cephas, then of the twelve: 
After that, he was seen of above five hundred brethren at once; of whom the greater part remain unto this present, but some are fallen asleep. 
220, they allure through the lusts of the flesh, through much wantonness, those that were clean escaped from them who live in error. 
While they promise them liberty, they themselves are the servants of corruption: for of wh
221,in the midst of thee, shall fall into the midst of the seas in the day of thy ruin. 
The suburbs shall shake at the sound of the cry of thy pilots. 
And all that handle the oar, the mariners, and all the pilots of the sea
215,brother Philip's wife, and for all the evils which Herod had done, 
Added yet this above all, that he shut up John in prison. 
Now when all the people were baptized, it came to pass, that Jesus also being baptized, 
200,s out of the land. 
And it shall come to pass, that when any shall yet prophesy, then his father and his mother that begat him shall say unto him, Thou shalt not live; for thou speakest lies in the na
170,wn their enemies in the mire of the streets in the battle: and they shall fight, because the LORD is with them, and the riders on horses shall be confounded. 
And I will 
188, the land of the Chaldeans; this people was not, till the Assyrian founded it for them that dwell in the wilderness: they set up the towers thereof, they raised up the palaces thereof; and
188,nd. 
And they covet fields, and take them by violence; and houses, and take them away: so they oppress a man and his house, even a man and his heritage. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD; Beh
184,h the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty. 
I John, who also am your brother, and companion in tribulation, and in the kingdom and patience of Jesus Chris
189,f them; 
Take ye wives, and beget sons and daughters; and take wives for your sons, and give your daughters to husbands, that they may bear sons and daughters; that ye may be increased ther
211, they heard this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. 
And when Paul had laid his hands upon them, the Holy Ghost came on them; and they spake with tongues, and prophesied. 
And all the men were ab
189,in Judah, and spread themselves in Lehi. 
And the men of Judah said, Why are ye come up against us? And they answered, To bind Samson are we come up, to do to him as he hath done to us. 
Th
217,e came in, but shall go forth over against it. 
And the prince in the midst of them, when they go in, shall go in; and when they go forth, shall go forth. 
And in the feasts and in the solemnities the meat offering sh
169,; for all hold John as a prophet. 
And they answered Jesus, and said, We cannot tell. And he said unto them, Neither tell I you by what authority I do these things. 
But
164,he LORD; and thou forgavest the iniquity of my sin. Selah. 
For this shall every one that is godly pray unto thee in a time when thou mayest be found: surely in the
176,ame nigh unto the camp, that he saw the calf, and the dancing: and Moses' anger waxed hot, and he cast the tables out of his hands, and brake them beneath the mount. 
And he to
222,e shall these, which be the natural branches, be graffed into their own olive tree? 
For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in par
163,he acts of Abijah, and his ways, and his sayings, are written in the story of the prophet Iddo. 
So Abijah slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city 
234,gods, and shall prosper till the indignation be accomplished: for that that is determined shall be done. 
Neither shall he regard the God of his fathers, nor the desire of women, nor regard any god: for he shall magnify himself above 
220,u tarry, till I come to thee, and shew thee what thou shalt do. 
And it was so, that when he had turned his back to go from Samuel, God gave him another heart: and all those signs came to pass that day. 
And when they ca
194,younger; and he that is chief, as he that doth serve. 
For whether is greater, he that sitteth at meat, or he that serveth? is not he that sitteth at meat? but I am among you as he that serveth.
173,efiled his father's bed, his birthright was given unto the sons of Joseph the son of Israel: and the genealogy is not to be reckoned after the birthright. 
For Judah prevail
169,Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk ye in him: 
Rooted and built up in him, and stablished in the faith, as ye have been taught, abounding therein with thanksgiving. 
Beware 
223,, in the house of the LORD, before the new court, 
And said, O LORD God of our fathers, art not thou God in heaven? and rulest not thou over all the kingdoms of the heathen? and in thine hand is there not power and might, s
217,quity. 
If they obey and serve him, they shall spend their days in prosperity, and their years in pleasures. 
But if they obey not, they shall perish by the sword, and they shall die without knowledge. 
But the hypocr
216,ome like a stick. 
They that be slain with the sword are better than they that be slain with hunger: for these pine away, stricken through for want of the fruits of the field. 
The hands of the pitiful women have sod
187,the Son of man shall be betrayed unto the chief priests and unto the scribes, and they shall condemn him to death, 
And shall deliver him to the Gentiles to mock, and to scourge, and to c
214,house of his gods; 
Even those did Cyrus king of Persia bring forth by the hand of Mithredath the treasurer, and numbered them unto Sheshbazzar, the prince of Judah. 
And this is the number of them: thirty chargers
196,he tabernacle, and anointed Solomon. And they blew the trumpet; and all the people said, God save king Solomon. 
And all the people came up after him, and the people piped with pipes, and rejoiced
213, feast; for so used the young men to do. 
And it came to pass, when they saw him, that they brought thirty companions to be with him. 
And Samson said unto them, I will now put forth a riddle unto you: if ye can c
189,hall make ruler over his household, to give them their portion of meat in due season? 
Blessed is that servant, whom his lord when he cometh shall find so doing. 
Of a truth I say unto you,
183,sinner from the error of his way shall save a soul from death, and shall hide a multitude of sins. 
Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, to the strangers scattered throughout Pontus, Ga
160,ho are my brethren? 
And he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren! 
For whosoever shall do the will of my Fa
164, right way, that they might go to a city of habitation. 
Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men! 
Fo
211,niah. 
And the sons of Shechaniah; Shemaiah: and the sons of Shemaiah; Hattush, and Igeal, and Bariah, and Neariah, and Shaphat, six. 
And the sons of Neariah; Elioenai, and Hezekiah, and Azrikam, three. 
And th
220,and the fast of the fifth, and the fast of the seventh, and the fast of the tenth, shall be to the house of Judah joy and gladness, and cheerful feasts; therefore love the truth and peace. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; 
230, their nets, and followed him. 
And when he had gone a little farther thence, he saw James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, who also were in the ship mending their nets. 
And straightway he called them: and they left thei
162,ot of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof. 
And I beheld, and, lo, in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts, and
210,e fire, and that bringeth forth an instrument for his work; and I have created the waster to destroy. 
No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper; and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgm
223,
Be wise now therefore, O ye kings: be instructed, ye judges of the earth. 
Serve the LORD with fear, and rejoice with trembling. 
Kiss the Son, lest he be angry, and ye perish from the way, when his wrath is kindled but a 
171, which ye shall give shall be of the possession of the children of Israel: from them that have many ye shall give many; but from them that have few ye shall give few: ever
230,e unto thy fathers, as it is this day. 
And it shall be, if thou do at all forget the LORD thy God, and walk after other gods, and serve them, and worship them, I testify against you this day that ye shall surely perish. 
As the n
169,unto him all that were diseased, and them that were possessed with devils. 
And all the city was gathered together at the door. 
And he healed many that were sick of div
233,he land of Gilead. 
And the coast of Manasseh was from Asher to Michmethah, that lieth before Shechem; and the border went along on the right hand unto the inhabitants of Entappuah. 
Now Manasseh had the land of Tappuah: but Tappuah 
186,respect persons in judgment; but ye shall hear the small as well as the great; ye shall not be afraid of the face of man; for the judgment is God's: and the cause that is too hard for yo
181,efore now require his blood of your hand, and take you away from the earth? 
And David commanded his young men, and they slew them, and cut off their hands and their feet, and hange
211,ay that thou didst depart out of the land of Egypt, until ye came unto this place, ye have been rebellious against the LORD. 
Also in Horeb ye provoked the LORD to wrath, so that the LORD was angry with you to h
178,ss, if thou continue in his goodness: otherwise thou also shalt be cut off. 
And they also, if they abide not still in unbelief, shall be graffed in: for God is able to graff the
181,went in at the gate of his city. 
And after this, Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the field of Machpelah before Mamre: the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan. 
And th
237,e chief priests and captains, how he might betray him unto them. 
And they were glad, and covenanted to give him money. 
And he promised, and sought opportunity to betray him unto them in the absence of the multitude. 
Then came the day 
182,thou shalt not cut them down (for the tree of the field is man's life) to employ them in the siege: 
Only the trees which thou knowest that they be not trees for meat, thou shalt des
172, they made Israel to sin, in provoking the LORD God of Israel to anger with their vanities. 
Now the rest of the acts of Elah, and all that he did, are they not written in 
225,ck, but shall not divide it asunder: 
And he shall sprinkle of the blood of the sin offering upon the side of the altar; and the rest of the blood shall be wrung out at the bottom of the altar: it is a sin offering. 
And he s
201, give myself unto prayer. 
And they have rewarded me evil for good, and hatred for my love. 
Set thou a wicked man over him: and let Satan stand at his right hand. 
When he shall be judged, let him be 
190,lory of the LORD filled the tabernacle. 
And Moses was not able to enter into the tent of the congregation, because the cloud abode thereon, and the glory of the LORD filled the tabernacle. 
237,pon his enemies. 
He hath dispersed, he hath given to the poor; his righteousness endureth for ever; his horn shall be exalted with honour. 
The wicked shall see it, and be grieved; he shall gnash with his teeth, and melt away: the desir
172,rth to meet him, and cried, Hosanna: Blessed is the King of Israel that cometh in the name of the Lord. 
And Jesus, when he had found a young ass, sat thereon; as it is wri
191, his angels. 
He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches. 
And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia write; These things saith he that is holy, he that is 
190,d not still: remember the LORD afar off, and let Jerusalem come into your mind. 
We are confounded, because we have heard reproach: shame hath covered our faces: for strangers are come into 
227, Israel; and this land shall be your possession before the LORD. 
But if ye will not do so, behold, ye have sinned against the LORD: and be sure your sin will find you out. 
Build you cities for your little ones, and folds for 
164,he LORD, that I should obey his voice to let Israel go? I know not the LORD, neither will I let Israel go. 
And they said, The God of the Hebrews hath met with us: 
223, for thou art the LORD our God. 
Truly in vain is salvation hoped for from the hills, and from the multitude of mountains: truly in the LORD our God is the salvation of Israel. 
For shame hath devoured the labour of our fat
163,RD at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And Aaron shall cast lots upon the two goats; one lot for the LORD, and the other lot for the scapegoat. 
An
218,thy God doth drive them out from before thee. 
Thou shalt be perfect with the LORD thy God. 
For these nations, which thou shalt possess, hearkened unto observers of times, and unto diviners: but as for thee, the LORD 
215, subtilty, so your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ. 
For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus, whom we have not preached, or if ye receive another spirit, which ye have not recei
192,h, then be sure that evil is determined by him. 
Therefore thou shalt deal kindly with thy servant; for thou hast brought thy servant into a covenant of the LORD with thee: notwithstanding, if
206,e altar: likewise, when they had killed the rams, they sprinkled the blood upon the altar: they killed also the lambs, and they sprinkled the blood upon the altar. 
And they brought forth the he goats for t
183,estified and preached the word of the Lord, returned to Jerusalem, and preached the gospel in many villages of the Samaritans. 
And the angel of the Lord spake unto Philip, saying, Ar
234,gypt, and was in Egypt until the death of Solomon. 
And the rest of the acts of Solomon, and all that he did, and his wisdom, are they not written in the book of the acts of Solomon? 
And the time that Solomon reigned in Jerusalem ove
240,ver follow that which is good, both among yourselves, and to all men. 
Rejoice evermore. 
Pray without ceasing. 
In every thing give thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you. 
Quench not the Spirit. 
Despise not pr
198,two cherubims: and he spake unto him. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto Aaron and say unto him, When thou lightest the lamps, the seven lamps shall give light over against the cand
176,sdom. 
But there is a spirit in man: and the inspiration of the Almighty giveth them understanding. 
Great men are not always wise: neither do the aged understand judgment. 
Th
223,l happen to the just: but the wicked shall be filled with mischief. 
Lying lips are abomination to the LORD: but they that deal truly are his delight. 
A prudent man concealeth knowledge: but the heart of fools proclaimeth 
231,p upon Joseph's knees. 
And Joseph said unto his brethren, I die: and God will surely visit you, and bring you out of this land unto the land which he sware to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob. 
And Joseph took an oath of the childr
165,hat I gave her not to Shelah my son. And he knew her again no more. 
And it came to pass in the time of her travail, that, behold, twins were in her womb. 
And it ca
179,xceeding strong, having Judah and Benjamin on his side. 
And the priests and the Levites that were in all Israel resorted to him out of all their coasts. 
For the Levites left the
177,tools; if it be a son, then ye shall kill him: but if it be a daughter, then she shall live. 
But the midwives feared God, and did not as the king of Egypt commanded them, but s
192,e. 
And for the house he made windows of narrow lights. 
And against the wall of the house he built chambers round about, against the walls of the house round about, both of the temple and of 
194,eve are justified from all things, from which ye could not be justified by the law of Moses. 
Beware therefore, lest that come upon you, which is spoken of in the prophets; 
Behold, ye despisers
221,ouse of the LORD thy God. Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his mother's milk. 
Behold, I send an Angel before thee, to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared. 
Beware of him, and obey h
240,t none of them any more there. 
Neither will I hide my face any more from them: for I have poured out my spirit upon the house of Israel, saith the Lord GOD. 
In the five and twentieth year of our captivity, in the beginning of the year, in
180,th beasts, whether it be one of your own country, or a stranger, he shall both wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even: then shall he be clean. 
233,nd Shimrom, four. 
And the sons of Tola; Uzzi, and Rephaiah, and Jeriel, and Jahmai, and Jibsam, and Shemuel, heads of their father's house, to wit, of Tola: they were valiant men of might in their generations; whose number was in th
170, the land of the children of Ammon to Hanun, to comfort him. 
But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun, Thinkest thou that David doth honour thy father, tha
218,men of war which are under our charge, and there lacketh not one man of us. 
We have therefore brought an oblation for the LORD, what every man hath gotten, of jewels of gold, chains, and bracelets, rings, earrings, an
185,is name shall dwell therein. 
MAKE HASTE, O GOD, TO DELIVER ME; MAKE HASTE TO HELP ME, O LORD. 
Let them be ashamed and confounded that seek after my soul: let them be turned backward, 
181,ily of the Ahiramites: 
Of Shupham, the family of the Shuphamites: of Hupham, the family of the Huphamites. 
And the sons of Bela were ard and Naaman: of Ard, the family of the Ardi
160,nto your mind shall not be at all, that ye say, We will be as the heathen, as the families of the countries, to serve wood and stone. 
As I live, saith the Lord
183,fish that is in the waters beneath the earth: 
And lest thou lift up thine eyes unto heaven, and when thou seest the sun, and the moon, and the stars, even all the host of heaven, sho
223, king under the treasury, and took thence old cast clouts and old rotten rags, and let them down by cords into the dungeon to Jeremiah. 
And Ebedmelech the Ethiopian said unto Jeremiah, Put now these old cast clouts and rot
160,ou hast set up. 
Then was Nebuchadnezzar full of fury, and the form of his visage was changed against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego: therefore he spake, and c
166, 
This is the lamentation wherewith they shall lament her: the daughters of the nations shall lament her: they shall lament for her, even for Egypt, and for all her m
196,or he had great possessions. 
Then said Jesus unto his disciples, Verily I say unto you, That a rich man shall hardly enter into the kingdom of heaven. 
And again I say unto you, It is easier for 
229,he king said moreover to Shimei, Thou knowest all the wickedness which thine heart is privy to, that thou didst to David my father: therefore the LORD shall return thy wickedness upon thine own head; 
And king Solomon shall be bl
208,estroy thee, O covering cherub, from the midst of the stones of fire. 
Thine heart was lifted up because of thy beauty, thou hast corrupted thy wisdom by reason of thy brightness: I will cast thee to the grou
190,son will be on the other side. And the people said unto Saul, Do what seemeth good unto thee. 
Therefore Saul said unto the LORD God of Israel, Give a perfect lot. And Saul and Jonathan were
174,h them. 
If they shall confess their iniquity, and the iniquity of their fathers, with their trespass which they trespassed against me, and that also they have walked contrar
203,D God of Israel from everlasting, and to everlasting. Amen, and Amen. 
As the hart panteth after the water brooks, so panteth my soul after thee, O God. 
My soul thirsteth for God, for the living God: wh
221,an agony he prayed more earnestly: and his sweat was as it were great drops of blood falling down to the ground. 
And when he rose up from prayer, and was come to his disciples, he found them sleeping for sorrow, 
And sai
198,ledge shall the weak brother perish, for whom Christ died? 
But when ye sin so against the brethren, and wound their weak conscience, ye sin against Christ. 
Wherefore, if meat make my brother to of
210,mptied. And all the congregation said, Amen, and praised the LORD. And the people did according to this promise. 
Moreover from the time that I was appointed to be their governor in the land of Judah, from the 
211, and fastened his sockets, and set up the boards thereof, and put in the bars thereof, and reared up his pillars. 
And he spread abroad the tent over the tabernacle, and put the covering of the tent above upon i
165, unto him: in his righteousness that he hath done he shall live. 
Have I any pleasure at all that the wicked should die? saith the Lord GOD: and not that he should r
226,e wall: he spake also of beasts, and of fowl, and of creeping things, and of fishes. 
And there came of all people to hear the wisdom of Solomon, from all kings of the earth, which had heard of his wisdom. 
And Hiram king of T
229,the people, 
And shall say unto them, Hear, O Israel, ye approach this day unto battle against your enemies: let not your hearts faint, fear not, and do not tremble, neither be ye terrified because of them; 
For the LORD your God
172,
For I have not shunned to declare unto you all the counsel of God. 
Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock, over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you 
212,to make the cities of Judah desolate, and a den of dragons. 
O LORD, I know that the way of man is not in himself: it is not in man that walketh to direct his steps. 
O LORD, correct me, but with judgment; not in
218,n a city called Nazareth: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophets, He shall be called a Nazarene. 
In those days came John the Baptist, preaching in the wilderness of Judaea, 
And saying, Repent ye:
210,rnan, Ornan looked and saw David, and went out of the threshingfloor, and bowed himself to David with his face to the ground. 
Then David said to Ornan, Grant me the place of this threshingfloor, that I may bui
233,rob those that robbed them, saith the Lord GOD. 
And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will give unto Gog a place there of graves in Israel, the valley of the passengers on the east of the sea: and it shall stop the noses of 
204,And he shall lay his hand upon the head of his offering, and kill it before the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron's sons shall sprinkle the blood thereof round about upon the altar. 
And he shall 
209,arry, till I come to thee, and shew thee what thou shalt do. 
And it was so, that when he had turned his back to go from Samuel, God gave him another heart: and all those signs came to pass that day. 
And when
177,sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus: 
That in the ages to come he might shew the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus. 
For b
170, sea shore, and abode in his breaches. 
Zebulun and Naphtali were a people that jeoparded their lives unto the death in the high places of the field. 
The kings came and 
175,tes according to their families. 
These are that Aaron and Moses, to whom the LORD said, Bring out the children of Israel from the land of Egypt according to their armies. 
Th
195, that lieth in the house shall wash his clothes; and he that eateth in the house shall wash his clothes. 
And if the priest shall come in, and look upon it, and, behold, the plague hath not sprea
229,on after their families: of Nemuel, the family of the Nemuelites: of Jamin, the family of the Jaminites: of Jachin, the family of the Jachinites: 
Of Zerah, the family of the Zarhites: of Shaul, the family of the Shaulites. 
Thes
202,ound there. And he said, I will not destroy it for ten's sake. 
And the LORD went his way, as soon as he had left communing with Abraham: and Abraham returned unto his place. 
And there came two angels 
170,His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, a silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full
166, ark, thou, and thy wife, and thy sons, and thy sons' wives with thee. 
Bring forth with thee every living thing that is with thee, of all flesh, both of fowl, and of
233,and said, The man's name with whom I wrought to day is Boaz. 
And Naomi said unto her daughter in law, Blessed be he of the LORD, who hath not left off his kindness to the living and to the dead. And Naomi said unto her, The man is n
196,t, and all the multitude thereof shall be destroyed. 
I will destroy also all the beasts thereof from beside the great waters; neither shall the foot of man trouble them any more, nor the hoofs of
191,ished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord, and from the glory of his power; 
When he shall come to be glorified in his saints, and to be admired in all them that believ
214,they hearkened not unto the voice of their father, because the LORD would slay them. 
And the child Samuel grew on, and was in favour both with the LORD, and also with men. 
And there came a man of God unto Eli, an
204,athan said to David, Go in peace, forasmuch as we have sworn both of us in the name of the LORD, saying, The LORD be between me and thee, and between my seed and thy seed for ever. And he arose and depart
211,ith, Behold the Lamb of God! 
And the two disciples heard him speak, and they followed Jesus. 
Then Jesus turned, and saw them following, and saith unto them, What seek ye? They said unto him, Rabbi, (which is t
181,of Athaliah, and with him seventy males. 
And of the sons of Shephatiah; Zebadiah the son of Michael, and with him fourscore males. 
Of the sons of Joab; Obadiah the son of Jehiel, 
213, Zaanaim, which is by Kedesh. 
And they shewed Sisera that Barak the son of Abinoam was gone up to mount Tabor. 
And Sisera gathered together all his chariots, even nine hundred chariots of iron, and all the peopl
186,unto you, saying, Ye shall not serve the king of Babylon: for they prophesy a lie unto you. 
For I have not sent them, saith the LORD, yet they prophesy a lie in my name; that I might dr
220,saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne? why then doth Adonijah reign? 
Behold, while thou yet talkest there with the king, I also will come in after thee, and confirm thy 
223, near to flee unto, and it is a little one: Oh, let me escape thither, (is it not a little one?) and my soul shall live. 
And he said unto him, See, I have accepted thee concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow
217,e be lord of all; 
But is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father. 
Even so we, when we were children, were in bondage under the elements of the world: 
But when the fulness of the time was c
195,eplenish the earth. 
And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth, and upon every fowl of the air, upon all that moveth upon the earth, and upon all the fishes 
221,o them, Can the children of the bridechamber mourn, as long as the bridegroom is with them? but the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken from them, and then shall they fast. 
No man putteth a piece of new cl
222,e cast into the sea: his chosen captains also are drowned in the Red sea. 
The depths have covered them: they sank into the bottom as a stone. 
Thy right hand, O LORD, is become glorious in power: thy right hand, O LORD, h
171,about the camp; and all the host ran, and cried, and fled. 
And the three hundred blew the trumpets, and the LORD set every man's sword against his fellow, even throughout
214,ed, whom I have filled with the spirit of wisdom, that they may make Aaron's garments to consecrate him, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office. 
And these are the garments which they shall make; a bre
178,ich is the word of God: 
Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints; 
And for me,
172,r they disfigure their faces, that they may appear unto men to fast. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward. 
But thou, when thou fastest, anoint thine head, and was
181,ing to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war; 
Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Zebulun, were fifty 
229,hough I should boast somewhat more of our authority, which the Lord hath given us for edification, and not for your destruction, I should not be ashamed: 
That I may not seem as if I would terrify you by letters. 
For his letters
239,per, as he sat at meat, there came a woman having an alabaster box of ointment of spikenard very precious; and she brake the box, and poured it on his head. 
And there were some that had indignation within themselves, and said, Why was thi
187,l lose it; and he that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal. 
If any man serve me, let him follow me; and where I am, there shall also my servant be: if any man s
240, forty years were expired, there appeared to him in the wilderness of mount Sina an angel of the Lord in a flame of fire in a bush. 
When Moses saw it, he wondered at the sight: and as he drew near to behold it, the voice of the LORD came u
210, unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost. 
And he said unto them, Unto what then were ye baptized? And 
205,y man perfect in Christ Jesus: 
Whereunto I also labour, striving according to his working, which worketh in me mightily. 
For I would that ye knew what great conflict I have for you, and for them at Laodi
168,e field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see what he would call them: and whatsoever Adam called every living creature, that was the name there
179, Arise; for the LORD hath delivered into your hand the host of Midian. 
And he divided the three hundred men into three companies, and he put a trumpet in every man's hand, with e
231, the ark went upon the face of the waters. 
And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the high hills, that were under the whole heaven, were covered. 
Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail; and the mountai
199,he Lord permit. 
But I will tarry at Ephesus until Pentecost. 
For a great door and effectual is opened unto me, and there are many adversaries. 
Now if Timotheus come, see that he may be with you wi
178,hem, Get you into your tents again. 
But as for thee, stand thou here by me, and I will speak unto thee all the commandments, and the statutes, and the judgments, which thou shal
202,nd seven hundred and thirty. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Unto these the land shall be divided for an inheritance according to the number of names. 
To many thou shalt give the more inherita
193, son of Alphaeus, and Simon Zelotes, and Judas the brother of James. 
These all continued with one accord in prayer and supplication, with the women, and Mary the mother of Jesus, and with his 
188,cob, by the name of God Almighty, but by my name JEHOVAH was I not known to them. 
And I have also established my covenant with them, to give them the land of Canaan, the land of their pil
162, saying, 
Speak thou also unto the children of Israel, saying, Verily my sabbaths ye shall keep: for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations; 
196,eaten, because it is holy. 
And thus shalt thou do unto Aaron, and to his sons, according to all things which I have commanded thee: seven days shalt thou consecrate them. 
And thou shalt offer ev
216,it; that as there was a readiness to will, so there may be a performance also out of that which ye have. 
For it there be first a willing mind, it is accepted according to that a man hath, and not according to that h
176,he people mourned greatly. 
And they rose up early in the morning, and gat them up into the top of the mountain, saying, Lo, we be here, and will go up unto the place which the
165,f Israel, which prophesied in those days many years that I would bring thee against them? 
And it shall come to pass at the same time when Gog shall come against the
166,l, both of man and of beast: it is mine. 
And Moses said unto the people, Remember this day, in which ye came out from Egypt, out of the house of bondage; for by stre
169,ants of Jerusalem: lest my fury come forth like fire, and burn that none can quench it, because of the evil of your doings. 
Declare ye in Judah, and publish in Jerusale
183, Diblath, in all their habitations: and they shall know that I am the LORD. 
Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Also, thou son of man, thus saith the Lord GOD unto t
167,and hast justified thy sisters in all thine abominations which thou hast done. 
Thou also, which hast judged thy sisters, bear thine own shame for thy sins that thou h
171,arth. 
And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yieldin
234,excluded. By what law? of works? Nay: but by the law of faith. 
Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law. 
Is he the God of the Jews only? is he not also of the Gentiles? Yes, of the Gentiles
226,e cloud was a few days upon the tabernacle; according to the commandment of the LORD they abode in their tents, and according to the commandment of the LORD they journeyed. 
And so it was, when the cloud abode from even unto t
196,annot overthrow it; lest haply ye be found even to fight against God. 
And to him they agreed: and when they had called the apostles, and beaten them, they commanded that they should not speak in 
211,ment for him before the LORD. 
And the priest shall offer the sin offering, and make an atonement for him that is to be cleansed from his uncleanness; and afterward he shall kill the burnt offering: 
And the pri
182,is mount: 
Turn you, and take your journey, and go to the mount of the Amorites, and unto all the places nigh thereunto, in the plain, in the hills, and in the vale, and in the south
209, were departed from him, (for they left him in great diseases,) his own servants conspired against him for the blood of the sons of Jehoiada the priest, and slew him on his bed, and he died: and they buried hi
223,mation shall be of the male twenty shekels, and for the female ten shekels. 
And if it be from a month old even unto five years old, then thy estimation shall be of the male five shekels of silver, and for the female thy es
191,d said unto him, We will not hide it from my lord, how that our money is spent; my lord also hath our herds of cattle; there is not ought left in the sight of my lord, but our bodies, and our
214,b the son of Helon. 
And the tabernacle was taken down; and the sons of Gershon and the sons of Merari set forward, bearing the tabernacle. 
And the standard of the camp of Reuben set forward according to their arm
217,l visit you, and perform my good word toward you, in causing you to return to this place. 
For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the LORD, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected e
238,I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth; and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon. 
And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship t
227,shall be married. 
For as a young man marrieth a virgin, so shall thy sons marry thee: and as the bridegroom rejoiceth over the bride, so shall thy God rejoice over thee. 
I have set watchmen upon thy walls, O Jerusalem, which 
210,ther man nor woman make any more work for the offering of the sanctuary. So the people were restrained from bringing. 
For the stuff they had was sufficient for all the work to make it, and too much. 
And every
215,ar: and from terror; for it shall not come near thee. 
Behold, they shall surely gather together, but not by me: whosoever shall gather together against thee shall fall for thy sake. 
Behold, I have created the smit
179,dren of Sheth. 
And Edom shall be a possession, Seir also shall be a possession for his enemies; and Israel shall do valiantly. 
Out of Jacob shall come he that shall have dominio
231,n of Ammon, unto Aroer that is before Rabbah; 
And from Heshbon unto Ramathmizpeh, and Betonim; and from Mahanaim unto the border of Debir; 
And in the valley, Betharam, and Bethnimrah, and Succoth, and Zaphon, the rest of the king
211, of the king's house, thou shalt tell it to Zadok and Abiathar the priests. 
Behold, they have there with them their two sons, Ahimaaz Zadok's son, and Jonathan Abiathar's son; and by them ye shall send unto me 
231,gs which God hath prepared for them that love him. 
But God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit: for the Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep things of God. 
For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of m
163,God of heaven and earth, and build the house that was builded these many years ago, which a great king of Israel builded and set up. 
But after that our fathers ha
235,But this I say, He which soweth sparingly shall reap also sparingly; and he which soweth bountifully shall reap also bountifully. 
Every man according as he purposeth in his heart, so let him give; not grudgingly, or of necessity: for 
215,manifested his word through preaching, which is committed unto me according to the commandment of God our Saviour; 
To Titus, mine own son after the common faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and the
226,teth on eggs, and hatcheth them not; so he that getteth riches, and not by right, shall leave them in the midst of his days, and at his end shall be a fool. 
A glorious high throne from the beginning is the place of our sanctu
239,God, the LORD, the Creator of the ends of the earth, fainteth not, neither is weary? there is no searching of his understanding. 
He giveth power to the faint; and to them that have no might he increaseth strength. 
Even the youths shall f
171, my God through Jesus Christ for you all, that your faith is spoken of throughout the whole world. 
For God is my witness, whom I serve with my spirit in the gospel of his
239,ns and wonders in the land of Egypt, even unto this day, and in Israel, and among other men; and hast made thee a name, as at this day; 
And hast brought forth thy people Israel out of the land of Egypt with signs, and with wonders, and wi
224,shippeth shall the same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace. 
Therefore at that time, when all the people heard the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and all kinds of musick, all the peo
210, the beast that was, and is not, and yet is. 
And here is the mind which hath wisdom. The seven heads are seven mountains, on which the woman sitteth. 
And there are seven kings: five are fallen, and one is, an
193,
The LORD said also unto me in the days of Josiah the king, Hast thou seen that which backsliding Israel hath done? she is gone up upon every high mountain and under every green tree, and there
170,n the Lord greatly, that now at the last your care of me hath flourished again; wherein ye were also careful, but ye lacked opportunity. 
Not that I speak in respect of w
172,es. 
O LORD, thou hast deceived me, and I was deceived; thou art stronger than I, and hast prevailed: I am in derision daily, every one mocketh me. 
For since I spake, I cr
184,ound: every where and in all things I am instructed both to be full and to be hungry, both to abound and to suffer need. 
I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me. 
No
233,that she reverence her husband. 
Children, obey your parents in the Lord: for this is right. 
Honour thy father and mother; which is the first commandment with promise; 
That it may be well with thee, and thou mayest live long on the
235,be a fruitful field, and the fruitful field be counted for a forest. 
Then judgment shall dwell in the wilderness, and righteousness remain in the fruitful field. 
And the work of righteousness shall be peace; and the effect of righteo
177,s tempted of the devil. And in those days he did eat nothing: and when they were ended, he afterward hungered. 
And the devil said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, command t
184,came out of the camp of the Philistines in three companies: one company turned unto the way that leadeth to Ophrah, unto the land of Shual: 
And another company turned the way to Bethh
200,nd great boldness in the faith which is in Christ Jesus. 
These things write I unto thee, hoping to come unto thee shortly: 
But if I tarry long, that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to behave thys
231,
Then those men, when they had seen the miracle that Jesus did, said, This is of a truth that prophet that should come into the world. 
When Jesus therefore perceived that they would come and take him by force, to make him a king, 
212,ise he made in the uttermost side of another curtain, in the coupling of the second. 
Fifty loops made he in one curtain, and fifty loops made he in the edge of the curtain which was in the coupling of the second
234,namim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim, 
And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (out of whom came Philistim,) and Caphtorim. 
And Canaan begat Sidon his first born, and Heth, 
And the Jebusite, and the Amorite, and the Girgasite, 
And the Hivite, an
218,as ye hear the sound of the trumpet, then ye shall say, Absalom reigneth in Hebron. 
And with Absalom went two hundred men out of Jerusalem, that were called; and they went in their simplicity, and they knew not any th
210,him curse, because the LORD hath said unto him, Curse David. Who shall then say, Wherefore hast thou done so? 
And David said to Abishai, and to all his servants, Behold, my son, which came forth of my bowels, 
179, unto thee to come with me into Babylon, forbear: behold, all the land is before thee: whither it seemeth good and convenient for thee to go, thither go. 
Now while he was not yet
202,the Lord GOD; Let it suffice you, O princes of Israel: remove violence and spoil, and execute judgment and justice, take away your exactions from my people, saith the Lord GOD. 
Ye shall have just balan
231,n. 
But the children of the kingdom shall be cast out into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth. 
And Jesus said unto the centurion, Go thy way; and as thou hast believed, so be it done unto thee. And his se
171,ye shall be hungry: behold, my servants shall drink, but ye shall be thirsty: behold, my servants shall rejoice, but ye shall be ashamed: 
Behold, my servants shall sing f
193,he state of thy flocks, and look well to thy herds. 
For riches are not for ever: and doth the crown endure to every generation? 
The hay appeareth, and the tender grass sheweth itself, and her
197,heavens and the beast are fled; they are gone. 
And I will make Jerusalem heaps, and a den of dragons; and I will make the cities of Judah desolate, without an inhabitant. 
Who is the wise man, tha
206, wine into old bottles: else the new wine doth burst the bottles, and the wine is spilled, and the bottles will be marred: but new wine must be put into new bottles. 
And it came to pass, that he went throu
184, over all the precious things of Egypt: and the Libyans and the Ethiopians shall be at his steps. 
But tidings out of the east and out of the north shall trouble him: therefore he shal
221,le over them. 
And the people shall be oppressed, every one by another, and every one by his neighbour: the child shall behave himself proudly against the ancient, and the base against the honourable. 
When a man shall ta
171,lds; for he shall uncover the cedar work. 
This is the rejoicing city that dwelt carelessly, that said in her heart, I am, and there is none beside me: how is she become a
240,th man, and cattle, and the creeping things, and the fowl of the heaven; and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noah only remained alive, and they that were with him in the ark. 
And the waters prevailed upon the earth an hundred and f
238,sees, Are ye also deceived? 
Have any of the rulers or of the Pharisees believed on him? 
But this people who knoweth not the law are cursed. 
Nicodemus saith unto them, (he that came to Jesus by night, being one of them,) 
Doth our law j
182,ainst them: and they left him, and went their way. 
And they send unto him certain of the Pharisees and of the Herodians, to catch him in his words. 
And when they were come, they sa
210,shamed, let not mine enemies triumph over me. 
Yea, let none that wait on thee be ashamed: let them be ashamed which transgress without cause. 
Shew me thy ways, O LORD; teach me thy paths. 
Lead me in thy trut
173,lied, there arose a murmuring of the Grecians against the Hebrews, because their widows were neglected in the daily ministration. 
Then the twelve called the multitude of th
232,ch imagine mischiefs in their heart; continually are they gathered together for war. 
They have sharpened their tongues like a serpent; adders' poison is under their lips. Selah. 
Keep me, O LORD, from the hands of the wicked; prese
231, laugheth at the shaking of a spear. 
Sharp stones are under him: he spreadeth sharp pointed things upon the mire. 
He maketh the deep to boil like a pot: he maketh the sea like a pot of ointment. 
He maketh a path to shine after h
196,ay toward Judaea. 
When I therefore was thus minded, did I use lightness? or the things that I purpose, do I purpose according to the flesh, that with me there should be yea yea, and nay nay? 
But
197,upon the Chaldeans, saith the LORD, and upon the inhabitants of Babylon, and upon her princes, and upon her wise men. 
A sword is upon the liars; and they shall dote: a sword is upon her mighty men
175,ht upon the earth: and it was so. 
And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also. 
And God s
193, unto thee? 
Will he make a covenant with thee? wilt thou take him for a servant for ever? 
Wilt thou play with him as with a bird? or wilt thou bind him for thy maidens? 
Shall the companions 
206,en you, yet shall ye deliver the tale of bricks. 
And the officers of the children of Israel did see that they were in evil case, after it was said, Ye shall not minish ought from your bricks of your daily 
179, shalt consume all the people which the LORD thy God shall deliver thee; thine eye shall have no pity upon them: neither shalt thou serve their gods; for that will be a snare unto
174, came, lo, Eli sat upon a seat by the wayside watching: for his heart trembled for the ark of God. And when the man came into the city, and told it, all the city cried out. 

231,shall pass through Judah; he shall overflow and go over, he shall reach even to the neck; and the stretching out of his wings shall fill the breadth of thy land, O Immanuel. 
Associate yourselves, O ye people, and ye shall be broke
196,eover I will take from them the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride, the sound of the millstones, and the light of the candle. 
And t
218, is exceeding sorrowful, even unto death: tarry ye here, and watch with me. 
And he went a little farther, and fell on his face, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me: neverthele
216,And next to them builded Zaccur the son of Imri. 
But the fish gate did the sons of Hassenaah build, who also laid the beams thereof, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof. 
And next u
215,urselves therefore, and be ye holy: for I am the LORD your God. 
And ye shall keep my statutes, and do them: I am the LORD which sanctify you. 
For every one that curseth his father or his mother shall be surely put
207,t and the sun. 
Thou hast set all the borders of the earth: thou hast made summer and winter. 
Remember this, that the enemy hath reproached, O LORD, and that the foolish people have blasphemed thy name. 
O 
221,
And I appeared unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob, by the name of God Almighty, but by my name JEHOVAH was I not known to them. 
And I have also established my covenant with them, to give them the land of Canaan, t
180, up their houses with fire. 
Thus will I cause lewdness to cease out of the land, that all women may be taught not to do after your lewdness. 
And they shall recompense your lewdne
183,ite: for the fine linen is the righteousness of saints. 
And he saith unto me, Write, Blessed are they which are called unto the marriage supper of the Lamb. And he saith unto me, The
224,e law of thy mother: 
For they shall be an ornament of grace unto thy head, and chains about thy neck. 
My son, if sinners entice thee, consent thou not. 
If they say, Come with us, let us lay wait for blood, let us lurk pri
214, folly. 
The heart of the wise teacheth his mouth, and addeth learning to his lips. 
Pleasant words are as an honeycomb, sweet to the soul, and health to the bones. 
There is a way that seemeth right unto a man, bu
160,eth before the valley of the son of Hinnom, and which is in the valley of the giants on the north, and descended to the valley of Hinnom, to the side of Jebusi 
162,ot thy face from me, lest I be like unto them that go down into the pit. 
Cause me to hear thy lovingkindness in the morning; for in thee do I trust: cause me to 
197,to thee: 
Then thou shalt say unto them, I presented my supplication before the king, that he would not cause me to return to Jonathan's house, to die there. 
Then came all the princes unto Jeremia
229,o me; and if I be righteous, yet will I not lift up my head. I am full of confusion; therefore see thou mine affliction; 
For it increaseth. Thou huntest me as a fierce lion: and again thou shewest thyself marvellous upon me. 
Th
213,red. 
But after that I am risen, I will go before you into Galilee. 
But Peter said unto him, Although all shall be offended, yet will not I. 
And Jesus saith unto him, Verily I say unto thee, That this day, even 
171,at thou goest with us? so shall we be separated, I and thy people, from all the people that are upon the face of the earth. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, I will do this t
240,d the writing unto the king, and make known to him the interpretation. 
O thou king, the most high God gave Nebuchadnezzar thy father a kingdom, and majesty, and glory, and honour: 
And for the majesty that he gave him, all people, nations,
233,as he fair in his greatness, in the length of his branches: for his root was by great waters. 
The cedars in the garden of God could not hide him: the fir trees were not like his boughs, and the chestnut trees were not like his branc
181,t that same year, said unto them, Ye know nothing at all, 
Nor consider that it is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not. 
A
176,e archers shot at king Josiah; and the king said to his servants, Have me away; for I am sore wounded. 
His servants therefore took him out of that chariot, and put him in the 
194,it to take away his sin; when he maketh all the stones of the altar as chalkstones that are beaten in sunder, the groves and images shall not stand up. 
Yet the defenced city shall be desolate, 
202,they shall be afraid of the LORD our God, and shall fear because of thee. 
Who is a God like unto thee, that pardoneth iniquity, and passeth by the transgression of the remnant of his heritage? he retai
223, inhabitants thereof; and all the people that we saw in it are men of a great stature. 
And there we saw the giants, the sons of Anak, which come of the giants: and we were in our own sight as grasshoppers, and so we were i
237,ame back with Naomi out of the country of Moab: 
And she said, I pray you, let me glean and gather after the reapers among the sheaves: so she came, and hath continued even from the morning until now, that she tarried a little in the hou
237,stroyed the men, and the women, and the little ones, of every city, we left none to remain: 
Only the cattle we took for a prey unto ourselves, and the spoil of the cities which we took. 
From Aroer, which is by the brink of the river of
238,be, that fight against mount Zion. 
Stay yourselves, and wonder; cry ye out, and cry: they are drunken, but not with wine; they stagger, but not with strong drink. 
For the LORD hath poured out upon you the spirit of deep sleep, and hath 
168,Eleazar the priest, and before all the congregation: 
And he laid his hands upon him, and gave him a charge, as the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses. 
And the LORD s
236,alem; Thy birth and thy nativity is of the land of Canaan; thy father was an Amorite, and thy mother an Hittite. 
And as for thy nativity, in the day thou wast born thy navel was not cut, neither wast thou washed in water to supple thee
213,D thy God, and serve him, and shalt swear by his name. 
Ye shall not go after other gods, of the gods of the people which are round about you; 
(For the LORD thy God is a jealous God among you) lest the anger of t
192, voice of my supplications when I cried unto thee. 
O love the LORD, all ye his saints: for the LORD preserveth the faithful, and plentifully rewardeth the proud doer. 
Be of good courage, and
234,than the fat of rams. 
For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Because thou hast rejected the word of the LORD, he hath also rejected thee from being king. 
And Saul said unto Samuel, I
225,im, and cast him out of the vineyard. 
What shall therefore the lord of the vineyard do? he will come and destroy the husbandmen, and will give the vineyard unto others. 
And have ye not read this scripture; The stone which t
224,, and seven maidens, which were meet to be given her, out of the king's house: and he preferred her and her maids unto the best place of the house of the women. 
Esther had not shewed her people nor her kindred: for Mordecai
223,e bringeth them unto their desired haven. 
Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men! 
Let them exalt him also in the congregation of the people, and praise him i
199,commanded Moses, so Aaron laid it up before the Testimony, to be kept. 
And the children of Israel did eat manna forty years, until they came to a land inhabited; they did eat manna, until they came 
184, stood up: 
And Ezra blessed the LORD, the great God. And all the people answered, Amen, Amen, with lifting up their hands: and they bowed their heads, and worshipped the LORD with the
170,search out by wisdom concerning all things that are done under heaven: this sore travail hath God given to the sons of man to be exercised therewith. 
I have seen all the
174,arken unto me: for all the house of Israel are impudent and hardhearted. 
Behold, I have made thy face strong against their faces, and thy forehead strong against their foreh
162,is way to turn from it; if he do not turn from his way, he shall die in his iniquity; but thou hast delivered thy soul. 
Therefore, O thou son of man, speak unto 
167,of Jeroboam, and in his sin which he did, to make Israel to sin. 
Now the rest of the acts of Zimri, and his treason that he wrought, are they not written in the book 
237,dominion over me: then shall I be upright, and I shall be innocent from the great transgression. 
Let the words of my mouth, and the meditation of my heart, be acceptable in thy sight, O LORD, my strength, and my redeemer. 
The LORD hear
172,and of the woman that was slain, answered and said, I came into Gibeah that belongeth to Benjamin, I and my concubine, to lodge. 
And the men of Gibeah rose against me, and
195, the LORD, that was before the porch of the LORD. 
And he gathered all Judah and Benjamin, and the strangers with them out of Ephraim and Manasseh, and out of Simeon: for they fell to him out of 
225, one prisoner, whomsoever they desired. 
And there was one named Barabbas, which lay bound with them that had made insurrection with him, who had committed murder in the insurrection. 
And the multitude crying aloud began to 
182,hy commandments which thou hast commanded me: I have not transgressed thy commandments, neither have I forgotten them. 
I have not eaten thereof in my mourning, neither have I taken 
224,s cause that had done the wrong, nor for his cause that suffered wrong, but that our care for you in the sight of God might appear unto you. 
Therefore we were comforted in your comfort: yea, and exceedingly the more joyed w
171,ollowed thee. 
And he said unto them, Verily I say unto you, There is no man that hath left house, or parents, or brethren, or wife, or children, for the kingdom of God's 
199,ich men ought to work: in them therefore come and be healed, and not on the sabbath day. 
The Lord then answered him, and said, Thou hypocrite, doth not each one of you on the sabbath loose his ox or
200,, and the three wives of his sons with them, into the ark; 
They, and every beast after his kind, and all the cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth after his k
