1000
189,got a sheaf in the field, thou shalt not go again to fetch it: it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the widow: that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all the work of t
176,d made my confession, and said, O Lord, the great and dreadful God, keeping the covenant and mercy to them that love him, and to them that keep his commandments; 
We have sinne
194,; and he speedily gave her her things for purification, with such things as belonged to her, and seven maidens, which were meet to be given her, out of the king's house: and he preferred her and
228, did spin with their hands, and brought that which they had spun, both of blue, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of fine linen. 
And all the women whose heart stirred them up in wisdom spun goats' hair. 
And the rulers brought
195,id unto him the third time, Lovest thou me? And he said unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith unto him, Feed my sheep. 
Verily, verily, I say unto th
194,n the tabernacle as it were the appearance of fire, until the morning. 
So it was alway: the cloud covered it by day, and the appearance of fire by night. 
And when the cloud was taken up from t
207,ut woe unto that man by whom he is betrayed! 
And they began to enquire among themselves, which of them it was that should do this thing. 
And there was also a strife among them, which of them should be acco
216,her is there any understanding in them. 
O that they were wise, that they understood this, that they would consider their latter end! 
How should one chase a thousand, and two put ten thousand to flight, except their
230,en down all them that err from thy statutes: for their deceit is falsehood. 
Thou puttest away all the wicked of the earth like dross: therefore I love thy testimonies. 
My flesh trembleth for fear of thee; and I am afraid of thy 
171,hastening, God dealeth with you as with sons; for what son is he whom the father chasteneth not? 
But if ye be without chastisement, whereof all are partakers, then are ye
164,r the imagination of his own heart, No evil shall come upon you. 
For who hath stood in the counsel of the LORD, and hath perceived and heard his word? who hath mar
230,ideth upon that hath the issue shall be unclean. 
And whosoever toucheth any thing that was under him shall be unclean until the even: and he that beareth any of those things shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and
184,ot him that speaketh. For if they escaped not who refused him that spake on earth, much more shall not we escape, if we turn away from him that speaketh from heaven: 
Whose voice then 
174,thy judgments. 
Thy testimonies that thou hast commanded are righteous and very faithful. 
My zeal hath consumed me, because mine enemies have forgotten thy words. 
Thy word 
190, ashamed. 
He is near that justifieth me; who will contend with me? let us stand together: who is mine adversary? let him come near to me. 
Behold, the Lord GOD will help me; who is he that 
166,e comforted. 
And the spirits of the prophets are subject to the prophets. 
For God is not the author of confusion, but of peace, as in all churches of the saints. 
L
189,the sun went down when they were come to the hill of Ammah, that lieth before Giah by the way of the wilderness of Gibeon. 
And the children of Benjamin gathered themselves together after A
186,and no man dwelleth therein, 
Because of their wickedness which they have committed to provoke me to anger, in that they went to burn incense, and to serve other gods, whom they knew not
233,e shall rise out of Israel, and shall smite the corners of Moab, and destroy all the children of Sheth. 
And Edom shall be a possession, Seir also shall be a possession for his enemies; and Israel shall do valiantly. 
Out of Jacob sh
238,ood tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people. 
For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord. 
And this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lyin
198,tue: 
Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises: that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. 
And
219,saying, Behold, a sower went forth to sow; 
And when he sowed, some seeds fell by the way side, and the fowls came and devoured them up: 
Some fell upon stony places, where they had not much earth: and forthwith they sp
216,Thus did Moses: according to all that the LORD commanded him, so did he. 
And it came to pass in the first month in the second year, on the first day of the month, that the tabernacle was reared up. 
And Moses reared
200,ame and told her husband, saying, A man of God came unto me, and his countenance was like the countenance of an angel of God, very terrible: but I asked him not whence he was, neither told he me his n
219,sam, 
Mishma, and Dumah, Massa, Hadad, and Tema, 
Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah. These are the sons of Ishmael. 
Now the sons of Keturah, Abraham's concubine: she bare Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishba
169, had opened the sixth seal, and, lo, there was a great earthquake; and the sun became black as sackcloth of hair, and the moon became as blood; 
And the stars of heaven 
186,, and ruddy, and of a fair countenance. 
And the Philistine said unto David, Am I a dog, that thou comest to me with staves? And the Philistine cursed David by his gods. 
And the Philist
173,o Micah's house, and fetched the carved image, the ephod, and the teraphim, and the molten image. Then said the priest unto them, What do ye? 
And they said unto him, Hold t
231, be over the whole kingdom; 
And over these three presidents; of whom Daniel was first: that the princes might give accounts unto them, and the king should have no damage. 
Then this Daniel was preferred above the presidents and pr
221,ven from the beginning declared it to thee; before it came to pass I shewed it thee: lest thou shouldest say, Mine idol hath done them, and my graven image, and my molten image, hath commanded them. 
Thou hast heard, see 
172,Edrei, and Enhazor, 
And Iron, and Migdalel, Horem, and Bethanath, and Bethshemesh; nineteen cities with their villages. 
This is the inheritance of the tribe of the childr
175,. Selah. 
Arise, O LORD, in thine anger, lift up thyself because of the rage of mine enemies: and awake for me to the judgment that thou hast commanded. 
So shall the congrega
202, fathers, provoke not your children to wrath: but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. 
Servants, be obedient to them that are your masters according to the flesh, with fear and trem
216,d he said, Lay not thine hand upon the lad, neither do thou any thing unto him: for now I know that thou fearest God, seeing thou hast not withheld thy son, thine only son from me. 
And Abraham lifted up his eyes, an
231,Balak the son of Zippor, king of Moab, arose and warred against Israel, and sent and called Balaam the son of Beor to curse you: 
But I would not hearken unto Balaam; therefore he blessed you still: so I delivered you out of his ha
237,l: for sittest thou to judge me after the law, and commandest me to be smitten contrary to the law? 
And they that stood by said, Revilest thou God's high priest? 
Then said Paul, I wist not, brethren, that he was the high priest: for it
180,ye leave your glory? 
Without me they shall bow down under the prisoners, and they shall fall under the slain. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched 
225,s the silver and the gold and the vessels weighed in the house of our God by the hand of Meremoth the son of Uriah the priest; and with him was Eleazar the son of Phinehas; and with them was Jozabad the son of Jeshua, and Noa
202, duke Alvah, duke Jetheth, 
Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon, 
Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar, 
Duke Magdiel, duke Iram: these be the dukes of Edom, according to their habitations in the land
232,ury, and took thence old cast clouts and old rotten rags, and let them down by cords into the dungeon to Jeremiah. 
And Ebedmelech the Ethiopian said unto Jeremiah, Put now these old cast clouts and rotten rags under thine armholes 
187,ee ye, turn back, dwell deep, O inhabitants of Dedan; for I will bring the calamity of Esau upon him, the time that I will visit him. 
If grapegatherers come to thee, would they not leave
211,se you seven times for your sins. 
And ye shall eat the flesh of your sons, and the flesh of your daughters shall ye eat. 
And I will destroy your high places, and cut down your images, and cast your carcases up
175,her. 
The LORD shall count, when he writeth up the people, that this man was born there. Selah. 
As well the singers as the players on instruments shall be there: all my sprin
182,ake by his servant Ahijah the Shilonite: 
Because of the sins of Jeroboam which he sinned, and which he made Israel sin, by his provocation wherewith he provoked the LORD God of Isra
187,in unto wise counsels: 
To understand a proverb, and the interpretation; the words of the wise, and their dark sayings. 
The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge: but fools desp
218, a word again, because he feared him. 
And Abner sent messengers to David on his behalf, saying, Whose is the land? saying also, Make thy league with me, and, behold, my hand shall be with thee, to bring about all Isra
182,t which the stream did beat vehemently, and immediately it fell; and the ruin of that house was great. 
Now when he had ended all his sayings in the audience of the people, he entere
176,othan. 
And when they saw him afar off, even before he came near unto them, they conspired against him to slay him. 
And they said one to another, Behold, this dreamer cometh. 
225,behold, I will save thee from afar off, and thy seed from the land of their captivity; and Jacob shall return, and be in rest and at ease, and none shall make him afraid. 
Fear thou not, O Jacob my servant, saith the LORD: fo
193,r Benjamin their brother, and said, There is one tribe cut off from Israel this day. 
How shall we do for wives for them that remain, seeing we have sworn by the LORD that we will not give them
221,play with his hand, and thou shalt be well. 
And Saul said unto his servants, Provide me now a man that can play well, and bring him to me. 
Then answered one of the servants, and said, Behold, I have seen a son of Jesse 
195,up into heaven. 
And they worshipped him, and returned to Jerusalem with great joy: 
And were continually in the temple, praising and blessing God. Amen. 
In the beginning was the Word, and the W
180,dry ground, until all the people were passed clean over Jordan. 
And it came to pass, when all the people were clean passed over Jordan, that the LORD spake unto Joshua, saying, 
T
237,rt, and be converted, and I should heal them. 
These things said Esaias, when he saw his glory, and spake of him. 
Nevertheless among the chief rulers also many believed on him; but because of the Pharisees they did not confess him, lest
236,ng lions thereof, shall say unto thee, Art thou come to take a spoil? hast thou gathered thy company to take a prey? to carry away silver and gold, to take away cattle and goods, to take a great spoil? 
Therefore, son of man, prophesy a
210,o the king. 
And the children of Israel carried away captive of their brethren two hundred thousand, women, sons, and daughters, and took also away much spoil from them, and brought the spoil to Samaria. 
But a
164,unished. 
And it came to pass, that, as I made my journey, and was come nigh unto Damascus about noon, suddenly there shone from heaven a great light round about me
171,may be proved, whether there be any truth in you: or else by the life of Pharaoh surely ye are spies. 
And he put them all together into ward three days. 
And Joseph said 
180,rusalem; whom they slew and hanged on a tree: 
Him God raised up the third day, and shewed him openly; 
Not to all the people, but unto witnesses chosen before God, even to us, who
217, with him, saying, Fight ye not with small or great, save only with the king of Israel. 
And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, It is the king of Israel. Therefore they
228,f the trumpet, then ye shall say, Absalom reigneth in Hebron. 
And with Absalom went two hundred men out of Jerusalem, that were called; and they went in their simplicity, and they knew not any thing. 
And Absalom sent for Ahith
182, by, let the first hold his peace. 
For ye may all prophesy one by one, that all may learn, and all may be comforted. 
And the spirits of the prophets are subject to the prophets. 
F
218,and his rebuke with flames of fire. 
For by fire and by his sword will the LORD plead with all flesh: and the slain of the LORD shall be many. 
They that sanctify themselves, and purify themselves in the gardens behind
184,efest of the herdmen that belonged to Saul. 
And David said unto Ahimelech, And is there not here under thine hand spear or sword? for I have neither brought my sword nor my weapons wi
222,accepted thee concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow this city, for the which thou hast spoken. 
Haste thee, escape thither; for I cannot do anything till thou be come thither. Therefore the name of the city
193, in, and found many that were come together. 
And he said unto them, Ye know how that it is an unlawful thing for a man that is a Jew to keep company, or come unto one of another nation; but Go
182,rested on the seventh day. 
And the house of Israel called the name thereof Manna: and it was like coriander seed, white; and the taste of it was like wafers made with honey. 
And Mo
203,e very deep. 
A brutish man knoweth not; neither doth a fool understand this. 
When the wicked spring as the grass, and when all the workers of iniquity do flourish; it is that they shall be destroyed fo
215,the prophet, and in the prophecy of Ahijah the Shilonite, and in the visions of Iddo the seer against Jeroboam the son of Nebat? 
And Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all Israel forty years. 
And Solomon slept with
216, house, that thou hast brought me hitherto? 
And this was yet a small thing in thy sight, O Lord GOD; but thou hast spoken also of thy servant's house for a great while to come. And is this the manner of man, O Lord 
220,hem into the house of the LORD, into one of the chambers, and give them wine to drink. 
Then I took Jaazaniah the son of Jeremiah, the son of Habaziniah, and his brethren, and all his sons, and the whole house of the Rec
184,ed and said unto them, What did Moses command you? 
And they said, Moses suffered to write a bill of divorcement, and to put her away. 
And Jesus answered and said unto them, For the h
205, utterly destroyed all that was in the city, both man and woman, young and old, and ox, and sheep, and ass, with the edge of the sword. 
But Joshua had said unto the two men that had spied out the country,
211, walking in the statutes of David his father: only he sacrificed and burnt incense in high places. 
And the king went to Gibeon to sacrifice there; for that was the great high place: a thousand burnt offerings d
163, the gates of the land; I will bereave them of children, I will destroy my people since they return not from their ways. 
Their widows are increased to me above th
209,l die there. 
And I will scatter toward every wind all that are about him to help him, and all his bands; and I will draw out the sword after them. 
And they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall scatter
237,and thy countenance is comely. 
Take us the foxes, the little foxes, that spoil the vines: for our vines have tender grapes. 
My beloved is mine, and I am his: he feedeth among the lilies. 
Until the day break, and the shadows flee away,
192,which came up with him unto Jerusalem. 
And now when the even was come, because it was the preparation, that is, the day before the sabbath, 
Joseph of Arimathaea, an honourable counsellor, wh
221,remnant of Israel, and such as are escaped of the house of Jacob, shall no more again stay upon him that smote them; but shall stay upon the LORD, the Holy One of Israel, in truth. 
The remnant shall return, even the remn
191,ur enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you; 
That ye may be the children of your Father which is in 
209,ons from thenceforth. 
In those days Hezekiah was sick to the death, and prayed unto the LORD: and he spake unto him, and he gave him a sign. 
But Hezekiah rendered not again according to the benefit done unto
179,ered into the hand of the king of Babylon, and shall speak with him mouth to mouth, and his eyes shall behold his eyes; 
And he shall lead Zedekiah to Babylon, and there shall he 
180,as ye go, preach, saying, The kingdom of heaven is at hand. 
Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give. 
Provide neit
209,er.) 
So she caught him, and kissed him, and with an impudent face said unto him, 
I have peace offerings with me; this day have I payed my vows. 
Therefore came I forth to meet thee, diligently to seek thy fa
198,hroughout all the coasts of Israel by the hands of messengers, saying, Whosoever cometh not forth after Saul and after Samuel, so shall it be done unto his oxen. And the fear of the LORD fell on the
237,er I have driven them, and will bring them again to their folds; and they shall be fruitful and increase. 
And I will set up shepherds over them which shall feed them: and they shall fear no more, nor be dismayed, neither shall they be l
209, kingdom of God, shall see my face no more. 
Wherefore I take you to record this day, that I am pure from the blood of all men. 
For I have not shunned to declare unto you all the counsel of God. 
Take heed th
192,d was upon him. 
Now his parents went to Jerusalem every year at the feast of the passover. 
And when he was twelve years old, they went up to Jerusalem after the custom of the feast. 
And whe
231,ur wings; and the likeness of the hands of a man was under their wings. 
And the likeness of their faces was the same faces which I saw by the river of Chebar, their appearances and themselves: they went every one straight forward.
174,epared a place for the ark of God, and pitched for it a tent. 
Then David said, None ought to carry the ark of God but the Levites: for them hath the LORD chosen to carry the
205,will bring upon this city and upon all her towns all the evil that I have pronounced against it, because they have hardened their necks, that they might not hear my words. 
Now Pashur the son of Immer the 
176,ght him not after the due order. 
So the priests and the Levites sanctified themselves to bring up the ark of the LORD God of Israel. 
And the children of the Levites bare the 
165,and he counted it to him for righteousness. 
And he said unto him, I am the LORD that brought thee out of Ur of the Chaldees, to give thee this land to inherit it. 

206,e shepherds of Israel that do feed themselves! should not the shepherds feed the flocks? 
Ye eat the fat, and ye clothe you with the wool, ye kill them that are fed: but ye feed not the flock. 
The diseased
201,y two sons, Ephraim and Manasseh, which were born unto thee in the land of Egypt before I came unto thee into Egypt, are mine; as Reuben and Simeon, they shall be mine. 
And thy issue, which thou beget
219,s soon angry dealeth foolishly: and a man of wicked devices is hated. 
The simple inherit folly: but the prudent are crowned with knowledge. 
The evil bow before the good; and the wicked at the gates of the righteous. 

238,e name of the LORD Jesus, saying, We adjure you by Jesus whom Paul preacheth. 
And there were seven sons of one Sceva, a Jew, and chief of the priests, which did so. 
And the evil spirit answered and said, Jesus I know, and Paul I know; b
160,and ye shall know that I am the LORD. 
So I prophesied as I was commanded: and as I prophesied, there was a noise, and behold a shaking, and the bones came toge
236,and with a stretched out arm, and with fury poured out. 
And I will bring you into the wilderness of the people, and there will I plead with you face to face. 
Like as I pleaded with your fathers in the wilderness of the land of Egypt, 
203,the presence of the people. 
And the children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, and half the tribe of Manasseh, passed over armed before the children of Israel, as Moses spake unto them: 
About forty t
168,elieve him not: 
For false Christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall shew signs and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect. 
But take ye heed: b
226, serve them, nor bow yourselves unto them: 
But cleave unto the LORD your God, as ye have done unto this day. 
For the LORD hath driven out from before you great nations and strong: but as for you, no man hath been able to sta
235,king had made for fear of Baasha king of Israel: and Ishmael the son of Nethaniah filled it with them that were slain. 
Then Ishmael carried away captive all the residue of the people that were in Mizpah, even the king's daughters, and
165,rished your hearts, as in a day of slaughter. 
Ye have condemned and killed the just; and he doth not resist you. 
Be patient therefore, brethren, unto the coming of
196, the LORD hath spoken it. 
The burden of Tyre. Howl, ye ships of Tarshish; for it is laid waste, so that there is no house, no entering in: from the land of Chittim it is revealed to them. 
Be sti
170, Jerimoth, and Bealiah, and Shemariah, and Shephatiah the Haruphite, 
Elkanah, and Jesiah, and Azareel, and Joezer, and Jashobeam, the Korhites, 
And Joelah, and Zebadiah
194,hese threescore and ten years? 
And the LORD answered the angel that talked with me with good words and comfortable words. 
So the angel that communed with me said unto me, Cry thou, saying, Thu
234,r young men shall see visions: 
And also upon the servants and upon the handmaids in those days will I pour out my spirit. 
And I will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke. 
The sun shall
186, for the LORD will certainly make my lord a sure house; because my lord fighteth the battles of the LORD, and evil hath not been found in thee all thy days. 
Yet a man is risen to pursue
232, allure her, and bring her into the wilderness, and speak comfortably unto her. 
And I will give her her vineyards from thence, and the valley of Achor for a door of hope: and she shall sing there, as in the days of her youth, and a
213,s of their iniquity, according to the number of the days, three hundred and ninety days: so shalt thou bear the iniquity of the house of Israel. 
And when thou hast accomplished them, lie again on thy right side, 
188,nd is stretched out still. 
For the people turneth not unto him that smiteth them, neither do they seek the LORD of hosts. 
Therefore the LORD will cut off from Israel head and tail, branc
224, shalt lay it up within thy gates: 
And the Levite, (because he hath no part nor inheritance with thee,) and the stranger, and the fatherless, and the widow, which are within thy gates, shall come, and shall eat and be satis
178, four beasts saying, Come and see. 
And I saw, and behold a white horse: and he that sat on him had a bow; and a crown was given unto him: and he went forth conquering, and to co
172,r ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is 
188,his people draw near me with their mouth, and with their lips do honour me, but have removed their heart far from me, and their fear toward me is taught by the precept of men: 
Therefore, 
180,nance in Israel: and, behold, they are written in the lamentations. 
Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and his goodness, according to that which was written in the law of the LOR
172,emidaites: and of Hepher, the family of the Hepherites. 
And Zelophehad the son of Hepher had no sons, but daughters: and the names of the daughters of Zelophehad were Mahl
207,e to pass. 
Then Joshua called the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh, 
And said unto them, Ye have kept all that Moses the servant of the LORD commanded you, and have obeyed my voic
191,r? 
Ye that put far away the evil day, and cause the seat of violence to come near; 
That lie upon beds of ivory, and stretch themselves upon their couches, and eat the lambs out of the flock
229,n a race. 
His going forth is from the end of the heaven, and his circuit unto the ends of it: and there is nothing hid from the heat thereof. 
The law of the LORD is perfect, converting the soul: the testimony of the LORD is sur
212,to him, Go up; for I will deliver them into thine hand. 
So they came up to Baalperazim; and David smote them there. Then David said, God hath broken in upon mine enemies by mine hand like the breaking forth of w
178, people, unto the land which I do give to them, even to the children of Israel. 
Every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you, as I said un
189,. Yet ye say, Wherein have we wearied him? When ye say, Every one that doeth evil is good in the sight of the LORD, and he delighteth in them; or, Where is the God of judgment? 
Behold, I w
180,me: for anguish is come upon me, because my life is yet whole in me. 
So I stood upon him, and slew him, because I was sure that he could not live after that he was fallen: and I t
239,dah, unto the end of the eleventh year of Zedekiah the son of Josiah king of Judah, unto the carrying away of Jerusalem captive in the fifth month. 
Then the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Before I formed thee in the belly I knew 
166,statutes: for their deceit is falsehood. 
Thou puttest away all the wicked of the earth like dross: therefore I love thy testimonies. 
My flesh trembleth for fear of 
218,y. 
Nevertheless Saul spake not any thing that day: for he thought, Something hath befallen him, he is not clean; surely he is not clean. 
And it came to pass on the morrow, which was the second day of the month, that 
230,, when they heard that, said, This man calleth for Elias. 
And straightway one of them ran, and took a spunge, and filled it with vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink. 
The rest said, Let be, let us see whether Eli
225, the freewoman. 
So then, brethren, we are not children of the bondwoman, but of the free. 
Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage. 
Behold,
233,r, What man is he that will begin to fight against the children of Ammon? he shall be head over all the inhabitants of Gilead. 
Now Jephthah the Gileadite was a mighty man of valour, and he was the son of an harlot: and Gilead begat 
213,teshazzar, declare the interpretation thereof, forasmuch as all the wise men of my kingdom are not able to make known unto me the interpretation: but thou art able; for the spirit of the holy gods is in thee. 
The
185,poil the pomp of Egypt, and all the multitude thereof shall be destroyed. 
I will destroy also all the beasts thereof from beside the great waters; neither shall the foot of man trouble
218,wo sockets under one board for his two tenons, and two sockets under another board for his two tenons. 
And for the other side of the tabernacle, which is toward the north corner, he made twenty boards, 
And their fort
210, the rest of the dead lived not again until the thousand years were finished. This is the first resurrection. 
Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection: on such the second death hath no p
203,arth belong unto God: he is greatly exalted. 
Great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised in the city of our God, in the mountain of his holiness. 
Beautiful for situation, the joy of the whole earth, i
225,alm trees were upon the posts thereof: and the going up to it had eight steps. 
And he brought me into the inner court toward the east: and he measured the gate according to these measures. 
And the little chambers thereof, a
172, them, Thus it is written, and thus it behoved Christ to suffer, and to rise from the dead the third day: 
And that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in h
235,l thy desire concerning timber of cedar, and concerning timber of fir. 
My servants shall bring them down from Lebanon unto the sea: and I will convey them by sea in floats unto the place that thou shalt appoint me, and will cause them
240, the LORD said unto me, Gather me the people together, and I will make them hear my words, that they may learn to fear me all the days that they shall live upon the earth, and that they may teach their children. 
And ye came near and stood 
239,ot reason that we should leave the word of God, and serve tables. 
Wherefore, brethren, look ye out among you seven men of honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom, whom we may appoint over this business. 
But we will give ourselve
183,ame, and spake unto Rehoboam, saying, 
Thy father made our yoke grievous: now therefore make thou the grievous service of thy father, and his heavy yoke which he put upon us, lighter,
200,that Hushai said unto Absalom, God save the king, God save the king. 
And Absalom said to Hushai, Is this thy kindness to thy friend? why wentest thou not with thy friend? 
And Hushai said unto Absalo
235,raise thee among much people. 
Let not them that are mine enemies wrongfully rejoice over me: neither let them wink with the eye that hate me without a cause. 
For they speak not peace: but they devise deceitful matters against them th
172,refore the LORD God of Israel saith, I said indeed that thy house, and the house of thy father, should walk before me for ever: but now the LORD saith, Be it far from me; f
223, night. 
And all the children of Israel murmured against Moses and against Aaron: and the whole congregation said unto them, Would God that we had died in the land of Egypt! or would God we had died in this wilderness! 
And
166, to the chamber over the gate, and wept: and as he went, thus he said, O my son Absalom, my son, my son Absalom! would God I had died for thee, O Absalom, my son, my 
208,ough a glass, darkly; but then face to face: now I know in part; but then shall I know even as also I am known. 
And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity. 
Follo
228,d he shall make an atonement for the priests, and for all the people of the congregation. 
And this shall be an everlasting statute unto you, to make an atonement for the children of Israel for all their sins once a year. And he
231,ith the Lord GOD. 
I will seek that which was lost, and bring again that which was driven away, and will bind up that which was broken, and will strengthen that which was sick: but I will destroy the fat and the strong; I will feed
210, no water; they returned with their vessels empty; they were ashamed and confounded, and covered their heads. 
Because the ground is chapt, for there was no rain in the earth, the plowmen were ashamed, they cov
170,idon his firstborn, and Heth, 
The Jebusite also, and the Amorite, and the Girgashite, 
And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite, 
And the Arvadite, and the Zemarit
223,rd thee: Behold, I have blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly; twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation. 
But my covenant will I establish with Isaac, which Sara
230, the walls thereof, and the doors thereof, with gold; and graved cherubims on the walls. 
And he made the most holy house, the length whereof was according to the breadth of the house, twenty cubits, and the breadth thereof twenty
160,he LORD thy God. 
Blessed shalt thou be in the city, and blessed shalt thou be in the field. 
Blessed shall be the fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy groun
168,at he commanded the children of Israel to offer their oblations unto the LORD, in the wilderness of Sinai. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Take Aaron and his s
177, it a small thing unto you to have eaten up the good pasture, but ye must tread down with your feet the residue of your pastures? and to have drunk of the deep waters, but ye mu
178, 
Our fathers worshipped in this mountain; and ye say, that in Jerusalem is the place where men ought to worship. 
Jesus saith unto her, Woman, believe me, the hour cometh, when 
208,e priests, and the Levites, unto Ezra the scribe, even to understand the words of the law. 
And they found written in the law which the LORD had commanded by Moses, that the children of Israel should dwell in
198,r sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams: 
And on my servants and on my handmaidens I will pour out in those days of my Spi
182,f the court, and the curtain for the door of the court, which is by the tabernacle, and by the altar round about, and the cords of it for all the service thereof. 
And of Kohath was 
176, of the seventh day on this wise, And God did rest the seventh day from all his works. 
And in this place again, If they shall enter into my rest. 
Seeing therefore it remainet
182, 
And when Boaz had eaten and drunk, and his heart was merry, he went to lie down at the end of the heap of corn: and she came softly, and uncovered his feet, and laid her down. 
And
236,from Heshbon unto Ramathmizpeh, and Betonim; and from Mahanaim unto the border of Debir; 
And in the valley, Betharam, and Bethnimrah, and Succoth, and Zaphon, the rest of the kingdom of Sihon king of Heshbon, Jordan and his border, eve
202,ed after Abner; and in going he turned not to the right hand nor to the left from following Abner. 
Then Abner looked behind him, and said, Art thou Asahel? And he answered, I am. 
And Abner said to him
206,hy truth. 
I have not sat with vain persons, neither will I go in with dissemblers. 
I have hated the congregation of evil doers; and will not sit with the wicked. 
I will wash mine hands in innocency: so w
195,. 
And the other two ends of the two wreathen chains thou shalt fasten in the two ouches, and put them on the shoulderpieces of the ephod before it. 
And thou shalt make two rings of gold, and th
238,the word of God, and for the testimony which they held: 
And they cried with a loud voice, saying, How long, O Lord, holy and true, dost thou not judge and avenge our blood on them that dwell on the earth? 
And white robes were given unto
175, fathers, though he be not cleansed according to the purification of the sanctuary. 
And the LORD hearkened to Hezekiah, and healed the people. 
And the children of Israel tha
170,g, he shall praise thee, as I do this day: the father to the children shall make known thy truth. 
The LORD was ready to save me: therefore we will sing my songs to the s
166,hich the Philistines had done to Saul; 
All the valiant men arose, and went all night, and took the body of Saul and the bodies of his sons from the wall of Bethshan,
205,hen can man be justified with God? or how can he be clean that is born of a woman? 
Behold even to the moon, and it shineth not; yea, the stars are not pure in his sight. 
How much less man, that is a worm
161,ors have cut me off. 
They came round about me daily like water; they compassed me about together. 
Lover and friend hast thou put far from me, and mine acquaint
208,rously, and an abomination is committed in Israel and in Jerusalem; for Judah hath profaned the holiness of the LORD which he loved, and hath married the daughter of a strange god. 
The LORD will cut off the 
187,ye will deal kindly and truly with my master, tell me: and if not, tell me; that I may turn to the right hand, or to the left. 
Then Laban and Bethuel answered and said, The thing proceed
221,against his army. 
And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped his image. These b
217, told them his dream; but there was none that could interpret them unto Pharaoh. 
Then spake the chief butler unto Pharaoh, saying, I do remember my faults this day: 
Pharaoh was wroth with his servants, and put me in
238, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The twelfth to Hashabiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The thirteenth to Shubael, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The fourteenth to Mattithiah, he, his sons, an
238,ppearance, but judge righteous judgment. 
Then said some of them of Jerusalem, Is not this he, whom they seek to kill? 
But, lo, he speaketh boldly, and they say nothing unto him. Do the rulers know indeed that this is the very Christ? 
H
184,h, her virgins are afflicted, and she is in bitterness. 
Her adversaries are the chief, her enemies prosper; for the LORD hath afflicted her for the multitude of her transgressions: he
234,, and them which were vexed with unclean spirits: and they were healed every one. 
Then the high priest rose up, and all they that were with him, (which is the sect of the Sadducees,) and were filled with indignation, 
And laid their 
226,Jesus' knees, saying, Depart from me; for I am a sinful man, O Lord. 
For he was astonished, and all that were with him, at the draught of the fishes which they had taken: 
And so was also James, and John, the sons of Zebedee,
223, on that side of the bank of the river. 
And one said to the man clothed in linen, which was upon the waters of the river, How long shall it be to the end of these wonders? 
And I heard the man clothed in linen, which was u
222,these stones? 
Then ye shall answer them, That the waters of Jordan were cut off before the ark of the covenant of the LORD; when it passed over Jordan, the waters of Jordan were cut off: and these stones shall be for a me
226,ce be on them, and mercy, and upon the Israel of God. 
From henceforth let no man trouble me: for I bear in my body the marks of the Lord Jesus. 
Brethren, the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen. 
Paul, a
204,e, and beat him before the judgment seat. And Gallio cared for none of those things. 
And Paul after this tarried there yet a good while, and then took his leave of the brethren, and sailed thence into Sy
218,erily, I say unto you, The hour is coming, and now is, when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God: and they that hear shall live. 
For as the Father hath life in himself; so hath he given to the Son to have l
208,aith of the saints. 
And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth; and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon. 
And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him, and caus
182,years of famine, which shall be in the land of Egypt; that the land perish not through the famine. 
And the thing was good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of all his servants
203,sacrifice unto the LORD thy God; and the rest we have utterly destroyed. 
Then Samuel said unto Saul, Stay, and I will tell thee what the LORD hath said to me this night. And he said unto him, Say on. 
A
197,ll be wife unto one of the family of the tribe of her father, that the children of Israel may enjoy every man the inheritance of his fathers. 
Neither shall the inheritance remove from one tribe to
178, to know that I have loved thee. 
Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world, to try t
197,cording to all his wondrous works, that he may go up from us. 
Then said Jeremiah unto them, Thus shall ye say to Zedekiah: 
Thus saith the LORD God of Israel; Behold, I will turn back the weapons 
188,. 
And after that many days were fulfilled, the Jews took counsel to kill him: 
But their laying await was known of Saul. And they watched the gates day and night to kill him. 
Then the di
199,hat Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up; and they stood before the image that Nebuchadnezzar had set up. 
Then an herald cried aloud, To you it is commanded, O people, nations, and languages, 
That at
168, an army of men that bare targets and spears, out of Judah three hundred thousand; and out of Benjamin, that bare shields and drew bows, two hundred and fourscore thous
219, little flock; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom. 
Sell that ye have, and give alms; provide yourselves bags which wax not old, a treasure in the heavens that faileth not, where no thief appr
237,hisha, scribes; Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud, the recorder. 
And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the host: and Zadok and Abiathar were the priests: 
And Azariah the son of Nathan was over the officers: and Zabud the son of Nathan w
233,eth his son, so the LORD thy God chasteneth thee. 
Therefore thou shalt keep the commandments of the LORD thy God, to walk in his ways, and to fear him. 
For the LORD thy God bringeth thee into a good land, a land of brooks of water,
214,er me: speak, for I desire to justify thee. 
If not, hearken unto me: hold thy peace, and I shall teach thee wisdom. 
Furthermore Elihu answered and said, 
Hear my words, O ye wise men; and give ear unto me, ye tha
160,ghteous be able to live for his righteousness in the day that he sinneth. 
When I shall say to the righteous, that he shall surely live; if he trust to his own 
162,bought for. 
And if there remain but few years unto the year of jubile, then he shall count with him, and according unto his years shall he give him again the pri
233,came nigh: and he gave them in commandment all that the LORD had spoken with him in mount Sinai. 
And till Moses had done speaking with them, he put a vail on his face. 
But when Moses went in before the LORD to speak with him, he to
228, belongest thou? and whence art thou? And he said, I am a young man of Egypt, servant to an Amalekite; and my master left me, because three days agone I fell sick. 
We made an invasion upon the south of the Cherethites, and upon
160,hets, rising early and sending them, saying, Oh, do not this abominable thing that I hate. 
But they hearkened not, nor inclined their ear to turn from their wi
240,ay obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need. 
For every high priest taken from among men is ordained for men in things pertaining to God, that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices for sins: 
Who can have compassion on the igno
231,r ever. 
Only acknowledge thine iniquity, that thou hast transgressed against the LORD thy God, and hast scattered thy ways to the strangers under every green tree, and ye have not obeyed my voice, saith the LORD. 
Turn, O backslid
227, saith unto him, I will; be thou clean. 
And as soon as he had spoken, immediately the leprosy departed from him, and he was cleansed. 
And he straitly charged him, and forthwith sent him away; 
And saith unto him, See thou say
240,le: a span was the length thereof, and a span the breadth thereof, being doubled. 
And they set in it four rows of stones: the first row was a sardius, a topaz, and a carbuncle: this was the first row. 
And the second row, an emerald, a sap
237,ave me, O my God: for thou hast smitten all mine enemies upon the cheek bone; thou hast broken the teeth of the ungodly. 
Salvation belongeth unto the LORD: thy blessing is upon thy people. Selah. 
Hear me when I call, O God of my righte
178,ing gold, and silver, ivory, and apes, and peacocks. 
And king Solomon passed all the kings of the earth in riches and wisdom. 
And all the kings of the earth sought the presence
165, her not: then all her vows shall stand, and every bond wherewith she bound her soul shall stand. 
But if her husband hath utterly made them void on the day he heard
189,nt, which knew his lord's will, and prepared not himself, neither did according to his will, shall be beaten with many stripes. 
But he that knew not, and did commit things worthy of stripe
213,nth deal for one lamb, throughout the seven lambs: 
One kid of the goats for a sin offering; beside the sin offering of atonement, and the continual burnt offering, and the meat offering of it, and their drink off
235,ndment of God by your tradition? 
For God commanded, saying, Honour thy father and mother: and, He that curseth father or mother, let him die the death. 
But ye say, Whosoever shall say to his father or his mother, It is a gift, by wha
208,y one of thy righteous judgments endureth for ever. 
Princes have persecuted me without a cause: but my heart standeth in awe of thy word. 
I rejoice at thy word, as one that findeth great spoil. 
I hate and 
235,of the house of God. 
And they lodged round about the house of God, because the charge was upon them, and the opening thereof every morning pertained to them. 
And certain of them had the charge of the ministering vessels, that they sh
164,e sure, sealing the stone, and setting a watch. 
In the end of the sabbath, as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week, came Mary Magdalene and the other 
195,els, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering: 
One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense: 
One young bullock, one ram, one l
193, a sweet smell, a sacrifice acceptable, wellpleasing to God. 
But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus. 
Now unto God and our Father be glory for e
199,he other Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four. 
The children of Harim, three hundred and twenty. 
The children of Lod, Hadid, and Ono, seven hundred twenty and five. 
The children of Jericho, 
184,f Hebron; Jeriah the first, Amariah the second, Jahaziel the third, and Jekameam the fourth. 
Of the sons of Uzziel; Micah the first and Jesiah the second. 
The sons of Merari; Mahli, 
160,ommanded the children of Benjamin, saying, Go and lie in wait in the vineyards; 
And see, and, behold, if the daughters of Shiloh come out to dance in dances, t
232,nto Cain, Why art thou wroth? and why is thy countenance fallen? 
If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? and if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door. And unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him. 
A
232,ame is a great city. 
And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim, 
And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (out of whom came Philistim,) and Caphtorim. 
And Canaan begat Sidon his first born, and Heth, 
And the Jebusite, a
213,luteth you. Erastus the chamberlain of the city saluteth you, and Quartus a brother. 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. 
Now to him that is of power to stablish you according to my gospel, 
183,nd and four hundred shekels. 
And therewith he made the sockets to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the brasen altar, and the brasen grate for it, and all the vesse
182,on, when he striketh a man. 
And in those days shall men seek death, and shall not find it; and shall desire to die, and death shall flee from them. 
And the shapes of the locusts we
220,Jeroboam which he sinned, and which he made Israel sin, by his provocation wherewith he provoked the LORD God of Israel to anger. 
Now the rest of the acts of Nadab, and all that he did, are they not written in the book 
185, and they feared the king: for they saw that the wisdom of God was in him, to do judgment. 
So king Solomon was king over all Israel. 
And these were the princes which he had; Azariah t
197,geth forth trees: 
I got me servants and maidens, and had servants born in my house; also I had great possessions of great and small cattle above all that were in Jerusalem before me: 
I gathered m
176,: 
God having provided some better thing for us, that they without us should not be made perfect. 
Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witness
218, of Ephraim among the Ephraimites, and among the Manassites. 
And the Gileadites took the passages of Jordan before the Ephraimites: and it was so, that when those Ephraimites which were escaped said, Let me go over; t
210,ent from him. 
Then the king arose very early in the morning, and went in haste unto the den of lions. 
And when he came to the den, he cried with a lamentable voice unto Daniel: and the king spake and said to 
205,move you far from your land; and that I should drive you out, and ye should perish. 
But the nations that bring their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon, and serve him, those will I let remain stil
240,rd time I am coming to you. In the mouth of two or three witnesses shall every word be established. 
I told you before, and foretell you, as if I were present, the second time; and being absent now I write to them which heretofore have sinn
226,arts sprinkled from an evil conscience, and our bodies washed with pure water. 
Let us hold fast the profession of our faith without wavering; (for he is faithful that promised;) 
And let us consider one another to provoke unt
208,wered, saying unto them all, I indeed baptize you with water; but one mightier than I cometh, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire: 
Wh
225,ants and for handmaids. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD; Ye have not hearkened unto me, in proclaiming liberty, every one to his brother, and every man to his neighbour: behold, I proclaim a liberty for you, saith the LORD, to
160, the people, I, even I only, remain a prophet of the LORD; but Baal's prophets are four hundred and fifty men. 
Let them therefore give us two bullocks; and let
218,y from me this death only. 
And he went out from Pharaoh, and intreated the LORD. 
And the LORD turned a mighty strong west wind, which took away the locusts, and cast them into the Red sea; there remained not one locu
161,Levites, from twenty years old and upward, to set forward the work of the house of the LORD. 
Then stood Jeshua with his sons and his brethren, Kadmiel and his s
207,il, many days. 
Now when they shall fall, they shall be holpen with a little help: but many shall cleave to them with flatteries. 
And some of them of understanding shall fall, to try them, and to purge, and
179,dy to perish came upon me: and I caused the widow's heart to sing for joy. 
I put on righteousness, and it clothed me: my judgment was as a robe and a diadem. 
I was eyes to the b
195,ehoboam reigned over them. 
Then king Rehoboam sent Adoram, who was over the tribute; and all Israel stoned him with stones, that he died. Therefore king Rehoboam made speed to get him up to his 
191,s Damascus? 
As my hand hath found the kingdoms of the idols, and whose graven images did excel them of Jerusalem and of Samaria; 
Shall I not, as I have done unto Samaria and her idols, so d
229,ht in the sight of the LORD. 
Howbeit the high places were not taken away: for as yet the people had not prepared their hearts unto the God of their fathers. 
Now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat, first and last, behold, they 
215,y presented unto him gifts; gold, and frankincense and myrrh. 
And being warned of God in a dream that they should not return to Herod, they departed into their own country another way. 
And when they were departed,
180,And thou shalt set upon the table shewbread before me alway. 
And thou shalt make a candlestick of pure gold: of beaten work shall the candlestick be made: his shaft, and his branc
170,owservant fell down at his feet, and besought him, saying, Have patience with me, and I will pay thee all. 
And he would not: but went and cast him into prison, till he s
219, every man that striveth for the mastery is temperate in all things. Now they do it to obtain a corruptible crown; but we an incorruptible. 
I therefore so run, not as uncertainly; so fight I, not as one that beateth th
228,me reproach and contempt; for I have kept thy testimonies. 
Princes also did sit and speak against me: but thy servant did meditate in thy statutes. 
Thy testimonies also are my delight and my counsellors.leth. 
My soul cleaveth
224,my brethren? 
And he looked round about on them which sat about him, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren! 
For whosoever shall do the will of God, the same is my brother, and my sister, and mother. 
And he began again
206,y testimonies are very sure: holiness becometh thine house, O LORD, for ever. 
O Lord God, to whom vengeance belongeth; O God, to whom vengeance belongeth, shew thyself. 
Lift up thyself, thou judge of the 
201,ord's freeman: likewise also he that is called, being free, is Christ's servant. 
Ye are bought with a price; be not ye the servants of men. 
Brethren, let every man, wherein he is called, therein abid
216, 
Because I delivered the poor that cried, and the fatherless, and him that had none to help him. 
The blessing of him that was ready to perish came upon me: and I caused the widow's heart to sing for joy. 
I put on 
211,ple as they eat bread: they have not called upon God. 
There were they in great fear, where no fear was: for God hath scattered the bones of him that encampeth against thee: thou hast put them to shame, because 
210,g into a ship of Adramyttium, we launched, meaning to sail by the coasts of Asia; one Aristarchus, a Macedonian of Thessalonica, being with us. 
And the next day we touched at Sidon. And Julius courteously entr
192,ins of Jacob were seventy souls: for Joseph was in Egypt already. 
And Joseph died, and all his brethren, and all that generation. 
And the children of Israel were fruitful, and increased abun
219,the child; and ye would not hear? therefore, behold, also his blood is required. 
And they knew not that Joseph understood them; for he spake unto them by an interpreter. 
And he turned himself about from them, and wept
209,o Absalom, Nay; but whom the LORD, and this people, and all the men of Israel, choose, his will I be, and with him will I abide. 
And again, whom should I serve? should I not serve in the presence of his son? 
235,that ye provoke me unto wrath with the works of your hands, burning incense unto other gods in the land of Egypt, whither ye be gone to dwell, that ye might cut yourselves off, and that ye might be a curse and a reproach among all the 
169,man doeth nothing worthy of death or of bonds. 
Then said Agrippa unto Festus, This man might have been set at liberty, if he had not appealed unto Caesar. 
And when it 
180,prinkled of the blood thereof upon any garment, thou shalt wash that whereon it was sprinkled in the holy place. 
But the earthen vessel wherein it is sodden shall be broken: and i
185,drink water by measure, and with astonishment: 
That they may want bread and water, and be astonied one with another, and consume away for their iniquity. 
And thou, son of man, take th
173,nto the LORD, for he hath triumphed gloriously: the horse and his rider hath he thrown into the sea. 
The LORD is my strength and song, and he is become my salvation: he is 
232, one like unto the Son of man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with a golden girdle. 
His head and his hairs were white like wool, as white as snow; and his eyes were as a flame of fire; 
And his fee
160,of God should be made manifest in him. 
I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day: the night cometh, when no man can work. 
As long as I am in 
227,now, O Lord GOD, thou art that God, and thy words be true, and thou hast promised this goodness unto thy servant: 
Therefore now let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant, that it may continue for ever before thee: f
231,ine, wholly a right seed: how then art thou turned into the degenerate plant of a strange vine unto me? 
For though thou wash thee with nitre, and take thee much soap, yet thine iniquity is marked before me, saith the Lord GOD. 
Ho
204,rings of Christ, and the glory that should follow. 
Unto whom it was revealed, that not unto themselves, but unto us they did minister the things, which are now reported unto you by them that have preache
221,ut to flight all them of the valleys, both toward the east, and toward the west. 
And there came of the children of Benjamin and Judah to the hold unto David. 
And David went out to meet them, and answered and said unto t
214,or thou hast found grace in my sight, and I know thee by name. 
And he said, I beseech thee, shew me thy glory. 
And he said, I will make all my goodness pass before thee, and I will proclaim the name of the LORD b
208,. 
And the shepherds came and drove them away: but Moses stood up and helped them, and watered their flock. 
And when they came to Reuel their father, he said, How is it that ye are come so soon to day? 
And 
210, their hand was an army, three hundred thousand and seven thousand and five hundred, that made war with mighty power, to help the king against the enemy. 
And Uzziah prepared for them throughout all the host sh
168,unto my lord the king, that they may make a league with thee, and that thou mayest reign over all that thine heart desireth. And David sent Abner away; and he went in p
229, still the enemy and the avenger. 
When I consider thy heavens, the work of thy fingers, the moon and the stars, which thou hast ordained; 
What is man, that thou art mindful of him? and the son of man, that thou visitest him? 
F
168,arnea.) 
And it came to pass in the fortieth year, in the eleventh month, on the first day of the month, that Moses spake unto the children of Israel, according unto al
212,iests; and hearken, ye house of Israel; and give ye ear, O house of the king; for judgment is toward you, because ye have been a snare on Mizpah, and a net spread upon Tabor. 
And the revolters are profound to ma
202,ve the oversight of them that keep the charge of the sanctuary. 
Of Merari was the family of the Mahlites, and the family of the Mushites: these are the families of Merari. 
And those that were numbered
169,em;) 
And they will tell it to the inhabitants of this land: for they have heard that thou LORD art among this people, that thou LORD art seen face to face, and that thy
192,, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Mattithiah, and Eliab, and Benaiah, and Obededom: and Jeiel with psalteries and with harps; but Asaph made a sound with cymbals; 
Benaiah also and Jahaziel t
166, thy voice, and thy countenance is comely. 
Take us the foxes, the little foxes, that spoil the vines: for our vines have tender grapes. 
My beloved is mine, and I am
167,aul was king over us, thou wast he that leddest out and broughtest in Israel: and the LORD said to thee, Thou shalt feed my people Israel, and thou shalt be a captain 
174,demption of the transgressions that were under the first testament, they which are called might receive the promise of eternal inheritance. 
For where a testament is, there m
195,will follow thee; but let me first go bid them farewell, which are at home at my house. 
And Jesus said unto him, No man, having put his hand to the plough, and looking back, is fit for the kingd
235,sh: for the life of all flesh is the blood thereof: whosoever eateth it shall be cut off. 
And every soul that eateth that which died of itself, or that which was torn with beasts, whether it be one of your own country, or a stranger, 
168,ude heard this, they were astonished at his doctrine. 
But when the Pharisees had heard that he had put the Sadducees to silence, they were gathered together. 
Then one
172,, and say unto him, Friend, lend me three loaves; 
For a friend of mine in his journey is come to me, and I have nothing to set before him? 
And he from within shall answer
230,esh, but ye shall have their carcases in abomination. 
Whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters, that shall be an abomination unto you. 
And these are they which ye shall have in abomination among the fowls; they shall not
211, fruit thereof shall be for meat, and the leaf thereof for medicine. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; This shall be the border, whereby ye shall inherit the land according to the twelve tribes of Israel: Joseph shall h
176,, and your peace offerings; and I will accept you, saith the Lord GOD. 
Then he brought me back the way of the gate of the outward sanctuary which looketh toward the east; and 
160,and a Lord of kings, and a revealer of secrets, seeing thou couldest reveal this secret. 
Then the king made Daniel a great man, and gave him many great gifts, 
228,sent us with you. 
For all things are for your sakes, that the abundant grace might through the thanksgiving of many redound to the glory of God. 
For which cause we faint not; but though our outward man perish, yet the inward m
163,he that uttereth a slander, is a fool. 
In the multitude of words there wanteth not sin: but he that refraineth his lips is wise. 
The tongue of the just is as cho
160, do this: 
For he loveth our nation, and he hath built us a synagogue. 
Then Jesus went with them. And when he was now not far from the house, the centurion sen
179,took Jeremiah another roll, and gave it to Baruch the scribe, the son of Neriah; who wrote therein from the mouth of Jeremiah all the words of the book which Jehoiakim king of Jud
189,hy wine: 
And thou shalt rejoice in thy feast, thou, and thy son, and thy daughter, and thy manservant, and thy maidservant, and the Levite, the stranger, and the fatherless, and the widow,
225,e blade, then the ear, after that the full corn in the ear. 
But when the fruit is brought forth, immediately he putteth in the sickle, because the harvest is come. 
And he said, Whereunto shall we liken the kingdom of God? o
193,he loaves: for their heart was hardened. 
And when they had passed over, they came into the land of Gennesaret, and drew to the shore. 
And when they were come out of the ship, straightway they
225,hat wisdom giveth life to them that have it. 
Consider the work of God: for who can make that straight, which he hath made crooked? 
In the day of prosperity be joyful, but in the day of adversity consider: God also hath set 
232, of my mouth. 
I will open my mouth in a parable: I will utter dark sayings of old: 
Which we have heard and known, and our fathers have told us. 
We will not hide them from their children, shewing to the generation to come the prai
210,od for ever. 
And it came to pass, when all the kings of the Amorites, which were on the side of Jordan westward, and all the kings of the Canaanites, which were by the sea, heard that the LORD had dried up the
203,What hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's blood crieth unto me from the ground. 
And now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand; 
W
184,arel. 
Yea, ye yourselves know, that these hands have ministered unto my necessities, and to them that were with me. 
I have shewed you all things, how that so labouring ye ought to su
219,l his princes and his servants, even Esther's feast; and he made a release to the provinces, and gave gifts, according to the state of the king. 
And when the virgins were gathered together the second time, then Mordeca
206, shall declare his generation? for his life is taken from the earth. 
And the eunuch answered Philip, and said, I pray thee, of whom speaketh the prophet this? of himself, or of some other man? 
Then Philip
225, stretched out still. 
And he will lift up an ensign to the nations from far, and will hiss unto them from the end of the earth: and, behold, they shall come with speed swiftly: 
None shall be weary nor stumble among them; no
211, remnant of you, that are escaped out of the hand of the kings of Assyria. 
And be not ye like your fathers, and like your brethren, which trespassed against the LORD God of their fathers, who therefore gave the
226,the dukes that came of Aholibamah the daughter of Anah, Esau's wife. 
These are the sons of Esau, who is Edom, and these are their dukes. 
These are the sons of Seir the Horite, who inhabited the land; Lotan, and Shobal, and Z
192, morning even to the time appointed: and there died of the people from Dan even to Beersheba seventy thousand men. 
And when the angel stretched out his hand upon Jerusalem to destroy it, the 
163, in the light, and there is none occasion of stumbling in him. 
But he that hateth his brother is in darkness, and walketh in darkness, and knoweth not whither he 
210,, of those which kept the door, were wroth, and sought to lay hands on the king Ahasuerus. 
And the thing was known to Mordecai, who told it unto Esther the queen; and Esther certified the king thereof in Morde
187,ks of darkness, and let us put on the armour of light. 
Let us walk honestly, as in the day; not in rioting and drunkenness, not in chambering and wantonness, not in strife and envying. 

180,ose in those days, and went into the hill country with haste, into a city of Juda; 
And entered into the house of Zacharias, and saluted Elisabeth. 
And it came to pass, that, when
224,o the damsel: and she brought it to her mother. 
And his disciples came, and took up the body, and buried it, and went and told Jesus. 
When Jesus heard of it, he departed thence by ship into a desert place apart: and when t
174,ent softly. 
And the word of the LORD came to Elijah the Tishbite, saying, 
Seest thou how Ahab humbleth himself before me? because he humbleth himself before me, I will not 
224, was spoken by the prophet, saying, 
Tell ye the daughter of Sion, Behold, thy King cometh unto thee, meek, and sitting upon an ass, and a colt the foal of an ass. 
And the disciples went, and did as Jesus commanded them, 
A
166, sorrowed after a godly sort, what carefulness it wrought in you, yea, what clearing of yourselves, yea, what indignation, yea, what fear, yea, what vehement desire, 
221,e as the sword of a mighty man. 
And the LORD shall be seen over them, and his arrow shall go forth as the lightning: and the LORD God shall blow the trumpet, and shall go with whirlwinds of the south. 
The LORD of hosts 
234,ich Jonathan had shot, Jonathan cried after the lad, and said, Is not the arrow beyond thee? 
And Jonathan cried after the lad, Make speed, haste, stay not. And Jonathan's lad gathered up the arrows, and came to his master. 
But the l
216,istribute for inheritance in the plains of Moab, on the other side Jordan, by Jericho, eastward. 
But unto the tribe of Levi Moses gave not any inheritance: the LORD God of Israel was their inheritance, as he said un
161,er the place of the ark, and the cherubims covered the ark and the staves thereof above. 
And they drew out the staves, that the ends of the staves were seen out
198,mount of the LORD three days' journey: and the ark of the covenant of the LORD went before them in the three days' journey, to search out a resting place for them. 
And the cloud of the LORD was upo
203,is land; for I will not leave thee, until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of. 
And Jacob awaked out of his sleep, and he said, Surely the LORD is in this place; and I knew it not. 
And he wa
203,s light, the men were sent away, they and their asses. 
And when they were gone out of the city, and not yet far off, Joseph said unto his steward, Up, follow after the men; and when thou dost overtake t
185,This people honoureth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me. 
Howbeit in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men. 
For laying aside the comm
237,evenge, and have taken vengeance with a despiteful heart, to destroy it for the old hatred; 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will stretch out mine hand upon the Philistines, and I will cut off the Cherethims, and destroy the
173, burnt offerings and offering for sin thou wouldest not, neither hadst pleasure therein; which are offered by the law; 
Then said he, Lo, I come to do thy will, O God. He ta
204,son. And there were liers in wait abiding in the chamber. And he brake them from off his arms like a thread. 
And Delilah said unto Samson, Hitherto thou hast mocked me, and told me lies: tell me wherewit
178,g back? 
And king David sent to Zadok and to Abiathar the priests, saying, Speak unto the elders of Judah, saying, Why are ye the last to bring the king back to his house? seeing
198,t good; and he that hasteth with his feet sinneth. 
The foolishness of man perverteth his way: and his heart fretteth against the LORD. 
Wealth maketh many friends; but the poor is separated from hi
177,ord GOD; Yet in this your fathers have blasphemed me, in that they have committed a trespass against me. 
For when I had brought them into the land, for the which I lifted up mi
191,e greater house he cieled with fir tree, which he overlaid with fine gold, and set thereon palm trees and chains. 
And he garnished the house with precious stones for beauty: and the gold was
239,and teaching the people. 
Then went the captain with the officers, and brought them without violence: for they feared the people, lest they should have been stoned. 
And when they had brought them, they set them before the council: and the
165, gave an inheritance to Joshua the son of Nun among them: 
According to the word of the LORD they gave him the city which he asked, even Timnathserah in mount Ephrai
178,rubims and palm trees and open flowers, and overlaid them with gold, and spread gold upon the cherubims, and upon the palm trees. 
So also made he for the door of the temple post
207,es, I will do this thing also that thou hast spoken: for thou hast found grace in my sight, and I know thee by name. 
And he said, I beseech thee, shew me thy glory. 
And he said, I will make all my goodness
197,ieveth not God hath made him a liar; because he believeth not the record that God gave of his Son. 
And this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son. 
He 
232,he son of Amoz, which he saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem in the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah. 
Hear, O heavens, and give ear, O earth: for the LORD hath spoken, I have nourished and brought up childr
204,nheritance of his fathers. 
Neither shall the inheritance remove from one tribe to another tribe; but every one of the tribes of the children of Israel shall keep himself to his own inheritance. 
Even as 
170,oever passeth under the rod, the tenth shall be holy unto the LORD. 
He shall not search whether it be good or bad, neither shall he change it: and if he change it at all
175,tes and all Judah did according to all things that Jehoiada the priest had commanded, and took every man his men that were to come in on the sabbath, with them that were to go
174, 
No man hath seen God at any time. If we love one another, God dwelleth in us, and his love is perfected in us. 
Hereby know we that we dwell in him, and he in us, because h
206,. 
He saith unto them, How then doth David in spirit call him Lord, saying, 
The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, till I make thine enemies thy footstool? 
If David then call him Lord, how
173, breaketh the bone. 
Hast thou found honey? eat so much as is sufficient for thee, lest thou be filled therewith, and vomit it. 
Withdraw thy foot from thy neighbour's house
180, and grisled: for I have seen all that Laban doeth unto thee. 
I am the God of Bethel, where thou anointedst the pillar, and where thou vowedst a vow unto me: now arise, get thee o
208,ch, ye have reigned as kings without us: and I would to God ye did reign, that we also might reign with you. 
For I think that God hath set forth us the apostles last, as it were appointed to death: for we ar
183, to find out acceptable words: and that which was written was upright, even words of truth. 
The words of the wise are as goads, and as nails fastened by the masters of assemblies, wh
172,e burnt offering, and according to the meat offering, and according to the oil. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; The gate of the inner court that looketh toward the east shall be 
202,, 
That he would grant unto us, that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies might serve him without fear, 
In holiness and righteousness before him, all the days of our life. 
And thou, child
189,ed themselves through with many sorrows. 
But thou, O man of God, flee these things; and follow after righteousness, godliness, faith, love, patience, meekness. 
Fight the good fight of fai
191,d of Edom, saying, 
Aaron shall be gathered unto his people: for he shall not enter into the land which I have given unto the children of Israel, because ye rebelled against my word at the wa
175,t fight against mount Zion. 
Stay yourselves, and wonder; cry ye out, and cry: they are drunken, but not with wine; they stagger, but not with strong drink. 
For the LORD hath
176,k the LORD their God. 
They shall ask the way to Zion with their faces thitherward, saying, Come, and let us join ourselves to the LORD in a perpetual covenant that shall not b
163, himself unto Joab, and ran. 
Then said Ahimaaz the son of Zadok yet again to Joab, But howsoever, let me, I pray thee, also run after Cushi. And Joab said, Wheref
233,ad in the skin, the priest shall not seek for yellow hair; he is unclean. 
But if the scall be in his sight at a stay, and that there is black hair grown up therein; the scall is healed, he is clean: and the priest shall pronounce hi
240,as he hath no part nor inheritance with you. 
Take heed to thyself that thou offer not thy burnt offerings in every place that thou seest: 
But in the place which the LORD shall choose in one of thy tribes, there thou shalt offer thy burnt 
229,; Let not your prophets and your diviners, that be in the midst of you, deceive you, neither hearken to your dreams which ye cause to be dreamed. 
For they prophesy falsely unto you in my name: I have not sent them, saith the LOR
228, gate with the six hundred men that were appointed with weapons of war. 
And these went into Micah's house, and fetched the carved image, the ephod, and the teraphim, and the molten image. Then said the priest unto them, What do
166,lathah, and pitched in mount Shapher. 
And they removed from mount Shapher, and encamped in Haradah. 
And they removed from Haradah, and pitched in Makheloth. 
And th
210,nd shall take thy fair jewels, and leave thee naked and bare. 
They shall also bring up a company against thee, and they shall stone thee with stones, and thrust thee through with their swords. 
And they shall 
228,rison. 
And I charged Baruch before them, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Take these evidences, this evidence of the purchase, both which is sealed, and this evidence which is open; and put them in an e
174,nd abuse me. But his armourbearer would not; for he was sore afraid. Therefore Saul took a sword, and fell upon it. 
And when his armourbearer saw that Saul was dead, he fell
193,to me. 
If he be able to fight with me, and to kill me, then will we be your servants: but if I prevail against him, and kill him, then shall ye be our servants, and serve us. 
And the Philisti
208,ultiplied. 
Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you, and exhort you that ye should earnestly contend for the faith which was once 
172,to temper with the fine flour; a meat offering continually by a perpetual ordinance unto the LORD. 
Thus shall they prepare the lamb, and the meat offering, and the oil, ev
166,e of man. 
Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God made he man. 
And you, be ye fruitful, and multiply; bring forth abunda
168,t be found for them. 
And he shall pass through the sea with affliction, and shall smite the waves in the sea, and all the deeps of the river shall dry up: and the prid
190,to him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him: 
And lo a voice from heaven, saying, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased. 
Then was Jesus le
203,rer in blue, and in purple, and in scarlet, and fine linen. 
All the gold that was occupied for the work in all the work of the holy place, even the gold of the offering, was twenty and nine talents, and
195, surely your blood of your lives will I require; at the hand of every beast will I require it, and at the hand of man; at the hand of every man's brother will I require the life of man. 
Whoso sh
175,he LORD with gladness: come before his presence with singing. 
Know ye that the LORD he is God: it is he that hath made us, and not we ourselves; we are his people, and the sh
219,hold, I am vile; what shall I answer thee? I will lay mine hand upon my mouth. 
Once have I spoken; but I will not answer: yea, twice; but I will proceed no further. 
Then answered the LORD unto Job out of the whirlwind
223,r it, nor change it, a good for a bad, or a bad for a good: and if he shall at all change beast for beast, then it and the exchange thereof shall be holy. 
And if it be any unclean beast, of which they do not offer a sacrif
213,d, square in the four squares thereof. 
And the settle shall be fourteen cubits long and fourteen broad in the four squares thereof; and the border about it shall be half a cubit; and the bottom thereof shall be a
223,ll the people greatly feared the LORD and Samuel. 
And all the people said unto Samuel, Pray for thy servants unto the LORD thy God, that we die not: for we have added unto all our sins this evil, to ask us a king. 
And Sam
206,lves for bread; and they that were hungry ceased: so that the barren hath born seven; and she that hath many children is waxed feeble. 
The LORD killeth, and maketh alive: he bringeth down to the grave, and
217,Benjamin, and Ehud, and Chenaanah, and Zethan, and Tharshish, and Ahishahar. 
All these the sons of Jediael, by the heads of their fathers, mighty men of valour, were seventeen thousand and two hundred soldiers, fit t
173,hath cast in more than they all: 
For all these have of their abundance cast in unto the offerings of God: but she of her penury hath cast in all the living that she had. 
A
214, away. 
Now the Lord is that Spirit: and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. 
But we all, with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord, are changed into the same image from glory to g
195,ct unto the covenant: for the dark places of the earth are full of the habitations of cruelty. 
O let not the oppressed return ashamed: let the poor and needy praise thy name. 
Arise, O God, plea
169,here is power: and who may say unto him, What doest thou? 
Whoso keepeth the commandment shall feel no evil thing: and a wise man's heart discerneth both time and judgme
188, with money. 
Thou hast neither part nor lot in this matter: for thy heart is not right in the sight of God. 
Repent therefore of this thy wickedness, and pray God, if perhaps the thought 
173,itation. 
Hearken unto the voice of my cry, my King, and my God: for unto thee will I pray. 
My voice shalt thou hear in the morning, O LORD; in the morning will I direct my
233,trength in the way; he shortened my days. 
I said, O my God, take me not away in the midst of my days: thy years are throughout all generations. 
Of old hast thou laid the foundation of the earth: and the heavens are the work of thy 
204,the congregation, that remaineth among them in the midst of their uncleanness. 
And there shall be no man in the tabernacle of the congregation when he goeth in to make an atonement in the holy place, unt
187,spise wisdom and instruction. 
My son, hear the instruction of thy father, and forsake not the law of thy mother: 
For they shall be an ornament of grace unto thy head, and chains about t
172,imself knew what he would do. 
Philip answered him, Two hundred pennyworth of bread is not sufficient for them, that every one of them may take a little. 
One of his discip
238, heart retain my words: keep my commandments, and live. 
Get wisdom, get understanding: forget it not; neither decline from the words of my mouth. 
Forsake her not, and she shall preserve thee: love her, and she shall keep thee. 
Wisdom i
228,r shout for joy, because thou defendest them: let them also that love thy name be joyful in thee. 
For thou, LORD, wilt bless the righteous; with favour wilt thou compass him as with a shield. 
O LORD, rebuke me not in thine ang
239,haraoh told them his dream; but there was none that could interpret them unto Pharaoh. 
Then spake the chief butler unto Pharaoh, saying, I do remember my faults this day: 
Pharaoh was wroth with his servants, and put me in ward in the cap
168, than, after they have known it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them. 
But it is happened unto them according to the true proverb, The dog is turned t
212,ay captives. 
The Philistines also had invaded the cities of the low country, and of the south of Judah, and had taken Bethshemesh, and Ajalon, and Gederoth, and Shocho with the villages thereof, and Timnah with 
231, thy bow. 
And I have given you a land for which ye did not labour, and cities which ye built not, and ye dwell in them; of the vineyards and oliveyards which ye planted not do ye eat. 
Now therefore fear the LORD, and serve him in
185,ORD; For three transgressions of Gaza, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they carried away captive the whole captivity, to deliver them up to Edom: 
But
238,despise the cause of my manservant or of my maidservant, when they contended with me; 
What then shall I do when God riseth up? and when he visiteth, what shall I answer him? 
Did not he that made me in the womb make him? and did not one 
190,of thy mother, or thy son, or thy daughter, or the wife of thy bosom, or thy friend, which is as thine own soul, entice thee secretly, saying, Let us go and serve other gods, which thou hast
213,nst his family, and will cut him off, and all that go a whoring after him, to commit whoredom with Molech, from among their people. 
And the soul that turneth after such as have familiar spirits, and after wizards
215,ty sockets of silver he made under the twenty boards; two sockets under one board for his two tenons, and two sockets under another board for his two tenons. 
And for the other side of the tabernacle, which is towar
229,to you. 
And the hare, because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the hoof; he is unclean unto you. 
And the swine, though he divide the hoof, and be clovenfooted, yet he cheweth not the cud; he is unclean to you. 
Of their fle
219,me also, and said unto me, Let thine heart retain my words: keep my commandments, and live. 
Get wisdom, get understanding: forget it not; neither decline from the words of my mouth. 
Forsake her not, and she shall pres
185, the world would love his own: but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you. 
Remember the word that I said unto you, The 
218,done this thing. 
And now, behold, we are in thine hand: as it seemeth good and right unto thee to do unto us, do. 
And so did he unto them, and delivered them out of the hand of the children of Israel, that they slew 
203,and so endure but for a time: afterward, when affliction or persecution ariseth for the word's sake, immediately they are offended. 
And these are they which are sown among thorns; such as hear the word,
207,not go up in the midst of thee; for thou art a stiffnecked people: lest I consume thee in the way. 
And when the people heard these evil tidings, they mourned: and no man did put on him his ornaments. 
For t
216, and without an ephod, and without teraphim: 
Afterward shall the children of Israel return, and seek the LORD their God, and David their king; and shall fear the LORD and his goodness in the latter days. 
Hear the w
191,own grief, and shall spread forth his hands in this house: 
Then hear thou from heaven thy dwelling place, and forgive, and render unto every man according unto all his ways, whose heart thou
216,e not afraid, only believe. 
And he suffered no man to follow him, save Peter, and James, and John the brother of James. 
And he cometh to the house of the ruler of the synagogue, and seeth the tumult, and them that 
160,ly, and his tongue loosed, and he spake, and praised God. 
And fear came on all that dwelt round about them: and all these sayings were noised abroad throughout
179,m: and they brought him forth, and set him without the city. 
And it came to pass, when they had brought them forth abroad, that he said, Escape for thy life; look not behind thee
170,e LORD; we have waited for him, we will be glad and rejoice in his salvation. 
For in this mountain shall the hand of the LORD rest, and Moab shall be trodden down under 
182, slay him. 
But if he thrust him of hatred, or hurl at him by laying of wait, that he die; 
Or in enmity smite him with his hand, that he die: he that smote him shall surely be put t
230,f himself: but being high priest that year, he prophesied that Jesus should die for that nation; 
And not for that nation only, but that also he should gather together in one the children of God that were scattered abroad. 
Then f
211,p unto them upon the roof; 
And she said unto the men, I know that the LORD hath given you the land, and that your terror is fallen upon us, and that all the inhabitants of the land faint because of you. 
For we
172, and he rent him as he would have rent a kid, and he had nothing in his hand: but he told not his father or his mother what he had done. 
And he went down, and talked with 
202,em which are puffed up, but the power. 
For the kingdom of God is not in word, but in power. 
What will ye? shall I come unto you with a rod, or in love, and in the spirit of meekness? 
It is reported c
198,y thee, upon me, and slay me: for anguish is come upon me, because my life is yet whole in me. 
So I stood upon him, and slew him, because I was sure that he could not live after that he was fallen:
188,at turneth wise men backward, and maketh their knowledge foolish; 
That confirmeth the word of his servant, and performeth the counsel of his messengers; that saith to Jerusalem, Thou shal
199,their desolate places. 
Let the extortioner catch all that he hath; and let the strangers spoil his labour. 
Let there be none to extend mercy unto him: neither let there be any to favour his fatherl
165,it was so. 
And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also. 
And God set them in th
212, your land a desolation, and an astonishment, and a curse, without an inhabitant, as at this day. 
Because ye have burned incense, and because ye have sinned against the LORD, and have not obeyed the voice of the
177,her than butter, but war was in his heart: his words were softer than oil, yet were they drawn swords. 
Cast thy burden upon the LORD, and he shall sustain thee: he shall never 
221, heaven upon them unto Azekah, and they died: they were more which died with hailstones than they whom the children of Israel slew with the sword. 
Then spake Joshua to the LORD in the day when the LORD delivered up the A
197,ising up a great while before day, he went out, and departed into a solitary place, and there prayed. 
And Simon and they that were with him followed after him. 
And when they had found him, they s
199,l put my spirit in you, and ye shall live, and I shall place you in your own land: then shall ye know that I the LORD have spoken it, and performed it, saith the LORD. 
The word of the LORD came agai
183, having provided some better thing for us, that they without us should not be made perfect. 
Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us la
200,ngers instead of her husband! 
They give gifts to all whores: but thou givest thy gifts to all thy lovers, and hirest them, that they may come unto thee on every side for thy whoredom. 
And the contra
201, by reviled him, wagging their heads, 
And saying, Thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days, save thyself. If thou be the Son of God, come down from the cross. 
Likewise also the 
215,miracle in my name, that can lightly speak evil of me. 
For he that is not against us is on our part. 
For whosoever shall give you a cup of water to drink in my name, because ye belong to Christ, verily I say unto 
169,o away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you. 
And when he is come, he will reprove the world of sin, an
161,ith thy vineyard, and with thy oliveyard. 
Six days thou shalt do thy work, and on the seventh day thou shalt rest: that thine ox and thine ass may rest, and the
169,ps have spoken lies, your tongue hath muttered perverseness. 
None calleth for justice, nor any pleadeth for truth: they trust in vanity, and speak lies; they conceive m
230,hus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order: for thou shalt die, and not live. 
Then Hezekiah turned his face toward the wall, and prayed unto the LORD, 
And said, Remember now, O LORD, I beseech thee, how I have walked before th
230,midnight, that the man was afraid, and turned himself: and, behold, a woman lay at his feet. 
And he said, Who art thou? And she answered, I am Ruth thine handmaid: spread therefore thy skirt over thine handmaid; for thou art a ne
203,d, and be taken. 
Bind up the testimony, seal the law among my disciples. 
And I will wait upon the LORD, that hideth his face from the house of Jacob, and I will look for him. 
Behold, I and the childre
226,that humbleth himself shall be exalted. 
Then said he also to him that bade him, When thou makest a dinner or a supper, call not thy friends, nor thy brethren, neither thy kinsmen, nor thy rich neighbours; lest they also bid t
216,alem; half of them toward the former sea, and half of them toward the hinder sea: in summer and in winter shall it be. 
And the LORD shall be king over all the earth: in that day shall there be one LORD, and his name
209,ot saved. 
For the hurt of the daughter of my people am I hurt; I am black; astonishment hath taken hold on me. 
Is there no balm in Gilead; is there no physician there? why then is not the health of the daugh
236,gel sounded, and there fell a great star from heaven, burning as it were a lamp, and it fell upon the third part of the rivers, and upon the fountains of waters; 
And the name of the star is called Wormwood: and the third part of the wa
193, he charged them, saying, Thus shall ye do in the fear of the LORD, faithfully, and with a perfect heart. 
And what cause soever shall come to you of your brethren that dwell in your cities, be
189, up from his thicket, and the destroyer of the Gentiles is on his way; he is gone forth from his place to make thy land desolate; and thy cities shall be laid waste, without an inhabitant. 
195,eraphim: 
Afterward shall the children of Israel return, and seek the LORD their God, and David their king; and shall fear the LORD and his goodness in the latter days. 
Hear the word of the LORD
196,nderstand; they walk on in darkness: all the foundations of the earth are out of course. 
I have said, Ye are gods; and all of you are children of the most High. 
But ye shall die like men, and fa
195, elect, I have even called thee by thy name: I have surnamed thee, though thou hast not known me. 
I am the LORD, and there is none else, there is no God beside me: I girded thee, though thou has
199,t was so, that when they that bare the ark of the LORD had gone six paces, he sacrificed oxen and fatlings. 
And David danced before the LORD with all his might; and David was girded with a linen eph
190,he firstborn are mine; for on the day that I smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt I hallowed unto me all the firstborn in Israel, both man and beast: mine shall they be: I am the LOR
191,stilence, and will deliver them to be removed to all the kingdoms of the earth, to be a curse, and an astonishment, and an hissing, and a reproach, among all the nations whither I have driven
191, I have believed thy commandments. 
Before I was afflicted I went astray: but now have I kept thy word. 
Thou art good, and doest good; teach me thy statutes. 
The proud have forged a lie aga
172,nd strangers which were there spent their time in nothing else, but either to tell, or to hear some new thing.) 
Then Paul stood in the midst of Mars' hill, and said, Ye me
226, that they may come up upon the land of Egypt, and eat every herb of the land, even all that the hail hath left. 
And Moses stretched forth his rod over the land of Egypt, and the LORD brought an east wind upon the land all th
175,e hand: that the LORD may turn from the fierceness of his anger, and shew thee mercy, and have compassion upon thee, and multiply thee, as he hath sworn unto thy fathers; 
Whe
197,hechem? come, and I will send thee unto them. And he said to him, Here am I. 
And he said to him, Go, I pray thee, see whether it be well with thy brethren, and well with the flocks; and bring me w
230,before me, saith the LORD, so shall your seed and your name remain. 
And it shall come to pass, that from one new moon to another, and from one sabbath to another, shall all flesh come to worship before me, saith the LORD. 
And th
218,speed to depart, lest he overtake us suddenly, and bring evil upon us, and smite the city with the edge of the sword. 
And the king's servants said unto the king, Behold, thy servants are ready to do whatsoever my lord
186,ed, and they cleansed the chambers: and thither brought I again the vessels of the house of God, with the meat offering and the frankincense. 
And I perceived that the portions of the Le
211, in the land of the Chaldeans by the river Chebar; and the hand of the LORD was there upon him. 
And I looked, and, behold, a whirlwind came out of the north, a great cloud, and a fire infolding itself, and a br
178, became Pharaoh's. 
And as for the people, he removed them to cities from one end of the borders of Egypt even to the other end thereof. 
Only the land of the priests bought he n
221, them, on the two ends of the mercy seat; 
One cherub on the end on this side, and another cherub on the other end on that side: out of the mercy seat made he the cherubims on the two ends thereof. 
And the cherubims spre
177,
Behold, the princes of Israel, every one were in thee to their power to shed blood. 
In thee have they set light by father and mother: in the midst of thee have they dealt by o
161, She is my sister? so I might have taken her to me to wife: now therefore behold thy wife, take her, and go thy way. 
And Pharaoh commanded his men concerning hi
235,hold, I have longed after thy precepts: quicken me in thy righteousness. 
Let thy mercies come also unto me, O LORD, even thy salvation, according to thy word. 
So shall I have wherewith to answer him that reproacheth me: for I trust i
207,ate, and your cities waste. 
Then shall the land enjoy her sabbaths, as long as it lieth desolate, and ye be in your enemies' land; even then shall the land rest, and enjoy her sabbaths. 
As long as it lieth
181,unto the truth. 
But I receive not testimony from man: but these things I say, that ye might be saved. 
He was a burning and a shining light: and ye were willing for a season to rej
223,d up, his kingdom shall be broken, and shall be divided toward the four winds of heaven; and not to his posterity, nor according to his dominion which he ruled: for his kingdom shall be plucked up, even for others beside th
194,said unto me, Fear him not: for I will deliver him, and all his people, and his land, into thy hand; and thou shalt do unto him as thou didst unto Sihon king of the Amorites, which dwelt at Hesh
216,w after righteousness, ye that seek the LORD: look unto the rock whence ye are hewn, and to the hole of the pit whence ye are digged. 
Look unto Abraham your father, and unto Sarah that bare you: for I called him alo
194,re shall no evil touch thee. 
In famine he shall redeem thee from death: and in war from the power of the sword. 
Thou shalt be hid from the scourge of the tongue: neither shalt thou be afraid o
231,d. 
And I will make thee like the top of a rock: thou shalt be a place to spread nets upon; thou shalt be built no more: for I the LORD have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD to Tyrus; Shall not the isles shak
193,n dwell therein. 
Behold, a people shall come from the north, and a great nation, and many kings shall be raised up from the coasts of the earth. 
They shall hold the bow and the lance: they ar
201,re him no children: and she had an handmaid, an Egyptian, whose name was Hagar. 
And Sarai said unto Abram, Behold now, the LORD hath restrained me from bearing: I pray thee, go in unto my maid; it may
235,the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel: speak unto them, saying, At even ye shall eat flesh, and in the morning ye shall be filled with bread; and ye shall know that I am the LORD your
210,ft is in danger to be set at nought; but also that the temple of the great goddess Diana should be despised, and her magnificence should be destroyed, whom all Asia and the world worshippeth. 
And when they hea
209,oth, and Eltekon; six cities with their villages: 
Kirjathbaal, which is Kirjathjearim, and Rabbah; two cities with their villages: 
In the wilderness, Betharabah, Middin, and Secacah, 
And Nibshan, and the ci
163, in those days he did eat nothing: and when they were ended, he afterward hungered. 
And the devil said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, command this stone tha
221,but forgat him. 
And it came to pass at the end of two full years, that Pharaoh dreamed: and, behold, he stood by the river. 
And, behold, there came up out of the river seven well favoured kine and fatfleshed; and they f
233,ine hand upon thee, and roll thee down from the rocks, and will make thee a burnt mountain. 
And they shall not take of thee a stone for a corner, nor a stone for foundations; but thou shalt be desolate for ever, saith the LORD. 
Set
227,his parents, because they saw he was a proper child; and they were not afraid of the king's commandment. 
By faith Moses, when he was come to years, refused to be called the son of Pharaoh's daughter; 
Choosing rather to suffer
177,y ye shall not find it in the field. 
Six days ye shall gather it; but on the seventh day, which is the sabbath, in it there shall be none. 
And it came to pass, that there went
213,nto you. 
Behold, I set before you this day a blessing and a curse; 
A blessing, if ye obey the commandments of the LORD your God, which I command you this day: 
And a curse, if ye will not obey the commandments o
233,born of Ephratah, the father of Bethlehem. 
And Ashur the father of Tekoa had two wives, Helah and Naarah. 
And Naarah bare him Ahuzam, and Hepher, and Temeni, and Haahashtari. These were the sons of Naarah. 
And the sons of Helah we
223, All that thou didst send for to thy servant at the first I will do: but this thing I may not do. And the messengers departed, and brought him word again. 
And Benhadad sent unto him, and said, The gods do so unto me, and m
231,d thereof shall be wrung out at the side of the altar: 
And he shall pluck away his crop with his feathers, and cast it beside the altar on the east part, by the place of the ashes: 
And he shall cleave it with the wings thereof, b
236,cities of Judah, Rehoboam reigned over them. 
Then king Rehoboam sent Adoram, who was over the tribute; and all Israel stoned him with stones, that he died. Therefore king Rehoboam made speed to get him up to his chariot, to flee to Jer
232, did to Debir, and to the king thereof; as he had done also to Libnah, and to her king. 
So Joshua smote all the country of the hills, and of the south, and of the vale, and of the springs, and all their kings: he left none remainin
188,ndment of the LORD? but it shall not prosper. 
Go not up, for the LORD is not among you; that ye be not smitten before your enemies. 
For the Amalekites and the Canaanites are there before
182,orld. 
He shall neither have son nor nephew among his people, nor any remaining in his dwellings. 
They that come after him shall be astonied at his day, as they that went before wer
171,here was blood throughout all the land of Egypt. 
And the magicians of Egypt did so with their enchantments: and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, neither did he hearken unto 
228,y sacrifice unto thee: I will praise thy name, O LORD; for it is good. 
For he hath delivered me out of all trouble: and mine eye hath seen his desire upon mine enemies. 
Give ear to my prayer, O God; and hide not thyself from m
214,, and was strong, whose height reached unto the heaven, and the sight thereof to all the earth; 
Whose leaves were fair, and the fruit thereof much, and in it was meat for all; under which the beasts of the field d
237,low. 
And in this mountain shall the LORD of hosts make unto all people a feast of fat things, a feast of wines on the lees, of fat things full of marrow, of wines on the lees well refined. 
And he will destroy in this mountain the face 
186,ORD lift up his countenance upon thee, and give thee peace. 
And they shall put my name upon the children of Israel, and I will bless them. 
And it came to pass on the day that Moses had
218,ndise, and all thy men of war, that are in thee, and in all thy company which is in the midst of thee, shall fall into the midst of the seas in the day of thy ruin. 
The suburbs shall shake at the sound of the cry of t
203,fect heart and with a willing mind: for the LORD searcheth all hearts, and understandeth all the imaginations of the thoughts: if thou seek him, he will be found of thee; but if thou forsake him, he will
211,their sockets three. 
All the hangings of the court round about were of fine twined linen. 
And the sockets for the pillars were of brass; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver; and the overlaying
169,st a snare upon you, but for that which is comely, and that ye may attend upon the Lord without distraction. 
But if any man think that he behaveth himself uncomely towa
197,n his spear; and, lo, the chariots and horsemen followed hard after him. 
And when he looked behind him, he saw me, and called unto me. And I answered, Here am I. 
And he said unto me, Who art thou
202,eyes? saith the LORD of hosts. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Behold, I will save my people from the east country, and from the west country; 
And I will bring them, and they shall dwell in the midst of
215, unto all the Jews that were in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus, both nigh and far, 
To stablish this among them, that they should keep the fourteenth day of the month Adar, and the fifteenth day of the same
167,et him that speaketh in an unknown tongue pray that he may interpret. 
For if I pray in an unknown tongue, my spirit prayeth, but my understanding is unfruitful. 
What
176,brother to dragons, and a companion to owls. 
My skin is black upon me, and my bones are burned with heat. 
My harp also is turned to mourning, and my organ into the voice of t
206,he LORD of hosts is his name: he shall throughly plead their cause, that he may give rest to the land, and disquiet the inhabitants of Babylon. 
A sword is upon the Chaldeans, saith the LORD, and upon the i
186,et you go. 
And I will give this people favour in the sight of the Egyptians: and it shall come to pass, that, when ye go, ye shall not go empty. 
But every woman shall borrow of her nei
223,e of crying shall be from Horonaim, spoiling and great destruction. 
Moab is destroyed; her little ones have caused a cry to be heard. 
For in the going up of Luhith continual weeping shall go up; for in the going down of H
212,ll feed the flock of slaughter, even you, O poor of the flock. And I took unto me two staves; the one I called Beauty, and the other I called Bands; and I fed the flock. 
Three shepherds also I cut off in one mon
195, remain among you; neither make mention of the name of their gods, nor cause to swear by them, neither serve them, nor bow yourselves unto them: 
But cleave unto the LORD your God, as ye have don
198,ey said, Cornelius the centurion, a just man, and one that feareth God, and of good report among all the nation of the Jews, was warned from God by an holy angel to send for thee into his house, and
228,the merciful thou wilt shew thyself merciful, and with the upright man thou wilt shew thyself upright. 
With the pure thou wilt shew thyself pure; and with the froward thou wilt shew thyself unsavoury. 
And the afflicted people 
184,
And when Gideon was come, behold, there was a man that told a dream unto his fellow, and said, Behold, I dreamed a dream, and, lo, a cake of barley bread tumbled into the host of Midi
185, of Israel. 
And the Levites that are gone away far from me, when Israel went astray, which went astray away from me after their idols; they shall even bear their iniquity. 
Yet they sh
222, seed also be numbered. 
Arise, walk through the land in the length of it and in the breadth of it; for I will give it unto thee. 
Then Abram removed his tent, and came and dwelt in the plain of Mamre, which is in Hebron, 
165,el, and hath brought us forth out of Egypt: and, behold, we are in Kadesh, a city in the uttermost of thy border: 
Let us pass, I pray thee, through thy country: we 
217,rom his righteousness, and committeth iniquity, and doeth according to all the abominations that the wicked man doeth, shall he live? All his righteousness that he hath done shall not be mentioned: in his trespass tha
222, lightnings, and a thick cloud upon the mount, and the voice of the trumpet exceeding loud; so that all the people that was in the camp trembled. 
And Moses brought forth the people out of the camp to meet with God; and th
212,ifice unto the LORD God of their fathers. 
So they strengthened the kingdom of Judah, and made Rehoboam the son of Solomon strong, three years: for three years they walked in the way of David and Solomon. 
And Re
190,nding searcheth him out. 
When righteous men do rejoice, there is great glory: but when the wicked rise, a man is hidden. 
He that covereth his sins shall not prosper: but whoso confesseth a
217,d praise God with a loud voice for all the mighty works that they had seen; 
Saying, Blessed be the King that cometh in the name of the Lord: peace in heaven, and glory in the highest. 
And some of the Pharisees from 
202,ys. 
But when the congregation is to be gathered together, ye shall blow, but ye shall not sound an alarm. 
And the sons of Aaron, the priests, shall blow with the trumpets; and they shall be to you for
213,o taken thy fair jewels of my gold and of my silver, which I had given thee, and madest to thyself images of men, and didst commit whoredom with them, 
And tookest thy broidered garments, and coveredst them: and t
191,be it unto me according to thy word. And the angel departed from her. 
And Mary arose in those days, and went into the hill country with haste, into a city of Juda; 
And entered into the hous
172,ecome the father of many nations, according to that which was spoken, So shall thy seed be. 
And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body now dead, when he w
184,ay up knowledge: but the mouth of the foolish is near destruction. 
The rich man's wealth is his strong city: the destruction of the poor is their poverty. 
The labour of the righteous
222,all bring your burnt offerings, and your sacrifices, and your tithes, and heave offerings of your hand, and your vows, and your freewill offerings, and the firstlings of your herds and of your flocks: 
And there ye shall e
226, of Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and the spirit of Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, and the spirit of all the remnant of the people; and they came and did work in the house of the LORD of hos
218,h, we shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection: 
Knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him, that the body of sin might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin. 
For he that is dead is 
207,ty shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering: 
One spoon of gold of ten shekels, full of incense: 
One young bullock, one ram, one lamb 
221,im, Wilt thou lay down thy life for my sake? Verily, verily, I say unto thee, The cock shall not crow, till thou hast denied me thrice. 
Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me. 
In my Father
186,in his season: he reserveth unto us the appointed weeks of the harvest. 
Your iniquities have turned away these things, and your sins have withholden good things from you. 
For among my 
211,: 
Behold, the days come, that all that is in thine house, and that which thy fathers have laid up in store until this day, shall be carried to Babylon: nothing shall be left, saith the LORD. 
And of thy sons th
180, of Bigvai, two thousand threescore and seven. 
The children of Adin, six hundred fifty and five. 
The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight. 
The children of Hashum, thre
188,arment of fine linen and purple: and the city of Shushan rejoiced and was glad. 
The Jews had light, and gladness, and joy, and honour. 
And in every province, and in every city, whitherso
169,ld unto thee, and serve thee six years; then in the seventh year thou shalt let him go free from thee. 
And when thou sendest him out free from thee, thou shalt not let 
206,pon these we bestow more abundant honour; and our uncomely parts have more abundant comeliness. 
For our comely parts have no need: but God hath tempered the body together, having given more abundant honour
182, the pit. 
They that see thee shall narrowly look upon thee, and consider thee, saying, Is this the man that made the earth to tremble, that did shake kingdoms; 
That made the world 
187,onathan his son, and the people that were present with them, abode in Gibeah of Benjamin: but the Philistines encamped in Michmash. 
And the spoilers came out of the camp of the Philistin
234,hem, and saith unto them, Be of good cheer: it is I; be not afraid. 
And he went up unto them into the ship; and the wind ceased: and they were sore amazed in themselves beyond measure, and wondered. 
For they considered not the mirac
230, two days was the feast of the passover, and of unleavened bread: and the chief priests and the scribes sought how they might take him by craft, and put him to death. 
But they said, Not on the feast day, lest there be an uproar o
169,. 
Woe unto the inhabitants of the sea coast, the nation of the Cherethites! the word of the LORD is against you; O Canaan, the land of the Philistines, I will even dest
221,r baldness; and instead of a stomacher a girding of sackcloth; and burning instead of beauty. 
Thy men shall fall by the sword, and thy mighty in the war. 
And her gates shall lament and mourn; and she being desolate shal
167,to betray him. 
Now the first day of the feast of unleavened bread the disciples came to Jesus, saying unto him, Where wilt thou that we prepare for thee to eat the pa
196,e LORD will roar from Zion, and utter his voice from Jerusalem; and the habitations of the shepherds shall mourn, and the top of Carmel shall wither. 
Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions
205,s them at all. 
But Balaam answered and said unto Balak, Told not I thee, saying, All that the LORD speaketh, that I must do? 
And Balak said unto Balaam, Come, I pray thee, I will bring thee unto another 
202, and not content therewith, neither doth he himself receive the brethren, and forbiddeth them that would, and casteth them out of the church. 
Beloved, follow not that which is evil, but that which is g
165,uncleanness and to iniquity unto iniquity; even so now yield your members servants to righteousness unto holiness. 
For when ye were the servants of sin, ye were fre
174,their high places. 
And Moses went up from the plains of Moab unto the mountain of Nebo, to the top of Pisgah, that is over against Jericho. And the LORD shewed him all the l
210,o Uriah, Tarry here to day also, and to morrow I will let thee depart. So Uriah abode in Jerusalem that day, and the morrow. 
And when David had called him, he did eat and drink before him; and he made him drun
171,upy thy merchandise. 
They of Persia and of Lud and of Phut were in thine army, thy men of war: they hanged the shield and helmet in thee; they set forth thy comeliness. 

223,m, and fought against the Philistines: and David waxed faint. 
And Ishbibenob, which was of the sons of the giant, the weight of whose spear weighed three hundred shekels of brass in weight, he being girded with a new sword
223, Resist the devil, and he will flee from you. 
Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners; and purify your hearts, ye double minded. 
Be afflicted, and mourn, and weep: let your laughter 
186,y day; and call the sabbath a delight, the holy of the LORD, honourable; and shalt honour him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words: 
Th
169, they drink none, but obey their father's commandment: notwithstanding I have spoken unto you, rising early and speaking; but ye hearkened not unto me. 
I have sent also
225,ilderness: your clothes are not waxen old upon you, and thy shoe is not waxen old upon thy foot. 
Ye have not eaten bread, neither have ye drunk wine or strong drink: that ye might know that I am the LORD your God. 
And when 
164,, all their princes as Zebah, and as Zalmunna: 
Who said, Let us take to ourselves the houses of God in possession. 
O my God, make them like a wheel; as the stubbl
161,ys of his ministration were accomplished, he departed to his own house. 
And after those days his wife Elisabeth conceived, and hid herself five months, saying, 
179,dst of Samaria and Galilee. 
And as he entered into a certain village, there met him ten men that were lepers, which stood afar off: 
And they lifted up their voices, and said, Je
214,hearers: now thy shepherds which were with us, we hurt them not, neither was there ought missing unto them, all the while they were in Carmel. 
Ask thy young men, and they will shew thee. Wherefore let the young me
174,eat of any thing that is dead of itself, or torn, whether it be fowl or beast. 
Moreover, when ye shall divide by lot the land for inheritance, ye shall offer an oblation unt
183,gainst an hypocritical nation, and against the people of my wrath will I give him a charge, to take the spoil, and to take the prey, and to tread them down like the mire of the street
185,osts: 
Behold, the days come, that all that is in thine house, and that which thy fathers have laid up in store until this day, shall be carried to Babylon: nothing shall be left, saith
180,rd shalt thou live, and shalt serve thy brother; and it shall come to pass when thou shalt have the dominion, that thou shalt break his yoke from off thy neck. 
And Esau hated Jaco
164,rn. 
And the Pharisees said unto him, Behold, why do they on the sabbath day that which is not lawful? 
And he said unto them, Have ye never read what David did, wh
193,saries said, They shall not know, neither see, till we come in the midst among them, and slay them, and cause the work to cease. 
And it came to pass, that when the Jews which dwelt by them cam
161,with them that believed not, when she had received the spies with peace. 
And what shall I more say? for the time would fail me to tell of Gedeon, and of Barak, 
167,nderstand, that did seek God. 
Every one of them is gone back: they are altogether become filthy; there is none that doeth good, no, not one. 
Have the workers of iniq
211,thed in sackcloth. 
These are the two olive trees, and the two candlesticks standing before the God of the earth. 
And if any man will hurt them, fire proceedeth out of their mouth, and devoureth their enemies: 
168,amed it, He had no understanding? 
Is it not yet a very little while, and Lebanon shall be turned into a fruitful field, and the fruitful field shall be esteemed as a f
180,hat there is in these houses an ephod, and teraphim, and a graven image, and a molten image? now therefore consider what ye have to do. 
And they turned thitherward, and came to th
170,d not the body of the Lord Jesus. 
And it came to pass, as they were much perplexed thereabout, behold, two men stood by them in shining garments: 
And as they were afrai
161,er an oblation and sweet odours unto him. 
The king answered unto Daniel, and said, Of a truth it is, that your God is a God of gods, and a Lord of kings, and a 
184, stone like unto the first, and went up into the mount, having the two tables in mine hand. 
And he wrote on the tables, according to the first writing, the ten commandments, which the
211, the LORD gave the people favour in the sight of the Egyptians, so that they lent unto them such things as they required. And they spoiled the Egyptians. 
And the children of Israel journeyed from Rameses to Suc
187,s: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
To him that by wisdom made the heavens: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
To him that stretched out the earth above the waters: for his mercy endureth
208,w that thou hast dealt well with me: forasmuch as when the LORD had delivered me into thine hand, thou killedst me not. 
For if a man find his enemy, will he let him go well away? wherefore the LORD reward th
218, his hand; and his hand prevailed against Chushanrishathaim. 
And the land had rest forty years. And Othniel the son of Kenaz died. 
And the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of the LORD: and the LORD stre
189, natural body; it is raised a spiritual body. There is a natural body, and there is a spiritual body. 
And so it is written, The first man Adam was made a living soul; the last Adam was mad
224,should he slay thee, that all the Jews which are gathered unto thee should be scattered, and the remnant in Judah perish? 
But Gedaliah the son of Ahikam said unto Johanan the son of Kareah, Thou shalt not do this thing: for
179,lodged round about the house of God, because the charge was upon them, and the opening thereof every morning pertained to them. 
And certain of them had the charge of the minister
209,fear thee, O Lord, and glorify thy name? for thou only art holy: for all nations shall come and worship before thee; for thy judgments are made manifest. 
And after that I looked, and, behold, the temple of th
223,od giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it: 
Only if thou carefully hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to observe to do all these commandments which I command thee this day. 
For the LORD thy God blesseth thee
179,; for these things our eyes are dim. 
Because of the mountain of Zion, which is desolate, the foxes walk upon it. 
Thou, O LORD, remainest for ever; thy throne from generation to 
217, stead. 
And Nadab the son of Jeroboam began to reign over Israel in the second year of Asa king of Judah, and reigned over Israel two years. 
And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of his fat
205,ngdoms of the earth may know that thou art the LORD, even thou only. 
Then Isaiah the son of Amoz sent unto Hezekiah, saying, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Whereas thou hast prayed to me against Senna
180, the doings of Israel. 
Therefore the LORD stablished the kingdom in his hand; and all Judah brought to Jehoshaphat presents; and he had riches and honour in abundance. 
And his he
196,ion. 
O thou king, the most high God gave Nebuchadnezzar thy father a kingdom, and majesty, and glory, and honour: 
And for the majesty that he gave him, all people, nations, and languages, trembl
177,ed themselves: and Peter stood with them, and warmed himself. 
The high priest then asked Jesus of his disciples, and of his doctrine. 
Jesus answered him, I spake openly to the
234,to their writing, and according to their language. 
And he wrote in the king Ahasuerus' name, and sealed it with the king's ring, and sent letters by posts on horseback, and riders on mules, camels, and young dromedaries: 
Wherein the
233, thresh, O daughter of Zion: for I will make thine horn iron, and I will make thy hoofs brass: and thou shalt beat in pieces many people: and I will consecrate their gain unto the LORD, and their substance unto the Lord of the whole 
214,, and to enquire in his temple. 
For in the time of trouble he shall hide me in his pavilion: in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me; he shall set me up upon a rock. 
And now shall mine head be lifted up 
181, the Jews that were in Judah and Jerusalem in the name of the God of Israel, even unto them. 
Then rose up Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and began 
210,ne to thy saints at Jerusalem: 
And here he hath authority from the chief priests to bind all that call on thy name. 
But the Lord said unto him, Go thy way: for he is a chosen vessel unto me, to bear my name b
236,ters were Zeruiah, and Abigail. And the sons of Zeruiah; Abishai, and Joab, and Asahel, three. 
And Abigail bare Amasa: and the father of Amasa was Jether the Ishmeelite. 
And Caleb the son of Hezron begat children of Azubah his wife, a
163,rthy to unloose. 
These things were done in Bethabara beyond Jordan, where John was baptizing. 
The next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him, and saith, Behold th
161,And have tasted the good word of God, and the powers of the world to come, 
If they shall fall away, to renew them again unto repentance; seeing they crucify to 
195,should conceive when they came to drink. 
And the flocks conceived before the rods, and brought forth cattle ringstraked, speckled, and spotted. 
And Jacob did separate the lambs, and set the fac
235,gdom is divided, and given to the Medes and Persians. 
Then commanded Belshazzar, and they clothed Daniel with scarlet, and put a chain of gold about his neck, and made a proclamation concerning him, that he should be the third ruler i
209,for ever throughout their generations. 
This is the law of the burnt offering, of the meat offering, and of the sin offering, and of the trespass offering, and of the consecrations, and of the sacrifice of the
178,I prophesied as I was commanded: and as I prophesied, there was a noise, and behold a shaking, and the bones came together, bone to his bone. 
And when I beheld, lo, the sinews a
223, and let him go up to Jerusalem, which is in Judah, and build the house of the LORD God of Israel, (he is the God,) which is in Jerusalem. 
And whosoever remaineth in any place where he sojourneth, let the men of his place 
180,s said not unto him, He shall not die; but, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee? 
This is the disciple which testifieth of these things, and wrote these thing
171,rites. Who among us shall dwell with the devouring fire? who among us shall dwell with everlasting burnings? 
He that walketh righteously, and speaketh uprightly; he that 
238,is kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying, 
Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia, The LORD God of heaven hath given me all the kingdoms of the earth; and he hath charged me to build him an house at Jerusalem, which is in Judah. 
Who is th
202,spake against me. 
All my inward friends abhorred me: and they whom I loved are turned against me. 
My bone cleaveth to my skin and to my flesh, and I am escaped with the skin of my teeth. 
Have pity up
217,ains shall be molten under him, and the valleys shall be cleft, as wax before the fire, and as the waters that are poured down a steep place. 
For the transgression of Jacob is all this, and for the sins of the house 
207,for Kirharesh. 
And it shall come to pass, when it is seen that Moab is weary on the high place, that he shall come to his sanctuary to pray; but he shall not prevail. 
This is the word that the LORD hath sp
238,: and my covenant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant. 
And the uncircumcised man child whose flesh of his foreskin is not circumcised, that soul shall be cut off from his people; he hath broken my covenant. 
And God said u
224, of the prophets; as it is written, 
After this I will return, and will build again the tabernacle of David, which is fallen down; and I will build again the ruins thereof, and I will set it up: 
That the residue of men migh
160,r, and Heber the father of Socho, and Jekuthiel the father of Zanoah. And these are the sons of Bithiah the daughter of Pharaoh, which Mered took. 
And the sons
183, not come before him. 
Hear diligently my speech, and my declaration with your ears. 
Behold now, I have ordered my cause; I know that I shall be justified. 
Who is he that will plead
230,r of the LORD was kindled against Uzza, and he smote him, because he put his hand to the ark: and there he died before God. 
And David was displeased, because the LORD had made a breach upon Uzza: wherefore that place is called Pe
161,s. And he judged Israel seven years. 
Then died Ibzan, and was buried at Bethlehem. 
And after him Elon, a Zebulonite, judged Israel; and he judged Israel ten ye
225,ither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision; but faith which worketh by love. 
Ye did run well; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the truth? 
This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you. 
A littl
227, declared particularly what things God had wrought among the Gentiles by his ministry. 
And when they heard it, they glorified the Lord, and said unto him, Thou seest, brother, how many thousands of Jews there are which believe
175,only. 
But as the days of Noe were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be. 
For as in the days that were before the flood they were eating and drinking, marrying and g
216,as four stood up for it, four kingdoms shall stand up out of the nation, but not in his power. 
And in the latter time of their kingdom, when the transgressors are come to the full, a king of fierce countenance, and 
163,n the sight of the Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink; and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother's womb. 
And many of the c
169,that woman, which have committed that wicked thing, unto thy gates, even that man or that woman, and shalt stone them with stones, till they die. 
At the mouth of two wi
184,h the hinds to calve, and discovereth the forests: and in his temple doth every one speak of his glory. 
The LORD sitteth upon the flood; yea, the LORD sitteth King for ever. 
The LORD
183,o Izri, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The fifth to Nethaniah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The sixth to Bukkiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were 
177,e deceitful lusts; 
And be renewed in the spirit of your mind; 
And that ye put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness. 
Wherefore putting
174,and all manner of cunning men for every manner of work. 
Of the gold, the silver, and the brass, and the iron, there is no number. Arise therefore, and be doing, and the LORD
197,lence with his garment, saith the LORD of hosts: therefore take heed to your spirit, that ye deal not treacherously. 
Ye have wearied the LORD with your words. Yet ye say, Wherein have we wearied h
182,ose prospect is toward the north is for the priests, the keepers of the charge of the altar: these are the sons of Zadok among the sons of Levi, which come near to the LORD to minist
176,m; for it is the city of the great King. 
Neither shalt thou swear by thy head, because thou canst not make one hair white or black. 
But let your communication be, Yea, yea; N
231,h, no, not in Israel. 
And they that were sent, returning to the house, found the servant whole that had been sick. 
And it came to pass the day after, that he went into a city called Nain; and many of his disciples went with him, 
200,anaan, and gave her to her husband Abram to be his wife. 
And he went in unto Hagar, and she conceived: and when she saw that she had conceived, her mistress was despised in her eyes. 
And Sarai said 
198,leadeth the cause of his people, Behold, I have taken out of thine hand the cup of trembling, even the dregs of the cup of my fury; thou shalt no more drink it again: 
But I will put it into the han
233,est that they be not trees for meat, thou shalt destroy and cut them down; and thou shalt build bulwarks against the city that maketh war with thee, until it be subdued. 
If one be found slain in the land which the LORD thy God givet
202,rist, and the glory that should follow. 
Unto whom it was revealed, that not unto themselves, but unto us they did minister the things, which are now reported unto you by them that have preached the gos
169,at the LORD did because of Baalpeor: for all the men that followed Baalpeor, the LORD thy God hath destroyed them from among you. 
But ye that did cleave unto the LORD y
236, Seest thou these great buildings? there shall not be left one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down. 
And as he sat upon the mount of Olives over against the temple, Peter and James and John and Andrew asked him privately, 
180,r mouth. 
And it shall come to pass in that day, that a great tumult from the LORD shall be among them; and they shall lay hold every one on the hand of his neighbour, and his hand
206,n; and thou hadst a whore's forehead, thou refusedst to be ashamed. 
Wilt thou not from this time cry unto me, My father, thou art the guide of my youth? 
Will he reserve his anger for ever? will he keep it
231,m Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah's handmaid, bare unto Abraham: 
And these are the names of the sons of Ishmael, by their names, according to their generations: the firstborn of Ishmael, Nebajoth; and Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam, 
And
237, Behold, we go up to Jerusalem, and all things that are written by the prophets concerning the Son of man shall be accomplished. 
For he shall be delivered unto the Gentiles, and shall be mocked, and spitefully entreated, and spitted on:
169,t; they committed whoredoms in their youth: there were their breasts pressed, and there they bruised the teats of their virginity. 
And the names of them were Aholah the
197,ast it out to Joab. And he blew a trumpet, and they retired from the city, every man to his tent. And Joab returned to Jerusalem unto the king. 
Now Joab was over all the host of Israel: and Benaia
200,ngeance for thee of thine enemies, even of the children of Ammon. 
And she said unto her father, Let this thing be done for me: let me alone two months, that I may go up and down upon the mountains, a
210,f peace; 
Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked. 
And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God:
216, son of Amoz, which he saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem in the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah. 
Hear, O heavens, and give ear, O earth: for the LORD hath spoken, I have nourished and bro
190,esus, who of God is made unto us wisdom, and righteousness, and sanctification, and redemption: 
That, according as it is written, He that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord. 
And I, brethr
223,shall die by the sword; their sons and their daughters shall die by famine: 
And there shall be no remnant of them: for I will bring evil upon the men of Anathoth, even the year of their visitation. 
Righteous art thou, O L
231,lew a trumpet, and all the people stood still, and pursued after Israel no more, neither fought they any more. 
And Abner and his men walked all that night through the plain, and passed over Jordan, and went through all Bithron, an
187, kingdom, and healing all manner of sickness and all manner of disease among the people. 
And his fame went throughout all Syria: and they brought unto him all sick people that were taken
175,he put to more strength: but wisdom is profitable to direct. 
Surely the serpent will bite without enchantment; and a babbler is no better. 
The words of a wise man's mouth ar
226, of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab. 
Hadad died also. And the dukes of Edom were; duke Timnah, duke Aliah, duke Jetheth, 
Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon, 
Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar, 
Duke Magdiel, duke Iram.
226,th miry clay. 
And as the toes of the feet were part of iron, and part of clay, so the kingdom shall be partly strong, and partly broken. 
And whereas thou sawest iron mixed with miry clay, they shall mingle themselves with th
190,srael, and they shall build the waste cities, and inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, and drink the wine thereof; they shall also make gardens, and eat the fruit of them. 
And I wi
161,n booths seven days; all that are Israelites born shall dwell in booths: 
That your generations may know that I made the children of Israel to dwell in booths, w
211,is enough) that there be no more mighty thunderings and hail; and I will let you go, and ye shall stay no longer. 
And Moses said unto him, As soon as I am gone out of the city, I will spread abroad my hands unt
219,ot eat of an offering of the holy things. 
But if the priest's daughter be a widow, or divorced, and have no child, and is returned unto her father's house, as in her youth, she shall eat of her father's meat: but there
199,hat lift it up, or as if the staff should lift up itself, as if it were no wood. 
Therefore shall the Lord, the Lord of hosts, send among his fat ones leanness; and under his glory he shall kindle a 
233,lesh, which thou sacrificedst the first day at even, remain all night until the morning. 
Thou mayest not sacrifice the passover within any of thy gates, which the LORD thy God giveth thee: 
But at the place which the LORD thy God sh
201, sight of Israel, Sun, stand thou still upon Gibeon; and thou, Moon, in the valley of Ajalon. 
And the sun stood still, and the moon stayed, until the people had avenged themselves upon their enemies. 
167, obstinate, and thy neck is an iron sinew, and thy brow brass; 
I have even from the beginning declared it to thee; before it came to pass I shewed it thee: lest thou 
178, given in possession. 
Therefore say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Although I have cast them far off among the heathen, and although I have scattered them among the countries, yet wi
224,ngs of armies did flee apace: and she that tarried at home divided the spoil. 
Though ye have lien among the pots, yet shall ye be as the wings of a dove covered with silver, and her feathers with yellow gold. 
When the Almi
184,r in prison, and came unto thee? 
And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have do
167,f the air. 
Destruction and death say, We have heard the fame thereof with our ears. 
God understandeth the way thereof, and he knoweth the place thereof. 
For he look
182,rewest into the deeps, as a stone into the mighty waters. 
Moreover thou leddest them in the day by a cloudy pillar; and in the night by a pillar of fire, to give them light in the w
183,hy water with trembling and with carefulness; 
And say unto the people of the land, Thus saith the Lord GOD of the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and of the land of Israel; They shall eat 
208,s of the children of Israel. 
And these were their names: of the tribe of Reuben, Shammua the son of Zaccur. 
Of the tribe of Simeon, Shaphat the son of Hori. 
Of the tribe of Judah, Caleb the son of Jephunne
205,ence, because he hath borne it upon him. 
He putteth his mouth in the dust; if so be there may be hope. 
He giveth his cheek to him that smiteth him: he is filled full with reproach. 
For the LORD will not
231,
And thou shalt put all in the hands of Aaron, and in the hands of his sons; and shalt wave them for a wave offering before the LORD. 
And thou shalt receive them of their hands, and burn them upon the altar for a burnt offering, f
225,suffered me to kiss my sons and my daughters? thou hast now done foolishly in so doing. 
It is in the power of my hand to do you hurt: but the God of your father spake unto me yesternight, saying, Take thou heed that thou spe
170,here will I dwell; for I have desired it. 
I will abundantly bless her provision: I will satisfy her poor with bread. 
I will also clothe her priests with salvation: and 
228,here ran a man of Benjamin out of the army, and came to Shiloh the same day with his clothes rent, and with earth upon his head. 
And when he came, lo, Eli sat upon a seat by the wayside watching: for his heart trembled for the 
185,irdeth on his harness boast himself as he that putteth it off. 
And it came to pass, when Ben-hadad heard this message, as he was drinking, he and the kings in the pavilions, that he sa
224,e utterly all her host. 
Thus the slain shall fall in the land of the Chaldeans, and they that are thrust through in her streets. 
For Israel hath not been forsaken, nor Judah of his God, of the LORD of hosts; though their l
198, faces: and they said, The LORD, he is the God; the LORD, he is the God. 
And Elijah said unto them, Take the prophets of Baal; let not one of them escape. And they took them: and Elijah brought the
179,f the burnt offering, and all his vessels, and sanctify the altar: and it shall be an altar most holy. 
And thou shalt anoint the laver and his foot, and sanctify it. 
And thou sh
187,ot from being taken. 
Withhold not good from them to whom it is due, when it is in the power of thine hand to do it. 
Say not unto thy neighbour, Go, and come again, and to morrow I will 
232,olate, and the fulness thereof, by the noise of his roaring. 
Then the nations set against him on every side from the provinces, and spread their net over him: he was taken in their pit. 
And they put him in ward in chains, and brou
233, even for ever. 
And thou, O tower of the flock, the strong hold of the daughter of Zion, unto thee shall it come, even the first dominion; the kingdom shall come to the daughter of Jerusalem. 
Now why dost thou cry out aloud? is the
214, captain against her; cause the horses to come up as the rough caterpillers. 
Prepare against her the nations with the kings of the Medes, the captains thereof, and all the rulers thereof, and all the land of his d
213,me, to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think; but to think soberly, according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith. 
For as we have many members in 
198,the sea, with the servants of Solomon. 
And they came to Ophir, and fetched from thence gold, four hundred and twenty talents, and brought it to king Solomon. 
And when the queen of Sheba heard of t
197,way, that I may know thee, that I may find grace in thy sight: and consider that this nation is thy people. 
And he said, My presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest. 
And he said unt
210,nd Judah and Israel dwelt safely, every man under his vine and under his fig tree, from Dan even to Beersheba, all the days of Solomon. 
And Solomon had forty thousand stalls of horses for his chariots, and twe
175,ight unto thy soul. 
Where there is no vision, the people perish: but he that keepeth the law, happy is he. 
A servant will not be corrected by words: for though he understand
180,
And he called the name of the place Massah, and Meribah, because of the chiding of the children of Israel, and because they tempted the LORD, saying, Is the LORD among us, or not?
189,r his inheritance? 
When thou art departed from me to day, then thou shalt find two men by Rachel's sepulchre in the border of Benjamin at Zelzah; and they will say unto thee, The asses whi
235,ly to be praised; and his greatness is unsearchable. 
One generation shall praise thy works to another, and shall declare thy mighty acts. 
I will speak of the glorious honour of thy majesty, and of thy wondrous works. 
And men shall s
228, fall, the one will lift up his fellow: but woe to him that is alone when he falleth; for he hath not another to help him up. 
Again, if two lie together, then they have heat: but how can one be warm alone? 
And if one prevail a
217,owed down, and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day. 
For the day of the LORD of hosts shall be upon every one that is proud and lofty, and upon every one that is lifted up; and he shall be brought low: 
And up
225,at ye may prolong your days in the land, which the LORD sware unto your fathers to give unto them and to their seed, a land that floweth with milk and honey. 
For the land, whither thou goest in to possess it, is not as the l
176,ptain of the host, Abner, whose son is this youth? And Abner said, As thy soul liveth, O king, I cannot tell. 
And the king said, Enquire thou whose son the stripling is. 
And 
238,e the waters from the waters. 
And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so. 
And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the 
190,reth his heart to seek God, the LORD God of his fathers, though he be not cleansed according to the purification of the sanctuary. 
And the LORD hearkened to Hezekiah, and healed the people.
198,t eateth of this bread shall live for ever. 
These things said he in the synagogue, as he taught in Capernaum. 
Many therefore of his disciples, when they had heard this, said, This is an hard sayin
181,He is dead. 
Then David arose from the earth, and washed, and anointed himself, and changed his apparel, and came into the house of the LORD, and worshipped: then he came to his own
175,ce, for their service which they serve, even the service of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
Neither must the children of Israel henceforth come nigh the tabernacle of the
224,ich no man knoweth saving he that receiveth it. 
And unto the angel of the church in Thyatira write; These things saith the Son of God, who hath his eyes like unto a flame of fire, and his feet are like fine brass; 
I know t
173,ople, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God. 
And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying,
175,ordan, and the goings out of it shall be at the salt sea: this shall be your land with the coasts thereof round about. 
And Moses commanded the children of Israel, saying, Thi
179,ad, Kadmiel; 
And their brethren, Shebaniah, Hodijah, Kelita, Pelaiah, Hanan, 
Micha, Rehob, Hashabiah, 
Zaccur, Sherebiah, Shebaniah, 
Hodijah, Bani, Beninu. 
The chief of the pe
230,He is antichrist, that denieth the Father and the Son. 
Whosoever denieth the Son, the same hath not the Father: he that acknowledgeth the Son hath the Father also. 
Let that therefore abide in you, which ye have heard from the be
218,l, a sacrifice acceptable, wellpleasing to God. 
But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus. 
Now unto God and our Father be glory for ever and ever. Amen. 
Salute every sain
199,saith the Lord GOD; I will also destroy the idols, and I will cause their images to cease out of Noph; and there shall be no more a prince of the land of Egypt: and I will put a fear in the land of E
168,ph, God hath made me lord of all Egypt: come down unto me, tarry not: 
And thou shalt dwell in the land of Goshen, and thou shalt be near unto me, thou, and thy childre
165,n, and upon the new wine, and upon the oil, and upon that which the ground bringeth forth, and upon men, and upon cattle, and upon all the labour of the hands. 
Then
170, for I have grievously rebelled: abroad the sword bereaveth, at home there is as death. 
They have heard that I sigh: there is none to comfort me: all mine enemies have h
196, a Netophathite, Ittai the son of Ribai out of Gibeah of the children of Benjamin, 
Benaiah the Pirathonite, Hiddai of the brooks of Gaash, 
Abialbon the Arbathite, Azmaveth the Barhumite, 
Eliahb
221, given them. 
This is the water of Meribah; because the children of Israel strove with the LORD, and he was sanctified in them. 
And Moses sent messengers from Kadesh unto the king of Edom, Thus saith thy brother Israel, 
189,h unto Jerusalem, and were come to Bethphage, unto the mount of Olives, then sent Jesus two disciples, 
Saying unto them, Go into the village over against you, and straightway ye shall find
180,ay thou before the angel, that it was an error: wherefore should God be angry at thy voice, and destroy the work of thine hands? 
For in the multitude of dreams and many words ther
221,he things which I write unto you, behold, before God, I lie not. 
Afterwards I came into the regions of Syria and Cilicia; 
And was unknown by face unto the churches of Judaea which were in Christ: 
But they had heard onl
205, all the magicians and astrologers that were in all his realm. 
And Daniel continued even unto the first year of king Cyrus. 
And in the second year of the reign of Nebuchadnezzar Nebuchadnezzar dreamed dr
199,should take it to his heart. 
For thy servant doth know that I have sinned: therefore, behold, I am come the first this day of all the house of Joseph to go down to meet my lord the king. 
But Abisha
173,venture he will be enticed, and we shall prevail against him, and we shall take our revenge on him. 
But the LORD is with me as a mighty terrible one: therefore my persecuto
197,penknife, and cast it into the fire that was on the hearth, until all the roll was consumed in the fire that was on the hearth. 
Yet they were not afraid, nor rent their garments, neither the king,
200,ngs which should not be done, and are guilty; 
When the sin, which they have sinned against it, is known, then the congregation shall offer a young bullock for the sin, and bring him before the tabern
192,kilful of lamentation to wailing. 
And in all vineyards shall be wailing: for I will pass through thee, saith the LORD. 
Woe unto you that desire the day of the LORD! to what end is it for you
217, boast themselves of idols: worship him, all ye gods. 
Zion heard, and was glad; and the daughters of Judah rejoiced because of thy judgments, O LORD. 
For thou, LORD, art high above all the earth: thou art exalted fa
239,brother, and a third part under the hand of Ittai the Gittite. And the king said unto the people, I will surely go forth with you myself also. 
But the people answered, Thou shalt not go forth: for if we flee away, they will not care for u
197,. 
Then said his sister to Pharaoh's daughter, Shall I go and call to thee a nurse of the Hebrew women, that she may nurse the child for thee? 
And Pharaoh's daughter said to her, Go. And the maid 
218,not up, nor awake my love, until he please. 
Who is this that cometh up from the wilderness, leaning upon her beloved? I raised thee up under the apple tree: there thy mother brought thee forth: there she brought thee 
233,avid is not ascended into the heavens: but he saith himself, The Lord said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, 
Until I make thy foes thy footstool. 
Therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly, that God hath made the s
166,y gathered the quails: he that gathered least gathered ten homers: and they spread them all abroad for themselves round about the camp. 
And while the flesh was yet b
190, were, the Israelites, the priests, Levites, and the Nethinims. 
And in Jerusalem dwelt of the children of Judah, and of the children of Benjamin, and of the children of Ephraim, and Manasse
182,ts went out, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the sea, (they were about two thousand;) and were choked in the sea. 
And they that fed th
181,of Judah, at Bethshemesh, which belongeth to Judah. 
And Judah was put to the worse before Israel, and they fled every man to his tent. 
And Joash the king of Israel took Amaziah ki
197,oing astray; but are now returned unto the Shepherd and Bishop of your souls. 
Likewise, ye wives, be in subjection to your own husbands; that, if any obey not the word, they also may without the w
223,e balances to weigh, and divide the hair. 
Thou shalt burn with fire a third part in the midst of the city, when the days of the siege are fulfilled: and thou shalt take a third part, and smite about it with a knife: and a 
235,welve stones, which they took out of Jordan, did Joshua pitch in Gilgal. 
And he spake unto the children of Israel, saying, When your children shall ask their fathers in time to come, saying, What mean these stones? 
Then ye shall let 
225,thy cedars. 
Howl, fir tree; for the cedar is fallen; because the mighty are spoiled: howl, O ye oaks of Bashan; for the forest of the vintage is come down. 
There is a voice of the howling of the shepherds; for their glory i
236,unto the prayer of thy servant, and to his supplication, O LORD my God, to hearken unto the cry and to the prayer, which thy servant prayeth before thee to day: 
That thine eyes may be open toward this house night and day, even toward t
169,may sup, and gird thyself, and serve me, till I have eaten and drunken; and afterward thou shalt eat and drink? 
Doth he thank that servant because he did the things tha
217,, saying, Peace; and there was no peace; and one built up a wall, and, lo, others daubed it with untempered morter: 
Say unto them which daub it with untempered morter, that it shall fall: there shall be an overflowin
210,not. 
And when they were come to the land of Zuph, Saul said to his servant that was with him, Come, and let us return; lest my father leave caring for the asses, and take thought for us. 
And he said unto him,
211,t in, and stood beside the wheels. 
And one cherub stretched forth his hand from between the cherubims unto the fire that was between the cherubims, and took thereof, and put it into the hands of him that was cl
186, redeem them; for other men have our lands and vineyards. 
And I was very angry when I heard their cry and these words. 
Then I consulted with myself, and I rebuked the nobles, and the r
230,And cried with a loud voice, and said, What have I to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of the most high God? I adjure thee by God, that thou torment me not. 
For he said unto him, Come out of the man, thou unclean spirit. 
And he ask
234,, they have done abominable works, there is none that doeth good. 
The LORD looked down from heaven upon the children of men, to see if there were any that did understand, and seek God. 
They are all gone aside, they are all together 
166,ke my holy name known in the midst of my people Israel; and I will not let them pollute my holy name any more: and the heathen shall know that I am the LORD, the Holy
222,f Israel, and an hundred of a thousand, and a thousand out of ten thousand, to fetch victual for the people, that they may do, when they come to Gibeah of Benjamin, according to all the folly that they have wrought in Isra
185,
He shall be shaven, but the scall shall he not shave; and the priest shall shut up him that hath the scall seven days more: 
And in the seventh day the priest shall look on the scall: 
223,efore do I see every man with his hands on his loins, as a woman in travail, and all faces are turned into paleness? 
Alas! for that day is great, so that none is like it: it is even the time of Jacob's trouble, but he shal
179,three days' journey: and the ark of the covenant of the LORD went before them in the three days' journey, to search out a resting place for them. 
And the cloud of the LORD was up
233,Of Jeduthun: the sons of Jeduthun; Gedaliah, and Zeri, and Jeshaiah, Hashabiah, and Mattithiah, six, under the hands of their father Jeduthun, who prophesied with a harp, to give thanks and to praise the LORD. 
Of Heman: the sons of 
168,iet: they break forth into singing. 
Yea, the fir trees rejoice at thee, and the cedars of Lebanon, saying, Since thou art laid down, no feller is come up against us. 

221,er be partaker of other men's sins: keep thyself pure. 
Drink no longer water, but use a little wine for thy stomach's sake and thine often infirmities. 
Some men's sins are open beforehand, going before to judgment; and 
176,ppointed it. 
Are there yet the treasures of wickedness in the house of the wicked, and the scant measure that is abominable? 
Shall I count them pure with the wicked balances,
207,shall be at his steps. 
But tidings out of the east and out of the north shall trouble him: therefore he shall go forth with great fury to destroy, and utterly to make away many. 
And he shall plant the tabe
231,that he may be wise. 
For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. For it is written, He taketh the wise in their own craftiness. 
And again, The Lord knoweth the thoughts of the wise, that they are vain. 
Therefore let no
240,. And her daughter was made whole from that very hour. 
And Jesus departed from thence, and came nigh unto the sea of Galilee; and went up into a mountain, and sat down there. 
And great multitudes came unto him, having with them those that
198, make holy garments for Aaron thy brother, and his sons, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office. 
And they shall take gold, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen. 
And they 
166,seeth us? and who knoweth us? 
Surely your turning of things upside down shall be esteemed as the potter's clay: for shall the work say of him that made it, He made m
203,nd about him a light from heaven: 
And he fell to the earth, and heard a voice saying unto him, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? 
And he said, Who art thou, Lord? And the Lord said, I am Jesus whom t
214,he LORD thy God in the place which he shall choose, thou shalt read this law before all Israel in their hearing. 
Gather the people together, men and women, and children, and thy stranger that is within thy gates, 
231,at the Philistines are rulers over us? what is this that thou hast done unto us? And he said unto them, As they did unto me, so have I done unto them. 
And they said unto him, We are come down to bind thee, that we may deliver thee
189,the door: by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved, and shall go in and out, and find pasture. 
The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they 
165, 
I will make thy name to be remembered in all generations: therefore shall the people praise thee for ever and ever. 
God is our refuge and strength, a very present
189,d, 
And my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour. 
For he hath regarded the low estate of his handmaiden: for, behold, from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed. 
For he that i
168, thirty and six thousand; of which the LORD'S tribute was threescore and twelve. 
And the asses were thirty thousand and five hundred; of which the LORD'S tribute was t
214,ame cities, unto Baal. These were their habitations, and their genealogy. 
And Meshobab, and Jamlech, and Joshah, the son of Amaziah, 
And Joel, and Jehu the son of Josibiah, the son of Seraiah, the son of Asiel, 

190,in the night; thou hast tried me, and shalt find nothing; I am purposed that my mouth shall not transgress. 
Concerning the works of men, by the word of thy lips I have kept me from the path
196,e in the name of the LORD? 
Then he said, I did see all Israel scattered upon the mountains, as sheep that have no shepherd: and the LORD said, These have no master; let them return therefore ever
215,God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God, 
And said, Behold, I see the heavens opened, and the Son of man standing on the right hand of God. 
Then they cried out with a loud voice, and stopped their ears, an
216,er, the children of Talmon, the children of Akkub, the children of Hatita, the children of Shobai, in all an hundred thirty and nine. 
The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hasupha, the children of Tab
194,the ways of life; thou shalt make me full of joy with thy countenance. 
Men and brethren, let me freely speak unto you of the patriarch David, that he is both dead and buried, and his sepulchre 
167,aughters have done virtuously, but thou excellest them all. 
Favour is deceitful, and beauty is vain: but a woman that feareth the LORD, she shall be praised. 
Give he
160,and Jesus straitly charged them, saying, See that no man know it. 
But they, when they were departed, spread abroad his fame in all that country. 
As they went 
211,And it came to pass at the time of the going down of the sun, that Joshua commanded, and they took them down off the trees, and cast them into the cave wherein they had been hid, and laid great stones in the cav
204,of harvest, so is a faithful messenger to them that send him: for he refresheth the soul of his masters. 
Whoso boasteth himself of a false gift is like clouds and wind without rain. 
By long forbearing i
204,D: 
Behold now, thy servant hath found grace in thy sight, and thou hast magnified thy mercy, which thou hast shewed unto me in saving my life; and I cannot escape to the mountain, lest some evil take me,
188, And he brake the withs, as a thread of tow is broken when it toucheth the fire. So his strength was not known. 
And Delilah said unto Samson, Behold, thou hast mocked me, and told me lies
178,doubted of such manner of questions, I asked him whether he would go to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these matters. 
But when Paul had appealed to be reserved unto the heari
195,east; I will consume the fowls of the heaven, and the fishes of the sea, and the stumbling blocks with the wicked: and I will cut off man from off the land, saith the LORD. 
I will also stretch o
218,LORD. 
Hear this word that the LORD hath spoken against you, O children of Israel, against the whole family which I brought up from the land of Egypt, saying, 
You only have I known of all the families of the earth: th
164,ypt. 
But I wrought for my name's sake, that it should not be polluted before the heathen, among whom they were, in whose sight I made myself known unto them, in br
172,nd the river, that whatsoever Ezra the priest, the scribe of the law of the God of heaven, shall require of you, it be done speedily, 
Unto an hundred talents of silver, an
177, shall destroy all this people. 
And they came near unto him, and said, We will build sheepfolds here for our cattle, and cities for our little ones: 
But we ourselves will go r
177,perform thy vows: for the wicked shall no more pass through thee; he is utterly cut off. 
He that dasheth in pieces is come up before thy face: keep the munition, watch the way,
227, they feed upon the mountains of Israel. 
I will feed my flock, and I will cause them to lie down, saith the Lord GOD. 
I will seek that which was lost, and bring again that which was driven away, and will bind up that which wa
198,king in the garden in the cool of the day: and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the LORD God amongst the trees of the garden. 
And the LORD God called unto Adam, and said unto h
223,pon the houses; they shall enter in at the windows like a thief. 
The earth shall quake before them; the heavens shall tremble: the sun and the moon shall be dark, and the stars shall withdraw their shining: 
And the LORD s
204,te mind, to do those things which are not convenient; 
Being filled with all unrighteousness, fornication, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity; whisper
169,es, and saw his brother Benjamin, his mother's son, and said, Is this your younger brother, of whom ye spake unto me? And he said, God be gracious unto thee, my son. 
An
234,pressed, judge the fatherless, plead for the widow. 
Come now, and let us reason together, saith the LORD: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool. 
If ye 
232,And the king said, If he be alone, there is tidings in his mouth. And he came apace, and drew near. 
And the watchman saw another man running: and the watchman called unto the porter, and said, Behold another man running alone. And 
215, eye look upon Zion. 
But they know not the thoughts of the LORD, neither understand they his counsel: for he shall gather them as the sheaves into the floor. 
Arise and thresh, O daughter of Zion: for I will make t
221,on, and ruled from Aroer, which is upon the bank of the river Arnon, and from the middle of the river, and from half Gilead, even unto the river Jabbok, which is the border of the children of Ammon; 
And from the plain to
212,ouls to make them fly, and I will tear them from your arms, and will let the souls go, even the souls that ye hunt to make them fly. 
Your kerchiefs also will I tear, and deliver my people out of your hand, and t
200,that bear silver are cut off. 
And it shall come to pass at that time, that I will search Jerusalem with candles, and punish the men that are settled on their lees: that say in their heart, The LORD w
186,will send thee a man out of the land of Benjamin, and thou shalt anoint him to be captain over my people Israel, that he may save my people out of the hand of the Philistines: for I have
173,great slaughter. 
And the men of Bethshemesh said, Who is able to stand before this holy LORD God? and to whom shall he go up from us? 
And they sent messengers to the inhab
190,soldier of Jesus Christ. 
No man that warreth entangleth himself with the affairs of this life; that he may please him who hath chosen him to be a soldier. 
And if a man also strive for mast
166,h. 
Jesus answered, I have told you that I am he: if therefore ye seek me, let these go their way: 
That the saying might be fulfilled, which he spake, Of them which 
198,nes went up, and pitched in Judah, and spread themselves in Lehi. 
And the men of Judah said, Why are ye come up against us? And they answered, To bind Samson are we come up, to do to him as he hath
231,t and of wheat harvest; and dwelt with her mother in law. 
Then Naomi her mother in law said unto her, My daughter, shall I not seek rest for thee, that it may be well with thee? 
And now is not Boaz of our kindred, with whose maid
204,ul out of prison, that I may praise thy name: the righteous shall compass me about; for thou shalt deal bountifully with me. 
Hear my prayer, O LORD, give ear to my supplications: in thy faithfulness answ
232,f Egypt, unto their horses, and to their chariots; how he made the water of the Red sea to overflow them as they pursued after you, and how the LORD hath destroyed them unto this day; 
And what he did unto you in the wilderness, unt
163,n up; and a cloud received him out of their sight. 
And while they looked stedfastly toward heaven as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel; 

215,t of Israel, and Amasa the son of Jether, captain of the host of Judah. 
Their blood shall therefore return upon the head of Joab, and upon the head of his seed for ever: but upon David, and upon his seed, and upon 
181,ou art, the Holy One of God. 
And Jesus rebuked him, saying, Hold thy peace, and come out of him. 
And when the unclean spirit had torn him, and cried with a loud voice, he came out
209,ts. 
For I am the LORD, I change not; therefore ye sons of Jacob are not consumed. 
Even from the days of your fathers ye are gone away from mine ordinances, and have not kept them. Return unto me, and I will 
160,many people, which make a noise like the noise of the seas; and to the rushing of nations, that make a rushing like the rushing of mighty waters! 
The nations s
229,th were all their lifetime subject to bondage. 
For verily he took not on him the nature of angels; but he took on him the seed of Abraham. 
Wherefore in all things it behoved him to be made like unto his brethren, that he might 
237, ass, to wit, for the prophet whom he had brought back. 
And when he was gone, a lion met him by the way, and slew him: and his carcase was cast in the way, and the ass stood by it, the lion also stood by the carcase. 
And, behold, men p
209,the LORD appeared unto him the same night, and said, I am the God of Abraham thy father: fear not, for I am with thee, and will bless thee, and multiply thy seed for my servant Abraham's sake. 
And he builded 
199,he wicked are deceit. 
The words of the wicked are to lie in wait for blood: but the mouth of the upright shall deliver them. 
The wicked are overthrown, and are not: but the house of the righteous s
237,t thou thus with thy servants? 
There is no straw given unto thy servants, and they say to us, Make brick: and, behold, thy servants are beaten; but the fault is in thine own people. 
But he said, Ye are idle, ye are idle: therefore ye s
188,f the LORD; then he shall bring for his trespass unto the LORD a ram without blemish out of the flocks, with thy estimation by shekels of silver, after the shekel of the sanctuary, for a t
228, marketh it out with the compass, and maketh it after the figure of a man, according to the beauty of a man; that it may remain in the house. 
He heweth him down cedars, and taketh the cypress and the oak, which he strengtheneth
186,n away my LORD, and I know not where they have laid him. 
And when she had thus said, she turned herself back, and saw Jesus standing, and knew not that it was Jesus. 
Jesus saith unto h
173,alvation of your souls. 
Of which salvation the prophets have enquired and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you: 
Searching what, or wh
240, also stolen, and dissembled also, and they have put it even among their own stuff. 
Therefore the children of Israel could not stand before their enemies, but turned their backs before their enemies, because they were accursed: neither wil
173,o thee; who shall be sorry for thee? desolation, and destruction, and the famine, and the sword: by whom shall I comfort thee? 
Thy sons have fainted, they lie at the head o
213,
And all the elders of Israel came; and the Levites took up the ark. 
And they brought up the ark, and the tabernacle of the congregation, and all the holy vessels that were in the tabernacle, these did the priest
240,d he hearkened unto their voice. So he arose from the earth, and sat upon the bed. 
And the woman had a fat calf in the house; and she hasted, and killed it, and took flour, and kneaded it, and did bake unleavened bread thereof: 
And she br
209,n despiseth his mother. 
Folly is joy to him that is destitute of wisdom: but a man of understanding walketh uprightly. 
Without counsel purposes are disappointed: but in the multitude of counsellors they are 
164,tor of the law, had in reputation among all the people, and commanded to put the apostles forth a little space; 
And said unto them, Ye men of Israel, take heed to 
189,ltitude, when they had heard what great things he did, came unto him. 
And he spake to his disciples, that a small ship should wait on him because of the multitude, lest they should throng 
213,ded before the tabernacle of the congregation: and all the congregation drew near and stood before the LORD. 
And Moses said, This is the thing which the LORD commanded that ye should do: and the glory of the LORD
228,and gave gifts unto men. 
(Now that he ascended, what is it but that he also descended first into the lower parts of the earth? 
He that descended is the same also that ascended up far above all heavens, that he might fill all t
239, heavens; and his kingdom ruleth over all. 
Bless the LORD, ye his angels, that excel in strength, that do his commandments, hearkening unto the voice of his word. 
Bless ye the LORD, all ye his hosts; ye ministers of his, that do his plea
179,er their gods, saying, How did these nations serve their gods? even so will I do likewise. 
Thou shalt not do so unto the LORD thy God: for every abomination to the LORD, which he
208,ll he come and rain righteousness upon you. 
Ye have plowed wickedness, ye have reaped iniquity; ye have eaten the fruit of lies: because thou didst trust in thy way, in the multitude of thy mighty men. 
Ther
172,eved on him, and said, When Christ cometh, will he do more miracles than these which this man hath done? 
The Pharisees heard that the people murmured such things concernin
224,d repaired them. 
And he brought in the priests and the Levites, and gathered them together into the east street, 
And said unto them, Hear me, ye Levites, sanctify now yourselves, and sanctify the house of the LORD God of y
205,ols. 
Wine is a mocker, strong drink is raging: and whosoever is deceived thereby is not wise. 
The fear of a king is as the roaring of a lion: whoso provoketh him to anger sinneth against his own soul. 
I
188,reat silence, he spake unto them in the Hebrew tongue, saying, 
Men, brethren, and fathers, hear ye my defence which I make now unto you. 
(And when they heard that he spake in the Hebrew 
209,isdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom, which God ordained before the world unto our glory: 
Which none of the princes of this world knew: for had they known it, they would not have crucified the Lo
207,ate robbery for burnt offering; and I will direct their work in truth, and I will make an everlasting covenant with them. 
And their seed shall be known among the Gentiles, and their offspring among the peop
221,nd bringeth them up into an high mountain apart, 
And was transfigured before them: and his face did shine as the sun, and his raiment was white as the light. 
And, behold, there appeared unto them Moses and Elias talking
190,ast them off? thus they have despised my people, that they should be no more a nation before them. 
Thus saith the LORD; If my covenant be not with day and night, and if I have not appointed
189,tenor of these words I have made a covenant with thee and with Israel. 
And he was there with the LORD forty days and forty nights; he did neither eat bread, nor drink water. And he wrote u
190,not, neither did thy fathers know; that he might make thee know that man doth not live by bread only, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of the LORD doth man live. 
Thy raime
219,th with her bars was about me for ever: yet hast thou brought up my life from corruption, O LORD my God. 
When my soul fainted within me I remembered the LORD: and my prayer came in unto thee, into thine holy temple. 
T
194,hich were all valiant men; because they had forsaken the LORD God of their fathers. 
And Zichri, a mighty man of Ephraim, slew Maaseiah the king's son, and Azrikam the governor of the house, and
215,se. 
But last of all he sent unto them his son, saying, They will reverence my son. 
But when the husbandmen saw the son, they said among themselves, This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and let us seize on his 
168,. 
And this I do for the gospel's sake, that I might be partaker thereof with you. 
Know ye not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth the prize? So r
187,burbs; four cities. 
And out of the tribe of Asher, Mishal with her suburbs, Abdon with her suburbs, 
Helkath with her suburbs, and Rehob with her suburbs; four cities. 
And out of the tr
216,ouse of the LORD, in the chamber of Gemariah the son of Shaphan the scribe, in the higher court, at the entry of the new gate of the LORD's house, in the ears of all the people. 
When Michaiah the son of Gemariah, th
187,d Anathoth with her suburbs. All their cities throughout their families were thirteen cities. 
And unto the sons of Kohath, which were left of the family of that tribe, were cities given 
238, new heavens and a new earth: and the former shall not be remembered, nor come into mind. 
But be ye glad and rejoice for ever in that which I create: for, behold, I create Jerusalem a rejoicing, and her people a joy. 
And I will rejoice 
163,ll nations: and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats: 
And he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the go
212,f Israel carried away captive of their brethren two hundred thousand, women, sons, and daughters, and took also away much spoil from them, and brought the spoil to Samaria. 
But a prophet of the LORD was there, w
194,sons with him hid themselves. Now Ornan was threshing wheat. 
And as David came to Ornan, Ornan looked and saw David, and went out of the threshingfloor, and bowed himself to David with his face
168,He answered and said unto them, When it is evening, ye say, It will be fair weather: for the sky is red. 
And in the morning, It will be foul weather to day: for the sk
240,h the daughter of Jacob, and he loved the damsel, and spake kindly unto the damsel. 
And Shechem spake unto his father Hamor, saying, Get me this damsel to wife. 
And Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah his daughter: now his sons were wit
219,, Satan hath desired to have you, that he may sift you as wheat: 
But I have prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not: and when thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren. 
And he said unto him, Lord, I am ready to go 
184,, and he moved David against them to say, Go, number Israel and Judah. 
For the king said to Joab the captain of the host, which was with him, Go now through all the tribes of Israel, 
198,namon, and odours, and ointments, and frankincense, and wine, and oil, and fine flour, and wheat, and beasts, and sheep, and horses, and chariots, and slaves, and souls of men. 
And the fruits that 
202,he Lord GOD; Set on a pot, set it on, and also pour water into it: 
Gather the pieces thereof into it, even every good piece, the thigh, and the shoulder; fill it with the choice bones. 
Take the choice
224,he tribe of Naphtali, were fifty and three thousand and four hundred. 
These are those that were numbered, which Moses and Aaron numbered, and the princes of Israel, being twelve men: each one was for the house of his father
200, the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage. 
Thou shalt have no other gods before me. 
Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or tha
170,e house of the LORD: 
Also the firstborn of our sons, and of our cattle, as it is written in the law, and the firstlings of our herds and of our flocks, to bring to the h
208,D: and when it is presented unto the priest, he shall bring it unto the altar. 
And the priest shall take from the meat offering a memorial thereof, and shall burn it upon the altar: it is an offering made by
203,le together, he demanded of them where Christ should be born. 
And they said unto him, In Bethlehem of Judaea: for thus it is written by the prophet, 
And thou Bethlehem, in the land of Juda, art not the
234,ord said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, 
Until I make thy foes thy footstool. 
Therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly, that God hath made the same Jesus, whom ye have crucified, both Lord and Christ. 
Now when 
162,he rising of the sore be white reddish in his bald head, or in his bald forehead, as the leprosy appeareth in the skin of the flesh; 
He is a leprous man, he is u
193,d of Jehoiada the priest, that ye should be officers in the house of the LORD, for every man that is mad, and maketh himself a prophet, that thou shouldest put him in prison, and in the stocks.
209,
And of Asriel, the family of the Asrielites: and of Shechem, the family of the Shechemites: 
And of Shemida, the family of the Shemidaites: and of Hepher, the family of the Hepherites. 
And Zelophehad the son
167,had been with Jesus. 
And beholding the man which was healed standing with them, they could say nothing against it. 
But when they had commanded them to go aside out o
160,o the Lord he doth not regard it. He that eateth, eateth to the Lord, for he giveth God thanks; and he that eateth not, to the Lord he eateth not, and giveth Go
207,erefore thus saith the LORD; Thy wife shall be an harlot in the city, and thy sons and thy daughters shall fall by the sword, and thy land shall be divided by line; and thou shalt die in a polluted land: and
161,Uzzi, the son of Bukki, 
The son of Abishua, the son of Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the chief priest: 
This Ezra went up from Babylon; and he 
179,efore the children of Israel, until we have brought them unto their place: and our little ones shall dwell in the fenced cities because of the inhabitants of the land. 
We will no
233,his uncleanness. 
Every bed, whereon he lieth that hath the issue, is unclean: and every thing, whereon he sitteth, shall be unclean. 
And whosoever toucheth his bed shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean 
207, return, That unto me every knee shall bow, every tongue shall swear. 
Surely, shall one say, in the LORD have I righteousness and strength: even to him shall men come; and all that are incensed against him 
173, were upon the posts thereof, on this side, and on that side: and the going up to it had eight steps. 
And he brought me to the north gate, and measured it according to thes
224,nd shall be desolate; and ye shall know that I am the LORD. 
And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, what is that proverb that ye have in the land of Israel, saying, The days are prolonged, and every visi
185,e the children of wrath, even as others. 
But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us, 
Even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Chris
202, any other oath: but let your yea be yea; and your nay, nay; lest ye fall into condemnation. 
Is any among you afflicted? let him pray. Is any merry? let him sing psalms. 
Is any sick among you? let him
186,lorify God on this behalf. 
For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God?
204,ll lie down, but he shall not be gathered: he openeth his eyes, and he is not. 
Terrors take hold on him as waters, a tempest stealeth him away in the night. 
The east wind carrieth him away, and he depar
191,ge of that way, he deferred them, and said, When Lysias the chief captain shall come down, I will know the uttermost of your matter. 
And he commanded a centurion to keep Paul, and to let him
177, whole body. 
Behold, we put bits in the horses' mouths, that they may obey us; and we turn about their whole body. 
Behold also the ships, which though they be so great, and ar
239,ole? 
The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me. 
Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk. 
And immediately 
168, also ten tables, and placed them in the temple, five on the right side, and five on the left. And he made an hundred basons of gold. 
Furthermore he made the court of 
206,ich hath been is named already, and it is known that it is man: neither may he contend with him that is mightier than he. 
Seeing there be many things that increase vanity, what is man the better? 
For who 
168,ut ye are not in the flesh, but in the Spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his. 
And if Ch
205,ome forth a rod out of the stem of Jesse, and a Branch shall grow out of his roots: 
And the spirit of the LORD shall rest upon him, the spirit of wisdom and understanding, the spirit of counsel and might,
182,er, and stopped their ears, that they should not hear. 
Yea, they made their hearts as an adamant stone, lest they should hear the law, and the words which the LORD of hosts hath sen
184, the altar that was before the house. 
And he brought me to the porch of the house, and measured each post of the porch, five cubits on this side, and five cubits on that side: and the
204, in the morning came the word of the LORD unto me, saying, 
Son of man, hath not the house of Israel, the rebellious house, said unto thee, What doest thou? 
Say thou unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; T
187, and the things that therein are, and the sea, and the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer: 
But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall beg
237,at trust in him. 
For who is God, save the LORD? and who is a rock, save our God? 
God is my strength and power: and he maketh my way perfect. 
He maketh my feet like hinds' feet: and setteth me upon my high places. 
He teacheth my hands
236,it on the cross. And the writing was JESUS OF NAZARETH THE KING OF THE JEWS. 
This title then read many of the Jews: for the place where Jesus was crucified was nigh to the city: and it was written in Hebrew, and Greek, and Latin. 
Then
216,d not bear them because of their cattle. 
Thus dwelt Esau in mount Seir: Esau is Edom. 
And these are the generations of Esau the father of the Edomites in mount Seir: 
These are the names of Esau's sons; Eliphaz the
168,t; his glory is above the earth and heaven. 
He also exalteth the horn of his people, the praise of all his saints; even of the children of Israel, a people near unto h
226,e gate: then he shall go forth; but the gate shall not be shut until the evening. 
Likewise the people of the land shall worship at the door of this gate before the LORD in the sabbaths and in the new moons. 
And the burnt off
207,, that Jezebel said to Ahab, Arise, take possession of the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite, which he refused to give thee for money: for Naboth is not alive, but dead. 
And it came to pass, when Ahab heard
231, minister unto the LORD before Eli the priest. 
Now the sons of Eli were sons of Belial; they knew not the LORD. 
And the priest's custom with the people was, that, when any man offered sacrifice, the priest's servant came, while t
203,he pass the flower of her age, and need so require, let him do what he will, he sinneth not: let them marry. 
Nevertheless he that standeth stedfast in his heart, having no necessity, but hath power over
219,. 
The Lord GOD hath sworn by himself, saith the LORD the God of hosts, I abhor the excellency of Jacob, and hate his palaces: therefore will I deliver up the city with all that is therein. 
And it shall come to pass, i
229,owledge, and he overthroweth the words of the transgressor. 
The slothful man saith, There is a lion without, I shall be slain in the streets. 
The mouth of strange women is a deep pit: he that is abhorred of the LORD shall fall 
232,te answered and said again unto them, What will ye then that I shall do unto him whom ye call the King of the Jews? 
And they cried out again, Crucify him. 
Then Pilate said unto them, Why, what evil hath he done? And they cried out
190, also is the strength of mine head; Judah is my lawgiver; 
Moab is my washpot; over Edom will I cast out my shoe; over Philistia will I triumph. 
Who will bring me into the strong city? who 
181,orsake the foolish, and live; and go in the way of understanding. 
He that reproveth a scorner getteth to himself shame: and he that rebuketh a wicked man getteth himself a blot. 
R
210,sword shall never depart from thine house; because thou hast despised me, and hast taken the wife of Uriah the Hittite to be thy wife. 
Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will raise up evil against thee out of thin
186,ndred he goats. 
And Jehoshaphat waxed great exceedingly; and he built in Judah castles, and cities of store. 
And he had much business in the cities of Judah: and the men of war, mighty
189,n the earth. 
And the king said unto Joab, Behold now, I have done this thing: go therefore, bring the young man Absalom again. 
And Joab fell to the ground on his face, and bowed himself, 
160,ng thing that moveth upon the earth. 
And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, i
237,se no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look thereon. 
And one of the elders saith unto me, Weep not: behold, the Lion of the tribe of Juda, the Root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the
221,d in your soul, and bind them for a sign upon your hand, that they may be as frontlets between your eyes. 
And ye shall teach them your children, speaking of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by
186,the Philistines. 
And he smote Moab, and measured them with a line, casting them down to the ground; even with two lines measured he to put to death, and with one full line to keep alive
237,were risen, waters to swim in, a river that could not be passed over. 
And he said unto me, Son of man, hast thou seen this? Then he brought me, and caused me to return to the brink of the river. 
Now when I had returned, behold, at the 
225,ts of the isle. 
Is this your joyous city, whose antiquity is of ancient days? her own feet shall carry her afar off to sojourn. 
Who hath taken this counsel against Tyre, the crowning city, whose merchants are princes, whose
213,, and the length is as large as the breadth: and he measured the city with the reed, twelve thousand furlongs. The length and the breadth and the height of it are equal. 
And he measured the wall thereof, an hundr
161,use of the LORD, with cymbals, psalteries, and harps, for the service of the house of God, according to the king's order to Asaph, Jeduthun, and Heman. 
So the n
227,; mine anger is kindled against them: how long will it be ere they attain to innocency? 
For from Israel was it also: the workman made it; therefore it is not God: but the calf of Samaria shall be broken in pieces. 
For they ha
193,e ye be with him; and if ye seek him, he will be found of you; but if ye forsake him, he will forsake you. 
Now for a long season Israel hath been without the true God, and without a teaching p
199,nt about all Galilee, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing all manner of sickness and all manner of disease among the people. 
And his fame went througho
184,eing the miracles which he did. 
For unclean spirits, crying with loud voice, came out of many that were possessed with them: and many taken with palsies, and that were lame, were heal
212,e prophets, O ye house of Israel, have ye offered to me slain beasts and sacrifices by the space of forty years in the wilderness? 
Yea, ye took up the tabernacle of Moloch, and the star of your god Remphan, figu
205,nd carried all the brass of them to Babylon. 
The caldrons also, and the shovels, and the snuffers, and the bowls, and the spoons, and all the vessels of brass wherewith they ministered, took they away. 
A
182,ked me, and told me lies: tell me wherewith thou mightest be bound. And he said unto her, If thou weavest the seven locks of my head with the web. 
And she fastened it with the pin, 
197,erah their sister. 
And the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel, who is the father of Birzavith. 
And Heber begat Japhlet, and Shomer, and Hotham, and Shua their sister. 
And the sons of Japhlet; P
193,rs of the Jews informed me, desiring to have judgment against him. 
To whom I answered, It is not the manner of the Romans to deliver any man to die, before that he which is accused have the ac
173,ver my people out of your hand: and ye shall know that I am the LORD. 
Then came certain of the elders of Israel unto me, and sat before me. 
And the word of the LORD came u
230,ions. 
For many nations and great kings shall serve themselves of them also: and I will recompense them according to their deeds, and according to the works of their own hands. 
For thus saith the LORD God of Israel unto me; Take 
236,d, purge your conscience from dead works to serve the living God? 
And for this cause he is the mediator of the new testament, that by means of death, for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first testament, they wh
207,, he is divided against himself; how shall then his kingdom stand? 
And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils, by whom do your children cast them out? therefore they shall be your judges. 
But if I cast out devi
229,. 
A foreigner and an hired servant shall not eat thereof. 
In one house shall it be eaten; thou shalt not carry forth ought of the flesh abroad out of the house; neither shall ye break a bone thereof. 
All the congregation of Is
198,of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet. 
For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, 
210,f thy commandments; for therein do I delight. 
Incline my heart unto thy testimonies, and not to covetousness. 
Turn away mine eyes from beholding vanity; and quicken thou me in thy way. 
Stablish thy word unto
235, daughter of thy mother, whether she be born at home, or born abroad, even their nakedness thou shalt not uncover. 
The nakedness of thy son's daughter, or of thy daughter's daughter, even their nakedness thou shalt not uncover: for th
179,n may see the light. 
For nothing is secret, that shall not be made manifest; neither any thing hid, that shall not be known and come abroad. 
Take heed therefore how ye hear: for
161,tles of Christ. 
But we were gentle among you, even as a nurse cherisheth her children: 
So being affectionately desirous of you, we were willing to have imparte
189,, that ye be likeminded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind. 
Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than
228,th the Lord GOD. 
And I will bring you out of the midst thereof, and deliver you into the hands of strangers, and will execute judgments among you. 
Ye shall fall by the sword; I will judge you in the border of Israel; and ye sh
162,er said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost
179, men see what is the fellowship of the mystery, which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God, who created all things by Jesus Christ: 
To the intent that now unto th
191,, she is the choice one of her that bare her. The daughters saw her, and blessed her; yea, the queens and the concubines, and they praised her. 
Who is she that looketh forth as the morning, 
184,he LORD, and said, I will persuade him. 
And the LORD said unto him, Wherewith? And he said, I will go forth, and I will be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets. And he said
161,
Now these be the last words of David. David the son of Jesse said, and the man who was raised up on high, the anointed of the God of Jacob, and the sweet psalmi
178,chisedec. 
Of whom we have many things to say, and hard to be uttered, seeing ye are dull of hearing. 
For when for the time ye ought to be teachers, ye have need that one teach 
191,, I will not be enquired of by you. 
Wilt thou judge them, son of man, wilt thou judge them? cause them to know the abominations of their fathers: 
And say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD;
184,ot break, and the smoking flax shall he not quench: he shall bring forth judgment unto truth. 
He shall not fail nor be discouraged, till he have set judgment in the earth: and the isl
179,, that we will eat nothing until we have slain Paul. 
Now therefore ye with the council signify to the chief captain that he bring him down unto you to morrow, as though ye would 
184,e temple. 
Above it stood the seraphims: each one had six wings; with twain he covered his face, and with twain he covered his feet, and with twain he did fly. 
And one cried unto anot
183, the north, a great cloud, and a fire infolding itself, and a brightness was about it, and out of the midst thereof as the colour of amber, out of the midst of the fire. 
Also out of 
183, the battle: thou hast subdued under me those that rose up against me. 
Thou hast also given me the necks of mine enemies; that I might destroy them that hate me. 
They cried, but the
228,be with thy servants: and unto thee will I give hire for thy servants according to all that thou shalt appoint: for thou knowest that there is not among us any that can skill to hew timber like unto the Sidonians. 
And it came t
212, Joab saw that the battle was set against him before and behind, he chose out of all the choice of Israel, and put them in array against the Syrians. 
And the rest of the people he delivered unto the hand of Abis
188, his stead. 
And Samlah died, and Saul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead. 
And Saul died, and Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead. 
And Baalhanan the son of Achbor
201,e loved Hannah: but the LORD had shut up her womb. 
And her adversary also provoked her sore, for to make her fret, because the LORD had shut up her womb. 
And as he did so year by year, when she went 
225,past in the lusts of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind; and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others. 
But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us, 
Even wh
181,py is he. 
Do they not err that devise evil? but mercy and truth shall be to them that devise good. 
In all labour there is profit: but the talk of the lips tendeth only to penury. 
208, of king Ahasuerus was appeased, he remembered Vashti, and what she had done, and what was decreed against her. 
Then said the king's servants that ministered unto him, Let there be fair young virgins sought 
236,ory of the LORD shall appear unto you. 
And Moses said unto Aaron, Go unto the altar, and offer thy sin offering, and thy burnt offering, and make an atonement for thyself, and for the people: and offer the offering of the people, and m
170,thing, saying, In time to come your children might speak unto our children, saying, What have ye to do with the LORD God of Israel? 
For the LORD hath made Jordan a borde
238,l the treasurers which are beyond the river, that whatsoever Ezra the priest, the scribe of the law of the God of heaven, shall require of you, it be done speedily, 
Unto an hundred talents of silver, and to an hundred measures of wheat, 
190,or I have created him for my glory, I have formed him; yea, I have made him. 
Bring forth the blind people that have eyes, and the deaf that have ears. 
Let all the nations be gathered toget
220,ry corruptly against thee, and have not kept the commandments, nor the statutes, nor the judgments, which thou commandedst thy servant Moses. 
Remember, I beseech thee, the word that thou commandedst thy servant Moses, s
196,ived in again. 
And Miriam was shut out from the camp seven days: and the people journeyed not till Miriam was brought in again. 
And afterward the people removed from Hazeroth, and pitched in the
214,after all thy wickedness, (woe, woe unto thee! saith the LORD GOD;) 
That thou hast also built unto thee an eminent place, and hast made thee an high place in every street. 
Thou hast built thy high place at every 
213, and being guilty, they offered a ram of the flock for their trespass. 
And of the sons of Immer; Hanani, and Zebadiah. 
And of the sons of Harim; Maaseiah, and Elijah, and Shemaiah, and Jehiel, and Uzziah. 
And o
212, Job continued his parable, and said, 
Oh that I were as in months past, as in the days when God preserved me; 
When his candle shined upon my head, and when by his light I walked through darkness; 
As I was in t
196,that came to Joel the son of Pethuel. 
Hear this, ye old men, and give ear, all ye inhabitants of the land. Hath this been in your days, or even in the days of your fathers? 
Tell ye your children
167,e Levites, shall be porters of the doors; 
And a third part shall be at the king's house; and a third part at the gate of the foundation: and all the people shall be i
238, unloose. 
These things were done in Bethabara beyond Jordan, where John was baptizing. 
The next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him, and saith, Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world. 
This is he of whom I said,
206,they judged the people at all seasons: the hard causes they brought unto Moses, but every small matter they judged themselves. 
And Moses let his father in law depart; and he went his way into his own land.
204,eheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth. 
John bare witness of him, and cried, saying, This was he of whom I spake, He that cometh after me is preferred 
173,nd thou shalt prepare thy bread therewith. 
Moreover he said unto me, Son of man, behold, I will break the staff of bread in Jerusalem: and they shall eat bread by weight, a
208,ning of the day, and fell down at the door of the man's house where her lord was, till it was light. 
And her lord rose up in the morning, and opened the doors of the house, and went out to go his way: and, b
172, son of Binnui, Levites; 
By number and by weight of every one: and all the weight was written at that time. 
Also the children of those that had been carried away, which w
229,xen fat, they shine: yea, they overpass the deeds of the wicked: they judge not the cause, the cause of the fatherless, yet they prosper; and the right of the needy do they not judge. 
Shall I not visit for these things? saith th
194, and say unto them, My offering, and my bread for my sacrifices made by fire, for a sweet savour unto me, shall ye observe to offer unto me in their due season. 
And thou shalt say unto them, Th
223, country thy servants are come because of the name of the LORD thy God: for we have heard the fame of him, and all that he did in Egypt, 
And all that he did to the two kings of the Amorites, that were beyond Jordan, to Sih
163,h thy mouth, and with his mouth, and will teach you what ye shall do. 
And he shall be thy spokesman unto the people: and he shall be, even he shall be to thee ins
208,hat prayer and supplication soever be made by any man, or by all thy people Israel, which shall know every man the plague of his own heart, and spread forth his hands toward this house: 
Then hear thou in hea
172,nto men to edification, and exhortation, and comfort. 
He that speaketh in an unknown tongue edifieth himself; but he that prophesieth edifieth the church. 
I would that ye
229,he goats, two hundred ewes, and twenty rams, 
Thirty milch camels with their colts, forty kine, and ten bulls, twenty she asses, and ten foals. 
And he delivered them into the hand of his servants, every drove by themselves; and 
172,e Jews, Whither I go, ye cannot come; so now I say to you. 
A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another.
198,y these nations from before thee, and thou shalt possess them: and Joshua, he shall go over before thee, as the LORD hath said. 
And the LORD shall do unto them as he did to Sihon and to Og, kings o
183, of faith is sin. 
We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves. 
Let every one of us please his neighbour for his good to edificatio
229,hall lie with thy wives in the sight of this sun. 
For thou didst it secretly: but I will do this thing before all Israel, and before the sun. 
And David said unto Nathan, I have sinned against the LORD. And Nathan said unto Davi
209,Issachar according to their families, the cities and their villages. 
And the fifth lot came out for the tribe of the children of Asher according to their families. 
And their border was Helkath, and Hali, and
233,ere is none upright among men: they all lie in wait for blood; they hunt every man his brother with a net. 
That they may do evil with both hands earnestly, the prince asketh, and the judge asketh for a reward; and the great man, he 
220,t fear, 
In holiness and righteousness before him, all the days of our life. 
And thou, child, shalt be called the prophet of the Highest: for thou shalt go before the face of the Lord to prepare his ways; 
To give knowl
181,, that we might buy corn, because of the dearth. 
There were also that said, We have borrowed money for the king's tribute, and that upon our lands and vineyards. 
Yet now our flesh
210,n the entering of the gate with the six hundred men that were appointed with weapons of war. 
And these went into Micah's house, and fetched the carved image, the ephod, and the teraphim, and the molten image. 
176,years is hidden to the oppressor. 
A dreadful sound is in his ears: in prosperity the destroyer shall come upon him. 
He believeth not that he shall return out of darkness, and
204,from one sabbath to another, shall all flesh come to worship before me, saith the LORD. 
And they shall go forth, and look upon the carcases of the men that have transgressed against me: for their worm sh
209, word of the LORD of hosts came to me, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; I was jealous for Zion with great jealousy, and I was jealous for her with great fury. 
Thus saith the LORD; I am returned unto Zio
193,rake down the wall of Gath, and the wall of Jabneh, and the wall of Ashdod, and built cities about Ashdod, and among the Philistines. 
And God helped him against the Philistines, and against th
199,with, saith the LORD of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it. 
And I will rebuke the devourer for your s
229,ing of Lachish, one; 
The king of Eglon, one; the king of Gezer, one; 
The king of Debir, one; the king of Geder, one; 
The king of Hormah, one; the king of Arad, one; 
The king of Libnah, one; the king of Adullam, one; 
The king
221,es of Israel: remove violence and spoil, and execute judgment and justice, take away your exactions from my people, saith the Lord GOD. 
Ye shall have just balances, and a just ephah, and a just bath. 
The ephah and the b
227,through all, and in you all. 
But unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ. 
Wherefore he saith, When he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive, and gave gifts unto men. 
(Now th
181,en ye will offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving unto the LORD, offer it at your own will. 
On the same day it shall be eaten up; ye shall leave none of it until the morrow: I am the LO
231,ure we may find grass to save the horses and mules alive, that we lose not all the beasts. 
So they divided the land between them to pass throughout it: Ahab went one way by himself, and Obadiah went another way by himself. 
And as
191,: and the name of Debir before was Kirjathsepher: 
And Caleb said, He that smiteth Kirjathsepher, and taketh it, to him will I give Achsah my daughter to wife. 
And Othniel the son of Kenaz, 
233,ceived the word in much affliction, with joy of the Holy Ghost. 
So that ye were ensamples to all that believe in Macedonia and Achaia. 
For from you sounded out the word of the Lord not only in Macedonia and Achaia, but also in ever
197,ities with their villages: 
Arab, and Dumah, and Eshean, 
And Janum, and Bethtappuah, and Aphekah, 
And Humtah, and Kirjatharba, which is Hebron, and Zior; nine cities with their villages: 
Maon, C
190,the oak in Jabesh, and fasted seven days. 
So Saul died for his transgression which he committed against the LORD, even against the word of the LORD, which he kept not, and also for asking c
219, Oded: 
And he went out to meet Asa, and said unto him, Hear ye me, Asa, and all Judah and Benjamin; The LORD is with you, while ye be with him; and if ye seek him, he will be found of you; but if ye forsake him, he wil
179,h on also, but I perceive him not. 
Behold, he taketh away, who can hinder him? who will say unto him, What doest thou? 
If God will not withdraw his anger, the proud helpers do s
179,ah when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty and two years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Jecoliah of Jerusalem. 
And he did that which was right in the sight of the 
186,d of glory appeared unto our father Abraham, when he was in Mesopotamia, before he dwelt in Charran, 
And said unto him, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and come into 
222,And every man, with whom was found blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen, and goats' hair, and red skins of rams, and badgers' skins, brought them. 
Every one that did offer an offering of silver and brass brought 
195,and with the pestilence, until I have consumed them by his hand. 
Therefore hearken not ye to your prophets, nor to your diviners, nor to your dreamers, nor to your enchanters, nor to your sorcer
216,hat hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches. 
And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia write; These things saith he that is holy, he that is true, he that hath the key of David, he tha
240,zpah, unto the throne of the governor on this side the river. 
Next unto him repaired Uzziel the son of Harhaiah, of the goldsmiths. Next unto him also repaired Hananiah the son of one of the apothecaries, and they fortified Jerusalem unto 
201,srael, saying, They are laid desolate, they are given us to consume. 
Thus with your mouth ye have boasted against me, and have multiplied your words against me: I have heard them. 
Thus saith the Lord
216,h in death. 
Whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer: and ye know that no murderer hath eternal life abiding in him. 
Hereby perceive we the love of God, because he laid down his life for us: and we ought to lay d
188,herefore shall they fall among them that fall: in the time of their visitation they shall be cast down, saith the LORD. 
I will surely consume them, saith the LORD: there shall be no grape
