1000
185,ming never so wisely. 
Break their teeth, O God, in their mouth: break out the great teeth of the young lions, O LORD. 
Let them melt away as waters which run continually: when he bende
170,rink the wine of the condemned in the house of their god. 
Yet destroyed I the Amorite before them, whose height was like the height of the cedars, and he was strong as t
219,, until we were come over the brook Zered, was thirty and eight years; until all the generation of the men of war were wasted out from among the host, as the LORD sware unto them. 
For indeed the hand of the LORD was ag
180,y: for he it is that shall tread down our enemies. 
Hear my cry, O God; attend unto my prayer. 
From the end of the earth will I cry unto thee, when my heart is overwhelmed: lead m
189,joice, but ye shall be ashamed: 
Behold, my servants shall sing for joy of heart, but ye shall cry for sorrow of heart, and shall howl for vexation of spirit. 
And ye shall leave your name 
198, it shall be a statute for ever in all your dwellings throughout your generations. 
And when ye reap the harvest of your land, thou shalt not make clean riddance of the corners of thy field when tho
231, words of Necho from the mouth of God, and came to fight in the valley of Megiddo. 
And the archers shot at king Josiah; and the king said to his servants, Have me away; for I am sore wounded. 
His servants therefore took him out o
239,whole multitude was by the sea on the land. 
And he taught them many things by parables, and said unto them in his doctrine, 
Hearken; Behold, there went out a sower to sow: 
And it came to pass, as he sowed, some fell by the way side, and
219,ast in thy blood, Live; yea, I said unto thee when thou wast in thy blood, Live. 
I have caused thee to multiply as the bud of the field, and thou hast increased and waxen great, and thou art come to excellent ornaments
166,ound, and prayed that, if it were possible, the hour might pass from him. 
And he said, Abba, Father, all things are possible unto thee; take away this cup from me: n
202, they wrote letters by them after this manner; The apostles and elders and brethren send greeting unto the brethren which are of the Gentiles in Antioch and Syria and Cilicia. 
Forasmuch as we have hear
230, saw the LORD. 
Then said Jesus to them again, Peace be unto you: as my Father hath sent me, even so send I you. 
And when he had said this, he breathed on them, and saith unto them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost: 
Whose soever sins y
164,more abominable and filthy is man, which drinketh iniquity like water? 
I will shew thee, hear me; and that which I have seen I will declare; 
Which wise men have t
192,t be with Levi, saith the LORD of hosts. 
My covenant was with him of life and peace; and I gave them to him for the fear wherewith he feared me, and was afraid before my name. 
The law of tru
193,vil from Israel. 
And all the people shall hear, and fear, and do no more presumptuously. 
When thou art come unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee, and shalt possess it, and shalt d
212,iver were turned to blood. 
And the fish that was in the river died; and the river stank, and the Egyptians could not drink of the water of the river; and there was blood throughout all the land of Egypt. 
And th
211,ch is by the river of the land of the children of his people, to call him, saying, Behold, there is a people come out from Egypt: behold, they cover the face of the earth, and they abide over against me: 
Come n
208,e father bear the iniquity of the son: the righteousness of the righteous shall be upon him, and the wickedness of the wicked shall be upon him. 
But if the wicked will turn from all his sins that he hath com
219,eman, which shall devour the palaces of Bozrah. 
Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of the children of Ammon, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have ripped up the women w
237,u mayest bring in thither within the vail the ark of the testimony: and the vail shall divide unto you between the holy place and the most holy. 
And thou shalt put the mercy seat upon the ark of the testimony in the most holy place. 
An
172, of the families of the tribe of Issachar, and out of the tribe of Asher, and out of the tribe of Naphtali, and out of the half tribe of Manasseh in Bashan, thirteen cities
180,said, Is not this he that sat and begged? 
Some said, This is he: others said, He is like him: but he said, I am he. 
Therefore said they unto him, How were thine eyes opened? 
He 
220,hth day he shall take two he lambs without blemish, and one ewe lamb of the first year without blemish, and three tenth deals of fine flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, and one log of oil. 
And the priest that 
221,owledge, 
That I might make thee know the certainty of the words of truth; that thou mightest answer the words of truth to them that send unto thee? 
Rob not the poor, because he is poor: neither oppress the afflicted in 
209,ake gold, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen. 
And they shall make the ephod of gold, of blue, and of purple, of scarlet, and fine twined linen, with cunning work. 
It shall have the two shoulde
174,have forsaken me, and served strange gods in your land, so shall ye serve strangers in a land that is not your's. 
Declare this in the house of Jacob, and publish it in Judah
164,n. 
And it came to pass, that in the morning watch the LORD looked unto the host of the Egyptians through the pillar of fire and of the cloud, and troubled the host
188,alled his name Benammi: the same is the father of the children of Ammon unto this day. 
And Abraham journeyed from thence toward the south country, and dwelled between Kadesh and Shur, and
222, lord Esau; Thy servant Jacob saith thus, I have sojourned with Laban, and stayed there until now: 
And I have oxen, and asses, flocks, and menservants, and womenservants: and I have sent to tell my lord, that I may find g
227,The sword without, and terror within, shall destroy both the young man and the virgin, the suckling also with the man of gray hairs. 
I said, I would scatter them into corners, I would make the remembrance of them to cease from
200,y brethren, or of thy strangers that are in thy land within thy gates: 
At his day thou shalt give him his hire, neither shall the sun go down upon it; for he is poor, and setteth his heart upon it: l
185,ur me now, I pray thee, before the elders of my people, and before Israel, and turn again with me, that I may worship the LORD thy God. 
So Samuel turned again after Saul; and Saul wors
212,went ye out for to see? A man clothed in soft raiment? Behold, they which are gorgeously apparelled, and live delicately, are in kings' courts. 
But what went ye out for to see? A prophet? Yea, I say unto you, an
232,ing in the floor of Atad, they said, This is a grievous mourning to the Egyptians: wherefore the name of it was called Abelmizraim, which is beyond Jordan. 
And his sons did unto him according as he commanded them: 
For his sons car
221,ll glorify thy name for evermore. 
For great is thy mercy toward me: and thou hast delivered my soul from the lowest hell. 
O God, the proud are risen against me, and the assemblies of violent men have sought after my sou
229,t thereof, and deliver you into the hands of strangers, and will execute judgments among you. 
Ye shall fall by the sword; I will judge you in the border of Israel; and ye shall know that I am the LORD. 
This city shall not be yo
198, thou hast brought up out of the land of Egypt, unto the land which I sware unto Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, saying, Unto thy seed will I give it: 
And I will send an angel before thee; and I w
186,on: and the remnant of the Philistines shall perish, saith the Lord GOD. 
Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Tyrus, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereo
219,y us: 
If we believe not, yet he abideth faithful: he cannot deny himself. 
Of these things put them in remembrance, charging them before the Lord that they strive not about words to no profit, but to the subverting of 
215,s into lamentation; and I will bring up sackcloth upon all loins, and baldness upon every head; and I will make it as the mourning of an only son, and the end thereof as a bitter day. 
Behold, the days come, saith t
169,ing that moveth upon the earth. 
And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is
230,him, saying, Declare unto us the parable of the tares of the field. 
He answered and said unto them, He that soweth the good seed is the Son of man; 
The field is the world; the good seed are the children of the kingdom; but the t
185,d and twenty years old when he died: his eye was not dim, nor his natural force abated. 
And the children of Israel wept for Moses in the plains of Moab thirty days: so the days of weep
230,orth sin: and sin, when it is finished, bringeth forth death. 
Do not err, my beloved brethren. 
Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the Father of lights, with whom is no variableness, neithe
172,hat which was right in the eyes of the LORD: nevertheless the high places were not taken away; for the people offered and burnt incense yet in the high places. 
And Jehosha
213, house of their fathers among the thousands of Israel. 
And they came unto the children of Reuben, and to the children of Gad, and to the half tribe of Manasseh, unto the land of Gilead, and they spake with them, 
206,dren for ever, that we may do all the words of this law. 
And it shall come to pass, when all these things are come upon thee, the blessing and the curse, which I have set before thee, and thou shalt call t
239, the fatlings, and the lambs, and all that was good, and would not utterly destroy them: but every thing that was vile and refuse, that they destroyed utterly. 
Then came the word of the LORD unto Samuel, saying, 
It repenteth me that I ha
231,nd goeth out from thence to Hukkok, and reacheth to Zebulun on the south side, and reacheth to Asher on the west side, and to Judah upon Jordan toward the sunrising. 
And the fenced cities are Ziddim, Zer, and Hammath, Rakkath, and
174,otten thee? And again, I will be to him a Father, and he shall be to me a Son? 
And again, when he bringeth in the firstbegotten into the world, he saith, And let all the ang
218,nst the city, even behind the city: go not very far from the city, but be ye all ready: 
And I, and all the people that are with me, will approach unto the city: and it shall come to pass, when they come out against us
170, they had taken: 
And so was also James, and John, the sons of Zebedee, which were partners with Simon. And Jesus said unto Simon, Fear not; from henceforth thou shalt ca
186, hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him. 
We then, as workers together with him, beseech you also that ye receive not the 
224,of thy father, when they were in Egypt in Pharaoh's house? 
And did I choose him out of all the tribes of Israel to be my priest, to offer upon mine altar, to burn incense, to wear an ephod before me? and did I give unto the
218, high places; for the LORD hath rejected and forsaken the generation of his wrath. 
For the children of Judah have done evil in my sight, saith the LORD: they have set their abominations in the house which is called by
209,. 
And of the hundred talents of silver were cast the sockets of the sanctuary, and the sockets of the vail; an hundred sockets of the hundred talents, a talent for a socket. 
And of the thousand seven hundred
235,, if we follow on to know the LORD: his going forth is prepared as the morning; and he shall come unto us as the rain, as the latter and former rain unto the earth. 
O Ephraim, what shall I do unto thee? O Judah, what shall I do unto t
192,be amazed; the mighty men of Moab, trembling shall take hold upon them; all the inhabitants of Canaan shall melt away. 
Fear and dread shall fall upon them; by the greatness of thine arm they 
167,maiah the son of Hashub, the son of Azrikam, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Bunni; 
And Shabbethai and Jozabad, of the chief of the Levites, had the oversight of the
218,d then shall he have rejoicing in himself alone, and not in another. 
For every man shall bear his own burden. 
Let him that is taught in the word communicate unto him that teacheth in all good things. 
Be not deceived
189,d with the filthy conversation of the wicked: 
(For that righteous man dwelling among them, in seeing and hearing, vexed his righteous soul from day to day with their unlawful deeds;) 
The 
232, their idols; they shall even bear their iniquity. 
Yet they shall be ministers in my sanctuary, having charge at the gates of the house, and ministering to the house: they shall slay the burnt offering and the sacrifice for the peo
204, the troughs to water their father's flock. 
And the shepherds came and drove them away: but Moses stood up and helped them, and watered their flock. 
And when they came to Reuel their father, he said, Ho
203,us Christ. 
Wherefore also it is contained in the scripture, Behold, I lay in Sion a chief corner stone, elect, precious: and he that believeth on him shall not be confounded. 
Unto you therefore which b
236,s mine eye spared them from destroying them, neither did I make an end of them in the wilderness. 
But I said unto their children in the wilderness, Walk ye not in the statutes of your fathers, neither observe their judgments, nor defil
212,nst the south. 
And Huram made the pots, and the shovels, and the basons. And Huram finished the work that he was to make for king Solomon for the house of God; 
To wit, the two pillars, and the pommels, and the 
235,Hilkiah, 
The son of Amzi, the son of Bani, the son of Shamer, 
The son of Mahli, the son of Mushi, the son of Merari, the son of Levi. 
Their brethren also the Levites were appointed unto all manner of service of the tabernacle of the
179,t every man perfect in Christ Jesus: 
Whereunto I also labour, striving according to his working, which worketh in me mightily. 
For I would that ye knew what great conflict I hav
193,e not among winebibbers; among riotous eaters of flesh: 
For the drunkard and the glutton shall come to poverty: and drowsiness shall clothe a man with rags. 
Hearken unto thy father that begat
185,them at Laodicea, and for as many as have not seen my face in the flesh; 
That their hearts might be comforted, being knit together in love, and unto all riches of the full assurance of
217,the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts. 
For as the rain cometh down, and the snow from heaven, and returneth not thither, but watereth the earth, and maketh it bring forth
173,the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering: 
One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense: 
One young bullock, one ram, one lamb
224,ab, of Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelite; and the third, Absalom the son of Maacah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur; 
And the fourth, Adonijah the son of Haggith; and the fifth, Shephatiah the son of Abital; 
And 
166,nd Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam, 
And Mishma, and Dumah, and Massa, 
Hadar, and Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah: 
These are the sons of Ishmael, and these are thei
178,l that were reckoned by genealogies among the Levites. 
And thus did Hezekiah throughout all Judah, and wrought that which was good and right and truth before the LORD his God. 

185,their reproach, wherewith they have reproached thee, O Lord. 
So we thy people and sheep of thy pasture will give thee thanks for ever: we will shew forth thy praise to all generations.
189,s, but they hear not; neither is there any breath in their mouths. 
They that make them are like unto them: so is every one that trusteth in them. 
Bless the LORD, O house of Israel: bless 
233,t he did, and his might, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel? 
So Baasha slept with his fathers, and was buried in Tirzah: and Elah his son reigned in his stead. 
And also by the hand of the prop
183,at he may know to refuse the evil, and choose the good. 
For before the child shall know to refuse the evil, and choose the good, the land that thou abhorrest shall be forsaken of bot
218,and have gone and served other gods, and bowed yourselves to them; then shall the anger of the LORD be kindled against you, and ye shall perish quickly from off the good land which he hath given unto you. 
And Joshua g
187,things for the which the LORD thy God shall send thee to us. 
Whether it be good, or whether it be evil, we will obey the voice of the LORD our God, to whom we send thee; that it may be w
167, answered me again from heaven, What God hath cleansed, that call not thou common. 
And this was done three times: and all were drawn up again into heaven. 
And, behol
186,the world, and all things that come forth of it. 
For the indignation of the LORD is upon all nations, and his fury upon all their armies: he hath utterly destroyed them, he hath deliver
202,
And the king of Egypt called for the midwives, and said unto them, Why have ye done this thing, and have saved the men children alive? 
And the midwives said unto Pharaoh, Because the Hebrew women are 
205,king made a feast unto all the people that were present in Shushan the palace, both unto great and small, seven days, in the court of the garden of the king's palace; 
Where were white, green, and blue, ha
230,nd wouldest thou take away my son's mandrakes also? And Rachel said, Therefore he shall lie with thee to night for thy son's mandrakes. 
And Jacob came out of the field in the evening, and Leah went out to meet him, and said, Thou
188,ar, an officer of Pharaoh, captain of the guard, an Egyptian, bought him of the hands of the Ishmeelites, which had brought him down thither. 
And the LORD was with Joseph, and he was a pr
183,I am the LORD your God. 
Ye shall do no unrighteousness in judgment, in meteyard, in weight, or in measure. 
Just balances, just weights, a just ephah, and a just hin, shall ye have: 
240,cked poureth out evil things. 
The LORD is far from the wicked: but he heareth the prayer of the righteous. 
The light of the eyes rejoiceth the heart: and a good report maketh the bones fat. 
The ear that heareth the reproof of life abidet
193,eep they the king's laws: therefore it is not for the king's profit to suffer them. 
If it please the king, let it be written that they may be destroyed: and I will pay ten thousand talents of 
204, in it; it shall not be put out: and the priest shall burn wood on it every morning, and lay the burnt offering in order upon it; and he shall burn thereon the fat of the peace offerings. 
The fire shall 
160,e young man Absalom safe? And Cushi answered, The enemies of my lord the king, and all that rise against thee to do thee hurt, be as that young man is. 
And the
170,o the Barbarians; both to the wise, and to the unwise. 
So, as much as in me is, I am ready to preach the gospel to you that are at Rome also. 
For I am not ashamed of th
161,burial, because thou hast destroyed thy land, and slain thy people: the seed of evildoers shall never be renowned. 
Prepare slaughter for his children for the in
188,Jamin, and Eker. 
And the sons of Onam were, Shammai, and Jada. And the sons of Shammai; Nadab and Abishur. 
And the name of the wife of Abishur was Abihail, and she bare him Ahban, and Mo
163, see it. 
Arise, O LORD; O God, lift up thine hand: forget not the humble. 
Wherefore doth the wicked contemn God? he hath said in his heart, Thou wilt not require
184,ord of the Holy One of Israel. 
Therefore is the anger of the LORD kindled against his people, and he hath stretched forth his hand against them, and hath smitten them: and the hills d
172,d before thy foes, while that the sword of thine enemies overtaketh thee; or else three days the sword of the LORD, even the pestilence, in the land, and the angel of the L
228, things to thy heart, neither didst remember the latter end of it. 
Therefore hear now this, thou that art given to pleasures, that dwellest carelessly, that sayest in thine heart, I am, and none else beside me; I shall not sit 
189,em out unto you, and do ye to them as is good in your eyes: only unto these men do nothing; for therefore came they under the shadow of my roof. 
And they said, Stand back. And they said ag
168, should cast him out; and they could not. 
He answereth him, and saith, O faithless generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him unt
164,men? answer me. 
And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say, Why then did ye not believe him? 
But if we shall say, Of men
197,brought in bondage. 
For if after they have escaped the pollutions of the world through the knowledge of the Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein, and overcome, the latte
223,ioner is at an end, the spoiler ceaseth, the oppressors are consumed out of the land. 
And in mercy shall the throne be established: and he shall sit upon it in truth in the tabernacle of David, judging, and seeking judgmen
233,, and lettest such words go out of thy mouth? 
What is man, that he should be clean? and he which is born of a woman, that he should be righteous? 
Behold, he putteth no trust in his saints; yea, the heavens are not clean in his sigh
230,l such as joined themselves unto them, so as it should not fail, that they would keep these two days according to their writing, and according to their appointed time every year; 
And that these days should be remembered and kept 
168,ees were upon the posts thereof, on this side, and on that side: and the going up to it had eight steps. 
And he brought me to the north gate, and measured it according
206,spirit is better than the proud in spirit. 
Be not hasty in thy spirit to be angry: for anger resteth in the bosom of fools. 
Say not thou, What is the cause that the former days were better than these? for
224,, as he hath commanded us. 
When the LORD thy God shall bring thee into the land whither thou goest to possess it, and hath cast out many nations before thee, the Hittites, and the Girgashites, and the Amorites, and the Cana
179,shall I do when God riseth up? and when he visiteth, what shall I answer him? 
Did not he that made me in the womb make him? and did not one fashion us in the womb? 
If I have wit
218, for a sign unto thee upon thine hand, and for a memorial between thine eyes, that the LORD's law may be in thy mouth: for with a strong hand hath the LORD brought thee out of Egypt. 
Thou shalt therefore keep this ord
178, shall strike through kings in the day of his wrath. 
He shall judge among the heathen, he shall fill the places with the dead bodies; he shall wound the heads over many countrie
224,ill recompense thy way upon thine head, saith the Lord GOD: and thou shalt not commit this lewdness above all thine abominations. 
Behold, every one that useth proverbs shall use this proverb against thee, saying, As is the 
229,ael journeyed: and in the place where the cloud abode, there the children of Israel pitched their tents. 
At the commandment of the LORD the children of Israel journeyed, and at the commandment of the LORD they pitched: as long a
212,our's goods; and the owner of it shall accept thereof, and he shall not make it good. 
And if it be stolen from him, he shall make restitution unto the owner thereof. 
If it be torn in pieces, then let him bring 
179,njamin. Of the children of Judah; Athaiah the son of Uzziah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Amariah, the son of Shephatiah, the son of Mahalaleel, of the children of Perez; 
And
228,d promised. 
Therefore sprang there even of one, and him as good as dead, so many as the stars of the sky in multitude, and as the sand which is by the sea shore innumerable. 
These all died in faith, not having received the pro
207,r heads; and dominion was given to it. 
After this I saw in the night visions, and behold a fourth beast, dreadful and terrible, and strong exceedingly; and it had great iron teeth: it devoured and brake in 
212,, that say in the pride and stoutness of heart, 
The bricks are fallen down, but we will build with hewn stones: the sycomores are cut down, but we will change them into cedars. 
Therefore the LORD shall set up t
236, remove this cup from me: nevertheless not my will, but thine, be done. 
And there appeared an angel unto him from heaven, strengthening him. 
And being in an agony he prayed more earnestly: and his sweat was as it were great drops of b
220,the king's gate. 
And Mordecai told him of all that had happened unto him, and of the sum of the money that Haman had promised to pay to the king's treasuries for the Jews, to destroy them. 
Also he gave him the copy of 
176,whether we be sober, it is for your cause. 
For the love of Christ constraineth us; because we thus judge, that if one died for all, then were all dead: 
And that he died for a
232,he might find any thing thereon: and when he came to it, he found nothing but leaves; for the time of figs was not yet. 
And Jesus answered and said unto it, No man eat fruit of thee hereafter for ever. And his disciples heard it. 

215,es, and for each one an ox: and they brought them before the tabernacle. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Take it of them, that they may be to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation; and thou s
221,name of greatness and terribleness, by driving out nations from before thy people whom thou hast redeemed out of Egypt? 
For thy people Israel didst thou make thine own people for ever; and thou, LORD, becamest their God.
177,rtheless my lovingkindness will I not utterly take from him, nor suffer my faithfulness to fail. 
My covenant will I not break, nor alter the thing that is gone out of my lips. 
192,yra, a city of Lycia. 
And there the centurion found a ship of Alexandria sailing into Italy; and he put us therein. 
And when we had sailed slowly many days, and scarce were come over against
216,ehold, I have heard that there is corn in Egypt: get you down thither, and buy for us from thence; that we may live, and not die. 
And Joseph's ten brethren went down to buy corn in Egypt. 
But Benjamin, Joseph's bro
194,lt say. 
And he said, O my LORD, send, I pray thee, by the hand of him whom thou wilt send. 
And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Moses, and he said, Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother
162,e LORD: and thou shalt be called, Sought out, A city not forsaken. 
Who is this that cometh from Edom, with dyed garments from Bozrah? this that is glorious in hi
173,see them shall flee away. 
And all men shall fear, and shall declare the work of God; for they shall wisely consider of his doing. 
The righteous shall be glad in the LORD, 
177,awest upon the beast, these shall hate the whore, and shall make her desolate and naked, and shall eat her flesh, and burn her with fire. 
For God hath put in their hearts to fu
222,ople, Behold, the people of the children of Israel are more and mightier than we: 
Come on, let us deal wisely with them; lest they multiply, and it come to pass, that, when there falleth out any war, they join also unto o
200, not be left here one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down. 
And as he sat upon the mount of Olives, the disciples came unto him privately, saying, Tell us, when shall these things be? an
189,hree thousand, all males from a month old and upward: for they were not numbered among the children of Israel, because there was no inheritance given them among the children of Israel. 
The
204,ong, having Judah and Benjamin on his side. 
And the priests and the Levites that were in all Israel resorted to him out of all their coasts. 
For the Levites left their suburbs and their possession, and 
212,at is therein, by the hand of strangers: I the LORD have spoken it. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will also destroy the idols, and I will cause their images to cease out of Noph; and there shall be no more a prince
204,se of Judah: I, even I, will tear and go away; I will take away, and none shall rescue him. 
I will go and return to my place, till they acknowledge their offence, and seek my face: in their affliction th
234,behold the land that is very far off. 
Thine heart shall meditate terror. Where is the scribe? where is the receiver? where is he that counted the towers? 
Thou shalt not see a fierce people, a people of a deeper speech than thou cans
193,m glad for your sakes that I was not there, to the intent ye may believe; nevertheless let us go unto him. 
Then said Thomas, which is called Didymus, unto his fellowdisciples, Let us also go, 
172,l say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. 
And it came to pass, as he went into the house of one of the chief Pharisees to eat bread on the sabbath day, tha
204,nd thou shalt beat in pieces many people: and I will consecrate their gain unto the LORD, and their substance unto the Lord of the whole earth. 
Now gather thyself in troops, O daughter of troops: he hath
198,cornful men bring a city into a snare: but wise men turn away wrath. 
If a wise man contendeth with a foolish man, whether he rage or laugh, there is no rest. 
The bloodthirsty hate the upright: but
170,ne stick, and write upon it, For Judah, and for the children of Israel his companions: then take another stick, and write upon it, For Joseph, the stick of Ephraim and fo
175,ession. 
But if he be not able to restore it to him, then that which is sold shall remain in the hand of him that hath bought it until the year of jubile: and in the jubile it
172,hem in this matter, and proved them ten days. 
And at the end of ten days their countenances appeared fairer and fatter in flesh than all the children which did eat the por
227,h perished at Endor: they became as dung for the earth. 
Make their nobles like Oreb, and like Zeeb: yea, all their princes as Zebah, and as Zalmunna: 
Who said, Let us take to ourselves the houses of God in possession. 
O my G
188,and said, Go ye, sacrifice to your God in the land. 
And Moses said, It is not meet so to do; for we shall sacrifice the abomination of the Egyptians to the LORD our God: lo, shall we sacr
189,e lot of his inheritance. 
He found him in a desert land, and in the waste howling wilderness; he led him about, he instructed him, he kept him as the apple of his eye. 
As an eagle stirret
192,made known to thee this day, even to thee. 
Have not I written to thee excellent things in counsels and knowledge, 
That I might make thee know the certainty of the words of truth; that thou m
214, beginning, inasmuch as thou followedst not young men, whether poor or rich. 
And now, my daughter, fear not; I will do to thee all that thou requirest: for all the city of my people doth know that thou art a virtu
177,r children to wrath: but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. 
Servants, be obedient to them that are your masters according to the flesh, with fear and trem
232,hall her name be. 
And I will bless her, and give thee a son also of her: yea, I will bless her, and she shall be a mother of nations; kings of people shall be of her. 
Then Abraham fell upon his face, and laughed, and said in his h
164,ny time thou dash thy foot against a stone. 
And Jesus answering said unto him, It is said, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God. 
And when the devil had ended all
240,night. 
And it was told David what Rizpah the daughter of Aiah, the concubine of Saul, had done. 
And David went and took the bones of Saul and the bones of Jonathan his son from the men of Jabeshgilead, which had stolen them from the stree
231,eakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful: 
Who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them. 
Therefore thou art 
200,he officers of his house, that they should do according to every man's pleasure. 
Also Vashti the queen made a feast for the women in the royal house which belonged to king Ahasuerus. 
On the seventh 
166,d said, Surely the LORD's anointed is before him. 
But the LORD said unto Samuel, Look not on his countenance, or on the height of his stature; because I have refused
230,rd proceed out of your mouth, until the day I bid you shout; then shall ye shout. 
So the ark of the LORD compassed the city, going about it once: and they came into the camp, and lodged in the camp. 
And Joshua rose early in the 
180,in the Lord greatly, that now at the last your care of me hath flourished again; wherein ye were also careful, but ye lacked opportunity. 
Not that I speak in respect of want: for 
222, king delighteth to honour, 
Let the royal apparel be brought which the king useth to wear, and the horse that the king rideth upon, and the crown royal which is set upon his head: 
And let this apparel and horse be delive
208,f the power may be of God, and not of us. 
We are troubled on every side, yet not distressed; we are perplexed, but not in despair; 
Persecuted, but not forsaken; cast down, but not destroyed; 
Always bearing
173, the house of him that sweareth falsely by my name: and it shall remain in the midst of his house, and shall consume it with the timber thereof and the stones thereof. 
Then
191,oodness of the LORD in the land of the living. 
Wait on the LORD: be of good courage, and he shall strengthen thine heart: wait, I say, on the LORD. 
Unto thee will I cry, O LORD my rock; be 
174,aw that it was good. 
And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and o
195,ettle shall be two cubits, and the breadth one cubit; and from the lesser settle even to the greater settle shall be four cubits, and the breadth one cubit. 
So the altar shall be four cubits; an
234, Lord GOD. 
Ye shall have just balances, and a just ephah, and a just bath. 
The ephah and the bath shall be of one measure, that the bath may contain the tenth part of an homer, and the ephah the tenth part of an homer: the measure t
189,people? and the things that are coming, and shall come, let them shew unto them. 
Fear ye not, neither be afraid: have not I told thee from that time, and have declared it? ye are even my w
209,hem, and they died before the LORD. 
Then Moses said unto Aaron, This is it that the LORD spake, saying, I will be sanctified in them that come nigh me, and before all the people I will be glorified. And Aaron
178,of a multitude being at ease was with her: and with the men of the common sort were brought Sabeans from the wilderness, which put bracelets upon their hands, and beautiful crown
183,he goodness of the LORD. 
By the word of the LORD were the heavens made; and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth. 
He gathereth the waters of the sea together as an heap: 
171, terribly the earth. 
Cease ye from man, whose breath is in his nostrils: for wherein is he to be accounted of ? 
For, behold, the Lord, the LORD of hosts, doth take away 
219,aham circumcised, and Ishmael his son. 
And all the men of his house, born in the house, and bought with money of the stranger, were circumcised with him. 
And the LORD appeared unto him in the plains of Mamre: and he s
171,with the LORD hath afflicted me in the day of his fierce anger. 
From above hath he sent fire into my bones, and it prevaileth against them: he hath spread a net for my fe
227,in his stead. 
In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz came unto him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order: for thou shalt die, and not live. 
Then Hezekiah
163,ent, therefore the misery of man is great upon him. 
For he knoweth not that which shall be: for who can tell him when it shall be? 
There is no man that hath powe
239,the rampart and the wall to lament; they languished together. 
Her gates are sunk into the ground; he hath destroyed and broken her bars: her king and her princes are among the Gentiles: the law is no more; her prophets also find no vision
175,ut if ye be led of the Spirit, ye are not under the law. 
Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, 
Idolat
238,o his father, Get her for me; for she pleaseth me well. 
But his father and his mother knew not that it was of the LORD, that he sought an occasion against the Philistines: for at that time the Philistines had dominion over Israel. 
Then 
229,th forth the heavens, and layeth the foundation of the earth, and formeth the spirit of man within him. 
Behold, I will make Jerusalem a cup of trembling unto all the people round about, when they shall be in the siege both again
220,ullock, and his horns are like the horns of unicorns: with them he shall push the people together to the ends of the earth: and they are the ten thousands of Ephraim, and they are the thousands of Manasseh. 
And of Zebul
190, the slain that lie in the grave, whom thou rememberest no more: and they are cut off from thy hand. 
Thou hast laid me in the lowest pit, in darkness, in the deeps. 
Thy wrath lieth hard up
171,lowest hell. 
O God, the proud are risen against me, and the assemblies of violent men have sought after my soul; and have not set thee before them. 
But thou, O Lord, art
230,lents of silver. 
But there came a man of God to him, saying, O king, let not the army of Israel go with thee; for the LORD is not with Israel, to wit, with all the children of Ephraim. 
But if thou wilt go, do it; be strong for t
205,ame is the LORD of hosts. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; The broad walls of Babylon shall be utterly broken, and her high gates shall be burned with fire; and the people shall labour in vain, and the folk 
204,is younger son had done unto him. 
And he said, Cursed be Canaan; a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren. 
And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant. 
God 
208, would go to Jerusalem. 
And when his disciples James and John saw this, they said, Lord, wilt thou that we command fire to come down from heaven, and consume them, even as Elias did? 
But he turned, and rebu
226,ngs which were spoken of him. 
And Simeon blessed them, and said unto Mary his mother, Behold, this child is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel; and for a sign which shall be spoken against; 
(Yea, a sword sha
185,And the prince of the tribe of the children of Issachar, Paltiel the son of Azzan. 
And the prince of the tribe of the children of Asher, Ahihud the son of Shelomi. 
And the prince of t
185,through the land of Egypt this night, and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast; and against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgment: I am the LORD
187,ersecute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done these things on the sabbath day. 
But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work. 
Therefore the Jews sought t
219,d part of an hin of wine, for a sweet savour unto the LORD. 
And when thou preparest a bullock for a burnt offering, or for a sacrifice in performing a vow, or peace offerings unto the LORD: 
Then shall he bring with a 
190, far from me, O LORD: O my strength, haste thee to help me. 
Deliver my soul from the sword; my darling from the power of the dog. 
Save me from the lion's mouth: for thou hast heard me from
213,And Joab said unto him, Thou shalt not bear tidings this day, but thou shalt bear tidings another day: but this day thou shalt bear no tidings, because the king's son is dead. 
Then said Joab to Cushi, Go tell the
231,gue of the Jews. 
These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were so. 
Therefore many of them believed; also 
165,delivered from unreasonable and wicked men: for all men have not faith. 
But the Lord is faithful, who shall stablish you, and keep you from evil. 
And we have confi
160,Jesus Christ according to my gospel. 
Behold, thou art called a Jew, and restest in the law, and makest thy boast of God, 
And knowest his will, and approvest t
198,from a month old and upward: for they were not numbered among the children of Israel, because there was no inheritance given them among the children of Israel. 
These are they that were numbered by 
206,saw by the river Chebar; and I fell upon my face. 
And the glory of the LORD came into the house by the way of the gate whose prospect is toward the east. 
So the spirit took me up, and brought me into the 
182,sing praise. Then Athaliah rent her clothes, and said, Treason, Treason. 
Then Jehoiada the priest brought out the captains of hundreds that were set over the host, and said unto the
227,
Then if any man shall say unto you, Lo, here is Christ, or there; believe it not. 
For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall
173,est me I have given them; that they may be one, even as we are one: 
I in them, and thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one; and that the world may know that thou h
234,ar any more. 
But they shall sit every man under his vine and under his fig tree; and none shall make them afraid: for the mouth of the LORD of hosts hath spoken it. 
For all people will walk every one in the name of his god, and we w
236,derstanding, hear this: hearken to the voice of my words. 
Shall even he that hateth right govern? and wilt thou condemn him that is most just? 
Is it fit to say to a king, Thou art wicked? and to princes, Ye are ungodly? 
How much less
170, ark of the covenant of the LORD. 
And the oracle in the forepart was twenty cubits in length, and twenty cubits in breadth, and twenty cubits in the height thereof: and 
189,hese are the names of the dukes that came of Esau, according to their families, after their places, by their names; duke Timnah, duke Alvah, duke Jetheth, 
Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke 
240,eace of Jerusalem: they shall prosper that love thee. 
Peace be within thy walls, and prosperity within thy palaces. 
For my brethren and companions' sakes, I will now say, Peace be within thee. 
Because of the house of the LORD our God I w
239, thy pilots. 
And all that handle the oar, the mariners, and all the pilots of the sea, shall come down from their ships, they shall stand upon the land; 
And shall cause their voice to be heard against thee, and shall cry bitterly, and sh
192,and of the Chaldeans: Surely the least of the flock shall draw them out: surely he shall make their habitation desolate with them. 
At the noise of the taking of Babylon the earth is moved, an
167, Moses. 
And all the people saw the cloudy pillar stand at the tabernacle door: and all the people rose up and worshipped, every man in his tent door. 
And the LORD sp
203,g to him, Thy daughter is dead; trouble not the Master. 
But when Jesus heard it, he answered him, saying, Fear not: believe only, and she shall be made whole. 
And when he came into the house, he suffer
167,gs into the house of the LORD. 
And they stood in their place after their manner, according to the law of Moses the man of God: the priests sprinkled the blood, which 
224,vid played with his hand, as at other times: and there was a javelin in Saul's hand. 
And Saul cast the javelin; for he said, I will smite David even to the wall with it. And David avoided out of his presence twice. 
And Sau
165,nctified, but ye are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the Spirit of our God. 
All things are lawful unto me, but all things are not expedient: all thi
184, were edified; and walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied. 
And it came to pass, as Peter passed throughout all quarters, he came down a
216, this Daniel prospered in the reign of Darius, and in the reign of Cyrus the Persian. 
In the first year of Belshazzar king of Babylon Daniel had a dream and visions of his head upon his bed: then he wrote the dream,
206,ce from me? 
I am afflicted and ready to die from my youth up: while I suffer thy terrors I am distracted. 
Thy fierce wrath goeth over me; thy terrors have cut me off. 
They came round about me daily like 
221,untries wherein ye are scattered, with a mighty hand, and with a stretched out arm, and with fury poured out. 
And I will bring you into the wilderness of the people, and there will I plead with you face to face. 
Like as
163,ael strengthened himself, and sat upon the bed. 
And Jacob said unto Joseph, God Almighty appeared unto me at Luz in the land of Canaan, and blessed me, 
And said 
217, the body; but he that committeth fornication sinneth against his own body. 
What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own? 
For ye are
188,wept for him. 
And the Midianites sold him into Egypt unto Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, and captain of the guard. 
And it came to pass at that time, that Judah went down from his bre
227,wned him in the day of his espousals, and in the day of the gladness of his heart. 
Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair; thou hast doves' eyes within thy locks: thy hair is as a flock of goats, that appear fro
204,ore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit. 
For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and 
233,What will ye? shall I come unto you with a rod, or in love, and in the spirit of meekness? 
It is reported commonly that there is fornication among you, and such fornication as is not so much as named among the Gentiles, that one sho
227, delivered. 
And there appeared another wonder in heaven; and behold a great red dragon, having seven heads and ten horns, and seven crowns upon his heads. 
And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did cast 
209,r threatenings: and grant unto thy servants, that with all boldness they may speak thy word, 
By stretching forth thine hand to heal; and that signs and wonders may be done by the name of thy holy child Jesus.
188,ince that dwelt in Jerusalem: but in the cities of Judah dwelt every one in his possession in their cities, to wit, Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the Nethinims, and the childre
184,and certain Edomites of his father's servants with him, to go into Egypt; Hadad being yet a little child. 
And they arose out of Midian, and came to Paran: and they took men with them 
228,words, then they should have turned them from their evil way, and from the evil of their doings. 
Am I a God at hand, saith the LORD, and not a God afar off? 
Can any hide himself in secret places that I shall not see him? saith
201,the wilderness, where he encamped at the mount of God: 
And he said unto Moses, I thy father in law Jethro am come unto thee, and thy wife, and her two sons with her. 
And Moses went out to meet his fa
233,were all their lifetime subject to bondage. 
For verily he took not on him the nature of angels; but he took on him the seed of Abraham. 
Wherefore in all things it behoved him to be made like unto his brethren, that he might be a me
215, or crown of rejoicing? Are not even ye in the presence of our Lord Jesus Christ at his coming? 
For ye are our glory and joy. 
Wherefore when we could no longer forbear, we thought it good to be left at Athens alon
180, sprinkle it upon the tent, and upon all the vessels, and upon the persons that were there, and upon him that touched a bone, or one slain, or one dead, or a grave: 
And the clean 
237,y may sing praise to thee, and not be silent. O LORD my God, I will give thanks unto thee for ever. 
In thee, O LORD, do I put my trust; let me never be ashamed: deliver me in thy righteousness. 
Bow down thine ear to me; deliver me spee
203, unclean until the even. 
And he that burneth her shall wash his clothes in water, and bathe his flesh in water, and shall be unclean until the even. 
And a man that is clean shall gather up the ashes of
213,briety. 
This is a true saying, if a man desire the office of a bishop, he desireth a good work. 
A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behaviour, given to hospitality,
185, and dwell therein in safety. 
And if ye shall say, What shall we eat the seventh year? behold, we shall not sow, nor gather in our increase: 
Then I will command my blessing upon you i
195,. 
The mountains skipped like rams, and the little hills like lambs. 
What ailed thee, O thou sea, that thou fleddest? thou Jordan, that thou wast driven back? 
Ye mountains, that ye skipped like
215,o the hand of the heathen; and they that hated them ruled over them. 
Their enemies also oppressed them, and they were brought into subjection under their hand. 
Many times did he deliver them; but they provoked him
175,umbered from twenty years old and above: 
Because their office was to wait on the sons of Aaron for the service of the house of the LORD, in the courts, and in the chambers, a
219,ccomplished, he departed to his own house. 
And after those days his wife Elisabeth conceived, and hid herself five months, saying, 
Thus hath the Lord dealt with me in the days wherein he looked on me, to take away my 
181, camp, saying, Let neither man nor woman make any more work for the offering of the sanctuary. So the people were restrained from bringing. 
For the stuff they had was sufficient fo
166,ope that is seen is not hope: for what a man seeth, why doth he yet hope for? 
But if we hope for that we see not, then do we with patience wait for it. 
Likewise the
178,s, with their princes, and with their precious vessels of silver and of gold; and he shall continue more years than the king of the north. 
So the king of the south shall come in
170,ore Pharaoh, and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, Let my people go, that they may serve me. 
For I will at this time send all my plagues upon thine h
182, to watch. 
Watch ye therefore: for ye know not when the master of the house cometh, at even, or at midnight, or at the cockcrowing, or in the morning: 
Lest coming suddenly he find 
186, whom Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria carried away captive: he was prince of the Reubenites. 
And his brethren by their families, when the genealogy of their generations was reckoned, we
201,f Babylon had made governor over the land. 
Ishmael also slew all the Jews that were with him, even with Gedaliah, at Mizpah, and the Chaldeans that were found there, and the men of war. 
And it came t
207, of God of none effect by your tradition. 
Ye hypocrites, well did Esaias prophesy of you, saying, 
This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is far
165,ripped themselves of their ornaments by the mount Horeb. 
And Moses took the tabernacle, and pitched it without the camp, afar off from the camp, and called it the T
202, him; but there was no sword in the hand of David. 
Therefore David ran, and stood upon the Philistine, and took his sword, and drew it out of the sheath thereof, and slew him, and cut off his head ther
193,stretched forth his hands to vex certain of the church. 
And he killed James the brother of John with the sword. 
And because he saw it pleased the Jews, he proceeded further to take Peter also
208,t is sown a natural body; it is raised a spiritual body. There is a natural body, and there is a spiritual body. 
And so it is written, The first man Adam was made a living soul; the last Adam was made a quic
167, have wrought, in that they are turned unto other gods. 
Now therefore write ye this song for you, and teach it the children of Israel: put it in their mouths, that th
206,ve stones out of the midst of Jordan, as the LORD spake unto Joshua, according to the number of the tribes of the children of Israel, and carried them over with them unto the place where they lodged, and la
239,on his own head, who fell upon two men more righteous and better than he, and slew them with the sword, my father David not knowing thereof, to wit, Abner the son of Ner, captain of the host of Israel, and Amasa the son of Jether, captain 
198,aoh, and to all his servants, and to all his land, 
And in all that mighty hand, and in all the great terror which Moses shewed in the sight of all Israel. 
Now after the death of Moses the servant 
208,man's sons; we are true men, thy servants are no spies. 
And he said unto them, Nay, but to see the nakedness of the land ye are come. 
And they said, Thy servants are twelve brethren, the sons of one man in 
160,irst part for himself, because there, in a portion of the lawgiver, was he seated; and he came with the heads of the people, he executed the justice of the LORD
214, thy head from off thee, and shall hang thee on a tree; and the birds shall eat thy flesh from off thee. 
And it came to pass the third day, which was Pharaoh's birthday, that he made a feast unto all his servants:
237,us shortly unto you, that I also may be of good comfort, when I know your state. 
For I have no man likeminded, who will naturally care for your state. 
For all seek their own, not the things which are Jesus Christ's. 
But ye know the pr
189,sh, a male of the first year: ye shall take it out from the sheep, or from the goats: 
And ye shall keep it up until the fourteenth day of the same month: and the whole assembly of the cong
167,r his image, and over his mark, and over the number of his name, stand on the sea of glass, having the harps of God. 
And they sing the song of Moses the servant of Go
164,Doth the plowman plow all day to sow? doth he open and break the clods of his ground? 
When he hath made plain the face thereof, doth he not cast abroad the fitches
218,l thy soul; 
That then the LORD thy God will turn thy captivity, and have compassion upon thee, and will return and gather thee from all the nations, whither the LORD thy God hath scattered thee. 
If any of thine be dr
176,gation. 
Withhold not thou thy tender mercies from me, O LORD: let thy lovingkindness and thy truth continually preserve me. 
For innumerable evils have compassed me about: min
195,, saying, 
Son of man, they that inhabit those wastes of the land of Israel speak, saying, Abraham was one, and he inherited the land: but we are many; the land is given us for inheritance. 
Wher
198,ad his royal pavilion over them. 
And when he cometh, he shall smite the land of Egypt, and deliver such as are for death to death; and such as are for captivity to captivity; and such as are for th
212,e former days, saith the LORD of hosts. 
For the seed shall be prosperous; the vine shall give her fruit, and the ground shall give her increase, and the heavens shall give their dew; and I will cause the remnant
201,g, there came also another, and said, The fire of God is fallen from heaven, and hath burned up the sheep, and the servants, and consumed them; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee. 
While he was y
162,nd my brethren! 
For whosoever shall do the will of God, the same is my brother, and my sister, and mother. 
And he began again to teach by the sea side: and ther
234,hmoni was with the king's sons: 
And Ahithophel was the king's counsellor: and Hushai the Archite was the king's companion: 
And after Ahithophel was Jehoiada the son of Benaiah, and Abiathar: and the general of the king's army was Jo
171,y of God. 
For which cause we faint not; but though our outward man perish, yet the inward man is renewed day by day. 
For our light affliction, which is but for a moment,
196, and that very worthy deeds are done unto this nation by thy providence, 
We accept it always, and in all places, most noble Felix, with all thankfulness. 
Notwithstanding, that I be not further t
187, the day of grief and of desperate sorrow. 
Woe to the multitude of many people, which make a noise like the noise of the seas; and to the rushing of nations, that make a rushing like the
214,n. 
And there shall cleave nought of the cursed thing to thine hand: that the LORD may turn from the fierceness of his anger, and shew thee mercy, and have compassion upon thee, and multiply thee, as he hath sworn 
181,d they shall rule over their oppressors. 
And it shall come to pass in the day that the LORD shall give thee rest from thy sorrow, and from thy fear, and from the hard bondage where
221,e choice fir trees thereof: and I will enter into the height of his border, and the forest of his Carmel. 
I have digged, and drunk water; and with the sole of my feet have I dried up all the rivers of the besieged places
167,ed them, and served them: therefore hath the LORD brought upon them all this evil. 
And it came to pass at the end of twenty years, when Solomon had built the two hous
194,or of the tabernacle of the congregation, even a ram for a trespass offering. 
And the priest shall make an atonement for him with the ram of the trespass offering before the LORD for his sin wh
203,ys will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them, and then shall they fast in those days. 
No man also seweth a piece of new cloth on an old garment: else the new piece that filled it up t
180, shall deny me before men, him will I also deny before my Father which is in heaven. 
Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword. 
For I
194,oboam the son of Nebat, and like the house of Baasha the son of Ahijah, for the provocation wherewith thou hast provoked me to anger, and made Israel to sin. 
And of Jezebel also spake the LORD,
160,an that is a Jew to keep company, or come unto one of another nation; but God hath shewed me that I should not call any man common or unclean. 
Therefore came I
198,; Arise ye, go up to Kedar, and spoil the men of the east. 
Their tents and their flocks shall they take away: they shall take to themselves their curtains, and all their vessels, and their camels; 
215, seeing in your answers there remaineth falsehood? 
Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said, 
Can a man be profitable unto God, as he that is wise may be profitable unto himself? 
Is it any pleasure to the Almig
177,er be in adversity. 
His mouth is full of cursing and deceit and fraud: under his tongue is mischief and vanity. 
He sitteth in the lurking places of the villages: in the secret
192, the principal of the flock to escape. 
A voice of the cry of the shepherds, and an howling of the principal of the flock, shall be heard: for the LORD hath spoiled their pasture. 
And the pea
169,e womb to see labour and sorrow, that my days should be consumed with shame? 
The word which came unto Jeremiah from the LORD, when king Zedekiah sent unto him Pashur th
231,ye are manifestly declared to be the epistle of Christ ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the Spirit of the living God; not in tables of stone, but in fleshy tables of the heart. 
And such trust have we through Christ
188,at time. 
And when Herod saw Jesus, he was exceeding glad: for he was desirous to see him of a long season, because he had heard many things of him; and he hoped to have seen some miracle 
170,Angel before thee, to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared. 
Beware of him, and obey his voice, provoke him not; for he will not p
222,and wished in himself to die, and said, It is better for me to die than to live. 
And God said to Jonah, Doest thou well to be angry for the gourd? And he said, I do well to be angry, even unto death. 
Then said the LORD, 
189,om them that pass by securely as men averse from war. 
The women of my people have ye cast out from their pleasant houses; from their children have ye taken away my glory for ever. 
Arise y
183,ve them, as the days of heaven upon the earth. 
For if ye shall diligently keep all these commandments which I command you, to do them, to love the LORD your God, to walk in all his w
230, face, and blessed the whole congregation of Israel: and all the congregation of Israel stood. 
And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, who hath with his hands fulfilled that which he spake with his mouth to my father Davi
225, and gave him Isaac. 
And I gave unto Isaac Jacob and Esau: and I gave unto Esau mount Seir, to possess it; but Jacob and his children went down into Egypt. 
I sent Moses also and Aaron, and I plagued Egypt, according to that
240, new jawbone of an ass, and put forth his hand, and took it, and slew a thousand men therewith. 
And Samson said, With the jawbone of an ass, heaps upon heaps, with the jaw of an ass have I slain a thousand men. 
And it came to pass, when h
178,han my fathers. 
And as he lay and slept under a juniper tree, behold, then an angel touched him, and said unto him, Arise and eat. 
And he looked, and, behold, there was a cake 
200,; for that ye did desire. And they were driven out from Pharaoh's presence. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand over the land of Egypt for the locusts, that they may come up upon the
233,ll all be fulfilled. 
Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away. 
And take heed to yourselves, lest at any time your hearts be overcharged with surfeiting, and drunkenness, and cares of this life, and so that
207,children of Joseph were two tribes, Manasseh and Ephraim: therefore they gave no part unto the Levites in the land, save cities to dwell in, with their suburbs for their cattle and for their substance. 
As t
173,ezzar: and he was driven from men, and did eat grass as oxen, and his body was wet with the dew of heaven, till his hairs were grown like eagles' feathers, and his nails lik
229,y me, being mine enemies wrongfully, are mighty: then I restored that which I took not away. 
O God, thou knowest my foolishness; and my sins are not hid from thee. 
Let not them that wait on thee, O Lord GOD of hosts, be ashamed
193, hosts that the people shall labour in the very fire, and the people shall weary themselves for very vanity? 
For the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the LORD, as the w
169,t before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee. 
Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told m
199,Nay but, O man, who art thou that repliest against God? Shall the thing formed say to him that formed it, Why hast thou made me thus? 
Hath not the potter power over the clay, of the same lump to mak
206,est in the kingdom of heaven? 
And Jesus called a little child unto him, and set him in the midst of them, 
And said, Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall n
218,ow, I have taken upon me to speak unto the LORD: Peradventure there shall be twenty found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for twenty's sake. 
And he said, Oh let not the LORD be angry, and I will speak yet bu
185,condemning him. 
And though they found no cause of death in him, yet desired they Pilate that he should be slain. 
And when they had fulfilled all that was written of him, they took him
169, the LORD. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
The daughters of Zelophehad speak right: thou shalt surely give them a possession of an inheritance among their fathe
178,ck, there shall not come thither the fear of briers and thorns: but it shall be for the sending forth of oxen, and for the treading of lesser cattle. 
Moreover the LORD said unto
199,God enlarge thy coast, as he hath sworn unto thy fathers, and give thee all the land which he promised to give unto thy fathers; 
If thou shalt keep all these commandments to do them, which I command
187, himself drunk in the pavilions, he and the kings, the thirty and two kings that helped him. 
And the young men of the princes of the provinces went out first; and Benhadad sent out, and 
192, and the breadth a cubit, and the border thereof by the edge thereof round about shall be a span: and this shall be the higher place of the altar. 
And from the bottom upon the ground even to 
224, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them. 
Therefore thou art inexcusable, O man, whosoever thou art that judgest: for wherein thou judgest another, thou condemnest thyself; for thou that judgest doest t
192,did, and how the war prospered. 
And David said to Uriah, Go down to thy house, and wash thy feet. And Uriah departed out of the king's house, and there followed him a mess of meat from the ki
210,ets, and the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem. 
And they have turned unto me the back, and not the face: though I taught them, rising up early and teaching them, yet they have not hearkened to rec
237,eth the land, and it shall melt, and all that dwell therein shall mourn: and it shall rise up wholly like a flood; and shall be drowned, as by the flood of Egypt. 
It is he that buildeth his stories in the heaven, and hath founded his tr
179,Uzziel. 
And their charge shall be the ark, and the table, and the candlestick, and the altars, and the vessels of the sanctuary wherewith they minister, and the hanging, and all 
194, 
For though ye have ten thousand instructers in Christ, yet have ye not many fathers: for in Christ Jesus I have begotten you through the gospel. 
Wherefore I beseech you, be ye followers of me
187,dgment is true: for I am not alone, but I and the Father that sent me. 
It is also written in your law, that the testimony of two men is true. 
I am one that bear witness of myself, and t
175,er; for he was cut off from the house of the LORD: and Jotham his son was over the king's house, judging the people of the land. 
Now the rest of the acts of Uzziah, first and
189, upon horses, every one put in array, like a man to the battle, against thee, O daughter of Babylon. 
The king of Babylon hath heard the report of them, and his hands waxed feeble: anguish 
179, 
And this I say, that the covenant, that was confirmed before of God in Christ, the law, which was four hundred and thirty years after, cannot disannul, that it should make the p
185,he street of the great city, which spiritually is called Sodom and Egypt, where also our Lord was crucified. 
And they of the people and kindreds and tongues and nations shall see their
164,unleavened bread, and in the feast of weeks, and in the feast of tabernacles: and they shall not appear before the LORD empty: 
Every man shall give as he is able, 
197,he LORD. 
Then said Jesus to them again, Peace be unto you: as my Father hath sent me, even so send I you. 
And when he had said this, he breathed on them, and saith unto them, Receive ye the Holy 
236,
To make known to the sons of men his mighty acts, and the glorious majesty of his kingdom. 
Thy kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and thy dominion endureth throughout all generations. 
The LORD upholdeth all that fall, and raiseth up 
212,ou first bring Michal Saul's daughter, when thou comest to see my face. 
And David sent messengers to Ishbosheth Saul's son, saying, Deliver me my wife Michal, which I espoused to me for an hundred foreskins of t
162,r of God was on all the kingdoms of those countries, when they had heard that the LORD fought against the enemies of Israel. 
So the realm of Jehoshaphat was quie
228, two thousand and two hundred. 
The children of Gad after their families: of Zephon, the family of the Zephonites: of Haggi, the family of the Haggites: of Shuni, the family of the Shunites: 
Of Ozni, the family of the Oznites: 
194,houlderpieces of the ephod, before it. 
And they made two rings of gold, and put them on the two ends of the breastplate, upon the border of it, which was on the side of the ephod inward. 
And t
207,God: 
And, being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father, which, saith he, ye have heard of me. 
For John truly baptize
172, him, Behold, thine handmaid hath obeyed thy voice, and I have put my life in my hand, and have hearkened unto thy words which thou spakest unto me. 
Now therefore, I pray 
236,ll be made with leaven: for ye shall burn no leaven, nor any honey, in any offering of the LORD made by fire. 
As for the oblation of the firstfruits, ye shall offer them unto the LORD: but they shall not be burnt on the altar for a swe
191,te asked him, Art thou the King of the Jews? And he answering said unto them, Thou sayest it. 
And the chief priests accused him of many things: but he answered nothing. 
And Pilate asked him
214,eople; 
A light to lighten the Gentiles, and the glory of thy people Israel. 
And Joseph and his mother marvelled at those things which were spoken of him. 
And Simeon blessed them, and said unto Mary his mother, B
191, thou knowest thy servant. 
O LORD, for thy servant's sake, and according to thine own heart, hast thou done all this greatness, in making known all these great things. 
O LORD, there is none
231, stalls for all manner of beasts, and cotes for flocks. 
Moreover he provided him cities, and possessions of flocks and herds in abundance: for God had given him substance very much. 
This same Hezekiah also stopped the upper water
234,ity Rehoboth, and Calah, 
And Resen between Nineveh and Calah: the same is a great city. 
And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim, 
And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (out of whom came Philistim,) and Caphtorim. 
And
189,th you rest from all your enemies round about, so that ye dwell in safety; 
Then there shall be a place which the LORD your God shall choose to cause his name to dwell there; thither shall 
234,r mother, it is wickedness: they shall be burnt with fire, both he and they; that there be no wickedness among you. 
And if a man lie with a beast, he shall surely be put to death: and ye shall slay the beast. 
And if a woman approach
217,t him, even against Naboth, in the presence of the people, saying, Naboth did blaspheme God and the king. Then they carried him forth out of the city, and stoned him with stones, that he died. 
Then they sent to Jezeb
160,olemnly protest unto us, saying, Ye shall not see my face, except your brother be with you. 
If thou wilt send our brother with us, we will go down and buy thee
191,in the top of mount Gerizim, and lifted up his voice, and cried, and said unto them, Hearken unto me, ye men of Shechem, that God may hearken unto you. 
The trees went forth on a time to anoi
160,may suck, and be satisfied with the breasts of her consolations; that ye may milk out, and be delighted with the abundance of her glory. 
For thus saith the LOR
229,p. 
For there stood by me this night the angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve, 
Saying, Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee. 
Wherefore, sirs, be of 
233,raid in himself, because of the counsel of the LORD of hosts, which he hath determined against it. 
In that day shall five cities in the land of Egypt speak the language of Canaan, and swear to the LORD of hosts; one shall be called,
175, lay away their robes, and put off their broidered garments: they shall clothe themselves with trembling; they shall sit upon the ground, and shall tremble at every moment, an
197,res may flee thither. 
And if he smite him with an instrument of iron, so that he die, he is a murderer: the murderer shall surely be put to death. 
And if he smite him with throwing a stone, where
161,when a stronger than he shall come upon him, and overcome him, he taketh from him all his armour wherein he trusted, and divideth his spoils. 
He that is not wit
225,r the fatherless. 
Yet they say, The LORD shall not see, neither shall the God of Jacob regard it. 
Understand, ye brutish among the people: and ye fools, when will ye be wise? 
He that planted the ear, shall he not hear? he 
226,halt glory in the Holy One of Israel. 
When the poor and needy seek water, and there is none, and their tongue faileth for thirst, I the LORD will hear them, I the God of Israel will not forsake them. 
I will open rivers in hi
234,ve his statutes, and keep his laws. Praise ye the LORD. 
Praise ye the LORD. O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
Who can utter the mighty acts of the LORD? who can shew forth all his praise? 
176,us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not. 
As we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of
182,ther shall your vine cast her fruit before the time in the field, saith the LORD of hosts. 
And all nations shall call you blessed: for ye shall be a delightsome land, saith the LORD
225,ord, rebuke me not in thy wrath: neither chasten me in thy hot displeasure. 
For thine arrows stick fast in me, and thy hand presseth me sore. 
There is no soundness in my flesh because of thine anger; neither is there any re
206,ivers far away; and the brooks of defence shall be emptied and dried up: the reeds and flags shall wither. 
The paper reeds by the brooks, by the mouth of the brooks, and every thing sown by the brooks, sha
179, their own works, and went a whoring with their own inventions. 
Therefore was the wrath of the LORD kindled against his people, insomuch that he abhorred his own inheritance. 
An
230,lot. So Simeon went with him. 
And Judah went up; and the LORD delivered the Canaanites and the Perizzites into their hand: and they slew of them in Bezek ten thousand men. 
And they found Adonibezek in Bezek: and they fought agai
160, hunger, and broughtest forth water for them out of the rock for their thirst, and promisedst them that they should go in to possess the land which thou hadst s
164,im with the sound of the trumpet: praise him with the psaltery and harp. 
Praise him with the timbrel and dance: praise him with stringed instruments and organs. 
P
215,ain in the midst of the seas. 
Wilt thou yet say before him that slayeth thee, I am God? but thou shalt be a man, and no God, in the hand of him that slayeth thee. 
Thou shalt die the deaths of the uncircumcised by 
200,he priest shall put of the oil that is in his hand upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot, upon the
192,and an hin of oil to an ephah. 
And in the day of the new moon it shall be a young bullock without blemish, and six lambs, and a ram: they shall be without blemish. 
And he shall prepare a mea
177,ut in the multitude of counsellors they are established. 
A man hath joy by the answer of his mouth: and a word spoken in due season, how good is it! 
The way of life is above t
160,that he loved a woman in the valley of Sorek, whose name was Delilah. 
And the lords of the Philistines came up unto her, and said unto her, Entice him, and see
184,l blossom abundantly, and rejoice even with joy and singing: the glory of Lebanon shall be given unto it, the excellency of Carmel and Sharon, they shall see the glory of the LORD, and
193,ouse; and the glory of the God of Israel was over them above. 
This is the living creature that I saw under the God of Israel by the river of Chebar; and I knew that they were the cherubims. 
E
233,id unto them, I am an hundred and twenty years old this day; I can no more go out and come in: also the LORD hath said unto me, Thou shalt not go over this Jordan. 
The LORD thy God, he will go over before thee, and he will destroy t
164,h they passed through the Red sea as by dry land: which the Egyptians assaying to do were drowned. 
By faith the walls of Jericho fell down, after they were compass
206,he heel in the womb, and by his strength he had power with God: 
Yea, he had power over the angel, and prevailed: he wept, and made supplication unto him: he found him in Bethel, and there he spake with us;
205,the children of Benjamin in Jerusalem unto this day. 
And the house of Joseph, they also went up against Bethel: and the LORD was with them. 
And the house of Joseph sent to descry Bethel. (Now the name of
205, as Joseph bade; and the man brought the men into Joseph's house. 
And the men were afraid, because they were brought into Joseph's house; and they said, Because of the money that was returned in our sacks
234,rt thou Asahel? And he answered, I am. 
And Abner said to him, Turn thee aside to thy right hand or to thy left, and lay thee hold on one of the young men, and take thee his armour. But Asahel would not turn aside from following of hi
209, Israel from Dan even to Beersheba knew that Samuel was established to be a prophet of the LORD. 
And the LORD appeared again in Shiloh: for the LORD revealed himself to Samuel in Shiloh by the word of the LOR
216,e, my son? 
And the messenger answered and said, Israel is fled before the Philistines, and there hath been also a great slaughter among the people, and thy two sons also, Hophni and Phinehas, are dead, and the ark o
239, and Aridai, and Vajezatha, 
The ten sons of Haman the son of Hammedatha, the enemy of the Jews, slew they; but on the spoil laid they not their hand. 
On that day the number of those that were slain in Shushan the palace was brought befor
161,of Benjamin, a captain of the ward was there, whose name was Irijah, the son of Shelemiah, the son of Hananiah; and he took Jeremiah the prophet, saying, Thou fa
197, chamber to the highest by the midst. 
I saw also the height of the house round about: the foundations of the side chambers were a full reed of six great cubits. 
The thickness of the wall, which w
211,th out of my mouth: it shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it. 
For ye shall go out with joy, and be led forth with peace:
178,en he said unto me, Lo, I have given thee cow's dung for man's dung, and thou shalt prepare thy bread therewith. 
Moreover he said unto me, Son of man, behold, I will break the s
231,ward in the house of the captain of the guard, into the prison, the place where Joseph was bound. 
And the captain of the guard charged Joseph with them, and he served them: and they continued a season in ward. 
And they dreamed a 
163,the river, and pour it upon the dry land: and the water which thou takest out of the river shall become blood upon the dry land. 
And Moses said unto the LORD, O m
220, seen this? Then he brought me, and caused me to return to the brink of the river. 
Now when I had returned, behold, at the bank of the river were very many trees on the one side and on the other. 
Then said he unto me, 
200,d the arches thereof were after the measure of the first gate: the length thereof was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits. 
And their windows, and their arches, and their palm trees, 
185, them which saw them. 
And they heard a great voice from heaven saying unto them, Come up hither. And they ascended up to heaven in a cloud; and their enemies beheld them. 
And the same
228,s: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years over all Israel and Judah. 
And the king and his men went to Jerusalem unto the Jebusites, the inhabitants of the land: which spake unto David, saying, Except thou take away 
176,mercy will I keep for him for evermore, and my covenant shall stand fast with him. 
His seed also will I make to endure for ever, and his throne as the days of heaven. 
If his 
164, the LORD that came to Joel the son of Pethuel. 
Hear this, ye old men, and give ear, all ye inhabitants of the land. Hath this been in your days, or even in the da
178,d, which Moses the servant of the LORD had made in the wilderness. 
But the ark of God had David brought up from Kirjathjearim to the place which David had prepared for it: for h
196,s with him, and was departed from Saul. 
Therefore Saul removed him from him, and made him his captain over a thousand; and he went out and came in before the people. 
And David behaved himself wi
218,he LORD. 
Therefore thou hast forsaken thy people the house of Jacob, because they be replenished from the east, and are soothsayers like the Philistines, and they please themselves in the children of strangers. 
Their
201,dged round about the house of God, because the charge was upon them, and the opening thereof every morning pertained to them. 
And certain of them had the charge of the ministering vessels, that they s
168,ing shall be the fatness of the earth, and of the dew of heaven from above; 
And by thy sword shalt thou live, and shalt serve thy brother; and it shall come to pass wh
205,the first of your dough, that he may cause the blessing to rest in thine house. 
The priests shall not eat of any thing that is dead of itself, or torn, whether it be fowl or beast. 
Moreover, when ye shal
227,l kindle a fire in thee, and it shall devour every green tree in thee, and every dry tree: the flaming flame shall not be quenched, and all faces from the south to the north shall be burned therein. 
And all flesh shall see tha
221, was come to pass. 
And, behold, two of them went that same day to a village called Emmaus, which was from Jerusalem about threescore furlongs. 
And they talked together of all these things which had happened. 
And it cam
185,udah, and made Rehoboam the son of Solomon strong, three years: for three years they walked in the way of David and Solomon. 
And Rehoboam took him Mahalath the daughter of Jerimoth the
208,ngs well: he maketh both the deaf to hear, and the dumb to speak. 
In those days the multitude being very great, and having nothing to eat, Jesus called his disciples unto him, and saith unto them, 
I have co
235,he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, that ye through his poverty might be rich. 
And herein I give my advice: for this is expedient for you, who have begun before, not only to do, but also to be forward a year ago. 
Now ther
179, him; and a threefold cord is not quickly broken. 
Better is a poor and a wise child than an old and foolish king, who will no more be admonished. 
For out of prison he cometh to 
172,oab, and upon the head of his seed for ever: but upon David, and upon his seed, and upon his house, and upon his throne, shall there be peace for ever from the LORD. 
So Be
200, the wise; but a foolish man spendeth it up. 
He that followeth after righteousness and mercy findeth life, righteousness, and honour. 
A wise man scaleth the city of the mighty, and casteth down the 
230,f it. 
For the stars of heaven and the constellations thereof shall not give their light: the sun shall be darkened in his going forth, and the moon shall not cause her light to shine. 
And I will punish the world for their evil, 
230, moved out of their places. 
And the kings of the earth, and the great men, and the rich men, and the chief captains, and the mighty men, and every bondman, and every free man, hid themselves in the dens and in the rocks of the mo
192,ren, and well with the flocks; and bring me word again. So he sent him out of the vale of Hebron, and he came to Shechem. 
And a certain man found him, and, behold, he was wandering in the fie
162,come to pass, that him that escapeth the sword of Hazael shall Jehu slay: and him that escapeth from the sword of Jehu shall Elisha slay. 
Yet I have left me seve
236,verlasting. 
I saw the tents of Cushan in affliction: and the curtains of the land of Midian did tremble. 
Was the LORD displeased against the rivers? was thine anger against the rivers? was thy wrath against the sea, that thou didst ri
165,tinkling with their feet: 
Therefore the LORD will smite with a scab the crown of the head of the daughters of Zion, and the LORD will discover their secret parts. 

216,s said, Hereby ye shall know that the LORD hath sent me to do all these works; for I have not done them of mine own mind. 
If these men die the common death of all men, or if they be visited after the visitation of a
173,ven unto it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. And he left them, and departed. 
And when his disciples were come to the other side, they had forgotten to take bread. 
Then 
208,fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly; twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation. 
But my covenant will I establish with Isaac, which Sarah shall bear unto thee at this set time 
226, for the Lord; and the Lord for the body. 
And God hath both raised up the Lord, and will also raise up us by his own power. 
Know ye not that your bodies are the members of Christ? shall I then take the members of Christ, and
168,while I abode at Geshur in Syria, saying, If the LORD shall bring me again indeed to Jerusalem, then I will serve the LORD. 
And the king said unto him, Go in peace. So
188,said unto him the third time, Lovest thou me? And he said unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith unto him, Feed my sheep. 
Verily, verily, I sa
216,ne eyes run down with tears night and day, and let them not cease: for the virgin daughter of my people is broken with a great breach, with a very grievous blow. 
If I go forth into the field, then behold the slain w
213,ce, and it is desolate, as overthrown by strangers. 
And the daughter of Zion is left as a cottage in a vineyard, as a lodge in a garden of cucumbers, as a besieged city. 
Except the LORD of hosts had left unto us
164,e when Jerusalem was taken. 
In the ninth year of Zedekiah king of Judah, in the tenth month, came Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon and all his army against Jerusalem
208,le they be folden together as thorns, and while they are drunken as drunkards, they shall be devoured as stubble fully dry. 
There is one come out of thee, that imagineth evil against the LORD, a wicked couns
232,d seven thousand and six hundred. They shall go hindmost with their standards. 
These are those which were numbered of the children of Israel by the house of their fathers: all those that were numbered of the camps throughout their 
178,e rest, some on boards, and some on broken pieces of the ship. And so it came to pass, that they escaped all safe to land. 
And when they were escaped, then they knew that the is
174,equired: the porters also by their courses at every gate: for so had David the man of God commanded. 
And they departed not from the commandment of the king unto the priests 
225,st. 
But unto the sons of Kohath he gave none: because the service of the sanctuary belonging unto them was that they should bear upon their shoulders. 
And the princes offered for dedicating of the altar in the day that it w
174,ard the sound of her feet, as she came in at the door, that he said, Come in, thou wife of Jeroboam; why feignest thou thyself to be another? for I am sent to thee with heavy
204, peace with Israel, and served them. So the Syrians feared to help the children of Ammon any more. 
And it came to pass, after the year was expired, at the time when kings go forth to battle, that David s
231,is own will: 
That we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ. 
In whom ye also trusted, after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that ye believed, ye were se
223,and taketh not warning; if the sword come, and take him away, his blood shall be upon his own head. 
He heard the sound of the trumpet, and took not warning; his blood shall be upon him. But he that taketh warning shall del
226, glory, so as I have seen thee in the sanctuary. 
Because thy lovingkindness is better than life, my lips shall praise thee. 
Thus will I bless thee while I live: I will lift up my hands in thy name. 
My soul shall be satisfie
223,ia carried away captive: he was prince of the Reubenites. 
And his brethren by their families, when the genealogy of their generations was reckoned, were the chief, Jeiel, and Zechariah, 
And Bela the son of Azaz, the son o
177,riest shall offer the burnt offering and the meat offering upon the altar: and the priest shall make an atonement for him, and he shall be clean. 
And if he be poor, and cannot 
171,And these are they which are sown on good ground; such as hear the word, and receive it, and bring forth fruit, some thirtyfold, some sixty, and some an hundred. 
And he s
169,thee, and let us make a covenant with thee; 
That thou wilt do us no hurt, as we have not touched thee, and as we have done unto thee nothing but good, and have sent the
237,: recompense her according to her work; according to all that she hath done, do unto her: for she hath been proud against the LORD, against the Holy One of Israel. 
Therefore shall her young men fall in the streets, and all her men of wa
187,, that before they call, I will answer; and while they are yet speaking, I will hear. 
The wolf and the lamb shall feed together, and the lion shall eat straw like the bullock: and dust s
168,hich expounded the riddle. And his anger was kindled, and he went up to his father's house. 
But Samson's wife was given to his companion, whom he had used as his frien
192, me. 
Surely I have behaved and quieted myself, as a child that is weaned of his mother: my soul is even as a weaned child. 
Let Israel hope in the LORD from henceforth and for ever. 
Lord, re
233,RD liveth, there shall not one hair of his head fall to the ground; for he hath wrought with God this day. So the people rescued Jonathan, that he died not. 
Then Saul went up from following the Philistines: and the Philistines went 
222,e LORD thy God, to walk in all his ways, and to love him, and to serve the LORD thy God with all thy heart and with all thy soul, 
To keep the commandments of the LORD, and his statutes, which I command thee this day for t
166,d as they came down from the mountain, he charged them that they should tell no man what things they had seen, till the Son of man were risen from the dead. 
And they
223,t, 
The hangings of the court, his pillars, and their sockets, and the hanging for the door of the court, 
The pins of the tabernacle, and the pins of the court, and their cords, 
The cloths of service, to do service in the
160,er the child: and the children shall rise up against their parents, and cause them to be put to death. 
And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but
186,so, and Elishama, and Eliphelet, 
And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia, 
And Elishama, and Eliada, and Eliphelet, nine. 
These were all the sons of David, beside the sons of the concubines,
188, beseech thee, do away the iniquity of thy servant; for I have done very foolishly. 
And the LORD spake unto Gad, David's seer, saying, 
Go and tell David, saying, Thus saith the LORD, I o
222,him; and, lo, nothing worthy of death is done unto him. 
I will therefore chastise him, and release him. 
(For of necessity he must release one unto them at the feast.) 
And they cried out all at once, saying, Away with th
180,id, but they buried him not in the sepulchres of the kings. 
And these are they that conspired against him; Zabad the son of Shimeath an Ammonitess, and Jehozabad the son of Shimri
213,piter. 
And he set up the pillars in the porch of the temple: and he set up the right pillar, and called the name thereof Jachin: and he set up the left pillar, and called the name thereof Boaz. 
And upon the top 
167,nto them: they shall remove and go into captivity. 
And the prince that is among them shall bear upon his shoulder in the twilight, and shall go forth: they shall dig 
206, tranquillity. 
All this came upon the king Nebuchadnezzar. 
At the end of twelve months he walked in the palace of the kingdom of Babylon. 
The king spake, and said, Is not this great Babylon, that I have 
237,ore them that lead them captive, so that they shall come again into this land: for the LORD your God is gracious and merciful, and will not turn away his face from you, if ye return unto him. 
So the posts passed from city to city throug
239, for sin, as the first. 
And he brought the burnt offering, and offered it according to the manner. 
And he brought the meat offering, and took an handful thereof, and burnt it upon the altar, beside the burnt sacrifice of the morning. 
He
218,is, twelve years, I and my brethren have not eaten the bread of the governor. 
But the former governors that had been before me were chargeable unto the people, and had taken of them bread and wine, beside forty shekel
222,t shall meditate terror. Where is the scribe? where is the receiver? where is he that counted the towers? 
Thou shalt not see a fierce people, a people of a deeper speech than thou canst perceive; of a stammering tongue, t
188,I lifted up mine hand to give it to your fathers. 
And there shall ye remember your ways, and all your doings, wherein ye have been defiled; and ye shall lothe yourselves in your own sight
220,e priest shall lay them in order on the wood that is on the fire which is upon the altar: 
But he shall wash the inwards and the legs with water: and the priest shall bring it all, and burn it upon the altar: it is a bur
214,ies all her pleasant things that she had in the days of old, when her people fell into the hand of the enemy, and none did help her: the adversaries saw her, and did mock at her sabbaths. 
Jerusalem hath grievously
180,hoose thee one of them, that I may do it unto thee. 
So Gad came to David, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Choose thee 
Either three years' famine; or three months to be de
207,ompass yourselves about with sparks: walk in the light of your fire, and in the sparks that ye have kindled. This shall ye have of mine hand; ye shall lie down in sorrow. 
Hearken to me, ye that follow after
228,Why hast thou deceived me so, and sent away mine enemy, that he is escaped? And Michal answered Saul, He said unto me, Let me go; why should I kill thee? 
So David fled, and escaped, and came to Samuel to Ramah, and told him all
169,are manifestly declared to be the epistle of Christ ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the Spirit of the living God; not in tables of stone, but in fleshy 
197, up on high those that be low; that those which mourn may be exalted to safety. 
He disappointeth the devices of the crafty, so that their hands cannot perform their enterprise. 
He taketh the wise
224,hildren of Israel he laid not his hand: also they saw God, and did eat and drink. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Come up to me into the mount, and be there: and I will give thee tables of stone, and a law, and commandments w
172,srael, thus saith the Lord GOD; I do not this for your sakes, O house of Israel, but for mine holy name's sake, which ye have profaned among the heathen, whither ye went. 

232, thy hands. 
They shall perish, but thou shalt endure: yea, all of them shall wax old like a garment; as a vesture shalt thou change them, and they shall be changed: 
But thou art the same, and thy years shall have no end. 
The chil
185,st me. 
Doth the wild ass bray when he hath grass? or loweth the ox over his fodder? 
Can that which is unsavoury be eaten without salt? or is there any taste in the white of an egg? 
T
178, an issue, and of him whose seed goeth from him, and is defiled therewith; 
And of her that is sick of her flowers, and of him that hath an issue, of the man, and of the woman, a
183,e LORD, which he spake concerning the house of Eli in Shiloh. 
Then tidings came to Joab: for Joab had turned after Adonijah, though he turned not after Absalom. And Joab fled unto th
164,d by us. 
Now he which stablisheth us with you in Christ, and hath anointed us, is God; 
Who hath also sealed us, and given the earnest of the Spirit in our hearts.
222,me may be no more remembered. 
But, O LORD of hosts, that judgest righteously, that triest the reins and the heart, let me see thy vengeance on them: for unto thee have I revealed my cause. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD o
239, to the women, and to all the people which had given him that answer, saying, 
The incense that ye burned in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem, ye, and your fathers, your kings, and your princes, and the people of the la
162,all ye people; shout unto God with the voice of triumph. 
For the LORD most high is terrible; he is a great King over all the earth. 
He shall subdue the people u
179,ghty Gods? these are the Gods that smote the Egyptians with all the plagues in the wilderness. 
Be strong and quit yourselves like men, O ye Philistines, that ye be not servants u
217,nd touched me, which set me upon my knees and upon the palms of my hands. 
And he said unto me, O Daniel, a man greatly beloved, understand the words that I speak unto thee, and stand upright: for unto thee am I now s
163,me. 
Notwithstanding ye have well done, that ye did communicate with my affliction. 
Now ye Philippians know also, that in the beginning of the gospel, when I depa
237,geth forth the chariot and horse, the army and the power; they shall lie down together, they shall not rise: they are extinct, they are quenched as tow. 
Remember ye not the former things, neither consider the things of old. 
Behold, I w
205,will be hallowed among the children of Israel: I am the LORD which hallow you, 
That brought you out of the land of Egypt, to be your God: I am the LORD. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto
218, lord. 
And there are gathered unto him vain men, the children of Belial, and have strengthened themselves against Rehoboam the son of Solomon, when Rehoboam was young and tenderhearted, and could not withstand them. 

218, all the ways which the LORD your God hath commanded you, that ye may live, and that it may be well with you, and that ye may prolong your days in the land which ye shall possess. 
Now these are the commandments, the s
210, a young bullock, and a ram out of the flock, without blemish. 
Seven days shall they purge the altar and purify it; and they shall consecrate themselves. 
And when these days are expired, it shall be, that upo
174,to thee, then shall mine enemies turn back: this I know; for God is for me. 
In God will I praise his word: in the LORD will I praise his word. 
In God have I put my trust: I
229,eon; Aiah, and Anah. 
The sons of Anah; Dishon. And the sons of Dishon; Amram, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran. 
The sons of Ezer; Bilhan, and Zavan, and Jakan. The sons of Dishan; Uz, and Aran. 
Now these are the kings that r
209,and an onyx, and a jasper: they shall be set in gold in their inclosings. 
And the stones shall be with the names of the children of Israel, twelve, according to their names, like the engravings of a signet; e
188,t give sleep to mine eyes, or slumber to mine eyelids, 
Until I find out a place for the LORD, an habitation for the mighty God of Jacob. 
Lo, we heard of it at Ephratah: we found it in th
208,le earth is full of his glory. 
And the posts of the door moved at the voice of him that cried, and the house was filled with smoke. 
Then said I, Woe is me! for I am undone; because I am a man of unclean lip
181,e day when they were created. 
And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his own likeness, and after his image; and called his name Seth: 
And the days of Adam 
227,of the hills, and of the south, and of the vale, and of the springs, and all their kings: he left none remaining, but utterly destroyed all that breathed, as the LORD God of Israel commanded. 
And Joshua smote them from Kadeshb
210,every one. 
Then the high priest rose up, and all they that were with him, (which is the sect of the Sadducees,) and were filled with indignation, 
And laid their hands on the apostles, and put them in the comm
237,holds, even for a time. 
And he shall stir up his power and his courage against the king of the south with a great army; and the king of the south shall be stirred up to battle with a very great and mighty army; but he shall not stand: f
166,d: his excellency is over Israel, and his strength is in the clouds. 
O God, thou art terrible out of thy holy places: the God of Israel is he that giveth strength an
182,ghteenth to Hanani, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The nineteenth to Mallothi, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The twentieth to Eliathah, he, his sons, a
188, did Zimri reign seven days in Tirzah. And the people were encamped against Gibbethon, which belonged to the Philistines. 
And the people that were encamped heard say, Zimri hath conspired
227,n eyes, until his iniquity be found to be hateful. 
The words of his mouth are iniquity and deceit: he hath left off to be wise, and to do good. 
He deviseth mischief upon his bed; he setteth himself in a way that is not good; 
206,u. 
But I would strengthen you with my mouth, and the moving of my lips should asswage your grief. 
Though I speak, my grief is not asswaged: and though I forbear, what am I eased? 
But now he hath made me 
202,lders of that city, that are next unto the slain man, shall wash their hands over the heifer that is beheaded in the valley: 
And they shall answer and say, Our hands have not shed this blood, neither h
190,thereof, but shall not divide it asunder: and the priest shall burn it upon the altar, upon the wood that is upon the fire: it is a burnt sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savo
201,Son of man, take up a lamentation upon the king of Tyrus, and say unto him, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Thou sealest up the sum, full of wisdom, and perfect in beauty. 
Thou hast been in Eden the garden o
184,born. 
And he blessed Joseph, and said, God, before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac did walk, the God which fed me all my life long unto this day, 
The Angel which redeemed me from a
238,of thy servants which is shed. 
Let the sighing of the prisoner come before thee; according to the greatness of thy power preserve thou those that are appointed to die; 
And render unto our neighbours sevenfold into their bosom their repr
239,f the LORD. 
Now therefore kill every male among the little ones, and kill every woman that hath known man by lying with him. 
But all the women children, that have not known a man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves. 
And do ye a
237,est him to have dominion over the works of thy hands; thou hast put all things under his feet: 
All sheep and oxen, yea, and the beasts of the field; 
The fowl of the air, and the fish of the sea, and whatsoever passeth through the paths
188,y his high places and his altars, and commanded Judah and Jerusalem, saying, Ye shall worship before one altar, and burn incense upon it? 
Know ye not what I and my fathers have done unto 
234,lock shall draw them out: surely he shall make their habitation desolate with them. 
At the noise of the taking of Babylon the earth is moved, and the cry is heard among the nations. 
Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will raise up again
163,t cause; and deceive not with thy lips. 
Say not, I will do so to him as he hath done to me: I will render to the man according to his work. 
I went by the field o
216,nto Jerusalem, 
And burned the house of the LORD, and the king's house; and all the houses of Jerusalem, and all the houses of the great men, burned he with fire: 
And all the army of the Chaldeans, that were with th
164,cquaintance. 
And when they found him not, they turned back again to Jerusalem, seeking him. 
And it came to pass, that after three days they found him in the templ
204, nations under our feet. 
He shall choose our inheritance for us, the excellency of Jacob whom he loved. Selah. 
God is gone up with a shout, the LORD with the sound of a trumpet. 
Sing praises to God, si
176,d lewdness, O ye Jews, reason would that I should bear with you: 
But if it be a question of words and names, and of your law, look ye to it; for I will be no judge of such mat
164,will take your menservants, and your maidservants, and your goodliest young men, and your asses, and put them to his work. 
He will take the tenth of your sheep: an
171,A son honoureth his father, and a servant his master: if then I be a father, where is mine honour? and if I be a master, where is my fear? saith the LORD of hosts unto you
205,Samuel said unto Saul, I will not return with thee: for thou hast rejected the word of the LORD, and the LORD hath rejected thee from being king over Israel. 
And as Samuel turned about to go away, he laid
214, the poison of asps is under their lips: 
Whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness: 
Their feet are swift to shed blood: 
Destruction and misery are in their ways: 
And the way of peace have they not known: 
T
170,alive, whether it be ox, or ass, or sheep; he shall restore double. 
If a man shall cause a field or vineyard to be eaten, and shall put in his beast, and shall feed in a
175,sh appeareth in him, he shall be unclean. 
And the priest shall see the raw flesh, and pronounce him to be unclean: for the raw flesh is unclean: it is a leprosy. 
Or if the r
225,use of Ziba were servants unto Mephibosheth. 
So Mephibosheth dwelt in Jerusalem: for he did eat continually at the king's table; and was lame on both his feet. 
And it came to pass after this, that the king of the children o
230,ulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying, Himself took our infirmities, and bare our sicknesses. 
Now when Jesus saw great multitudes about him, he gave commandment to depart unto the other side. 
And a certain scri
224, they went forth, and preached every where, the Lord working with them, and confirming the word with signs following. Amen. 
Forasmuch as many have taken in hand to set forth in order a declaration of those things which are 
236,elves before the LORD, and Satan came also among them to present himself before the LORD. 
And the LORD said unto Satan, From whence comest thou? And Satan answered the LORD, and said, From going to and fro in the earth, and from walkin
190,hee? and shall the rock be removed out of his place? 
Yea, the light of the wicked shall be put out, and the spark of his fire shall not shine. 
The light shall be dark in his tabernacle, an
222, and his left foot on the earth, 
And cried with a loud voice, as when a lion roareth: and when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices. 
And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write
200,the coasts of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, Whom do men say that I the Son of man am? 
And they said, Some say that thou art John the Baptist: some, Elias; and others, Jeremias, o
196, whence cometh my help. 
My help cometh from the LORD, which made heaven and earth. 
He will not suffer thy foot to be moved: he that keepeth thee will not slumber. 
Behold, he that keepeth Israel
226,daiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pashur, the son of Malchijah, and Maasiai the son of Adiel, the son of Jahzerah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Meshillemith, the son of Immer; 
And their brethren, heads of the house of 
195, Israel, and spread forth his hands: 
For Solomon had made a brasen scaffold of five cubits long, and five cubits broad, and three cubits high, and had set it in the midst of the court: and upon 
226, maketh the heart sick: but when the desire cometh, it is a tree of life. 
Whoso despiseth the word shall be destroyed: but he that feareth the commandment shall be rewarded. 
The law of the wise is a fountain of life, to depa
228,nds; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly. 
The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet. 
Our fathers worshipped in this mountain; and ye say, that in Jerusalem is the pla
198, is not with me is against me; and he that gathereth not with me scattereth abroad. 
Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against t
213, hosts; I am jealous for Jerusalem and for Zion with a great jealousy. 
And I am very sore displeased with the heathen that are at ease: for I was but a little displeased, and they helped forward the affliction. 

214,ave it for a wave offering before the LORD; and it shall be thine, and thy sons' with thee, by a statute for ever; as the LORD hath commanded. 
And Moses diligently sought the goat of the sin offering, and, behold,
232,rd of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment. 
For she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole. 
And straightway the fountain of her blood was dried up; and she felt in her body that she was healed o
193,the ground, and heard a voice saying unto me, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? 
And I answered, Who art thou, Lord? And he said unto me, I am Jesus of Nazareth, whom thou persecutest. 
And 
195,hy time? 
It is good that thou shouldest take hold of this; yea, also from this withdraw not thine hand: for he that feareth God shall come forth of them all. 
Wisdom strengtheneth the wise more 
173,d of Egypt, and led you forty years through the wilderness, to possess the land of the Amorite. 
And I raised up of your sons for prophets, and of your young men for Nazarit
185,to Jeroboam the son of Nebat. 
So when all Israel saw that the king hearkened not unto them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? neither have we inherit
204,hall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the great and terrible day of the LORD come. 
And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the LORD shall be delivered:
161,the number of your persons; take ye every man for them which are in his tents. 
And the children of Israel did so, and gathered, some more, some less. 
And when 
184,h of days, and long life, and peace, shall they add to thee. 
Let not mercy and truth forsake thee: bind them about thy neck; write them upon the table of thine heart: 
So shalt thou f
184,and this also we wish, even your perfection. 
Therefore I write these things being absent, lest being present I should use sharpness, according to the power which the Lord hath given m
200,also, and the shovels, and the fleshhooks, and all their instruments, did Huram his father make to king Solomon for the house of the LORD of bright brass. 
In the plain of Jordan did the king cast the
192,at she was sick, and died: whom when they had washed, they laid her in an upper chamber. 
And forasmuch as Lydda was nigh to Joppa, and the disciples had heard that Peter was there, they sent 
200,, and sent him again to Pilate. 
And the same day Pilate and Herod were made friends together: for before they were at enmity between themselves. 
And Pilate, when he had called together the chief pri
168,he shekel of the sanctuary. 
And the silver of them that were numbered of the congregation was an hundred talents, and a thousand seven hundred and threescore and fifte
172,d: they that would destroy me, being mine enemies wrongfully, are mighty: then I restored that which I took not away. 
O God, thou knowest my foolishness; and my sins are n
221,et a little while am I with you, and then I go unto him that sent me. 
Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come. 
Then said the Jews among themselves, Whither will he go, that we sha
240,is within my heart. 
I have preached righteousness in the great congregation: lo, I have not refrained my lips, O LORD, thou knowest. 
I have not hid thy righteousness within my heart; I have declared thy faithfulness and thy salvation: I h
216, Amon; and Amon begat Josias; 
And Josias begat Jechonias and his brethren, about the time they were carried away to Babylon: 
And after they were brought to Babylon, Jechonias begat Salathiel; and Salathiel begat Zo
209,ed. 
And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet. 
For they are the spirits of devils, working m
160,ntereth in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep. 
To him the porter openeth; and the sheep hear his voice: and he calleth his own sheep by name, and leadeth
232,the LORD, when I shall bring you into the land of Israel, into the country for the which I lifted up mine hand to give it to your fathers. 
And there shall ye remember your ways, and all your doings, wherein ye have been defiled; an
234,house of Israel no more defile, neither they, nor their kings, by their whoredom, nor by the carcases of their kings in their high places. 
In their setting of their threshold by my thresholds, and their post by my posts, and the wall
207,. 
Now we know that what things soever the law saith, it saith to them who are under the law: that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God. 
Therefore by the deeds of the l
215,ide: and the going up to it had eight steps. 
And he brought me to the north gate, and measured it according to these measures; 
The little chambers thereof, the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, and the window
223, congregation eastward, shall be Moses, and Aaron and his sons, keeping the charge of the sanctuary for the charge of the children of Israel; and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death. 
All that were numbered 
193,al, and all her multitude: her graves are round about him: all of them uncircumcised, slain by the sword, though they caused their terror in the land of the living. 
And they shall not lie with
233, with us; 
Even the LORD God of hosts; the LORD is his memorial. 
Therefore turn thou to thy God: keep mercy and judgment and wait on thy God continually. 
He is a merchant, the balances of deceit are in his hand: he loveth to oppres
224, thou shalt pour it upon the ground as water. 
Observe the month of Abib, and keep the passover unto the LORD thy God: for in the month of Abib the LORD thy God brought thee forth out of Egypt by night. 
Thou shalt therefore
211,ee. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; It shall also come to pass, that at the same time shall things come into thy mind, and thou shalt think an evil thought: 
And thou shalt say, I will go up to the land of unwalled vi
221,Kings shall see and arise, princes also shall worship, because of the LORD that is faithful, and the Holy One of Israel, and he shall choose thee. 
Thus saith the LORD, In an acceptable time have I heard thee, and in a da
163,ve them. 
Thou answeredst them, O LORD our God: thou wast a God that forgavest them, though thou tookest vengeance of their inventions. 
Exalt the LORD our God, an
160,eir multitude, and their pomp, and he that rejoiceth, shall descend into it. 
And the mean man shall be brought down, and the mighty man shall be humbled, and t
206, not for the world, but for them which thou hast given me; for they are thine. 
And all mine are thine, and thine are mine; and I am glorified in them. 
And now I am no more in the world, but these are in t
211,, and made it to come up over Jonah, that it might be a shadow over his head, to deliver him from his grief. So Jonah was exceeding glad of the gourd. 
But God prepared a worm when the morning rose the next day,
177,Howl, ye shepherds, and cry; and wallow yourselves in the ashes, ye principal of the flock: for the days of your slaughter and of your dispersions are accomplished; and ye shall
188,e treasuries of the house of God, and of the treasuries of the dedicated things: 
Also for the courses of the priests and the Levites, and for all the work of the service of the house of t
171,h blind the eyes of the wise, and pervert the words of the righteous. 
That which is altogether just shalt thou follow, that thou mayest live, and inherit the land which t
203,lious exalt themselves. Selah. 
O bless our God, ye people, and make the voice of his praise to be heard: 
Which holdeth our soul in life, and suffereth not our feet to be moved. 
For thou, O God, hast p
191,o do unto them. 
And at what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, and concerning a kingdom, to build and to plant it; 
If it do evil in my sight, that it obey not my voice, then I will 
226,d. 
And he said, While the child was yet alive, I fasted and wept: for I said, Who can tell whether GOD will be gracious to me, that the child may live? 
But now he is dead, wherefore should I fast? can I bring him back again?
192,pared for him that waiteth for him. 
Thou meetest him that rejoiceth and worketh righteousness, those that remember thee in thy ways: behold, thou art wroth; for we have sinned: in those is co
196,walketh in the field to meet us? And the servant had said, It is my master: therefore she took a vail, and covered herself. 
And the servant told Isaac all things that he had done. 
And Isaac brou
194, they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him: 
And he is before all things, and by him all things consist. 
And he is the head of the
168,s that ye have committed. 
And ye shall know that I am the LORD when I have wrought with you for my name's sake, not according to your wicked ways, nor according to you
203,eth, and delivereth them out of all their troubles. 
The LORD is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart; and saveth such as be of a contrite spirit. 
Many are the afflictions of the righteous: but the
163,ities to dwell in, with their suburbs for their cattle and for their substance. 
As the LORD commanded Moses, so the children of Israel did, and they divided the l
207,ry clay, and set my feet upon a rock, and established my goings. 
And he hath put a new song in my mouth, even praise unto our God: many shall see it, and fear, and shall trust in the LORD. 
Blessed is that 
225,thee. 
And Ahab came into his house heavy and displeased because of the word which Naboth the Jezreelite had spoken to him: for he had said, I will not give thee the inheritance of my fathers. And he laid him down upon his be
235,or comforters, but I found none. 
They gave me also gall for my meat; and in my thirst they gave me vinegar to drink. 
Let their table become a snare before them: and that which should have been for their welfare, let it become a trap.
218,ng of Core. 
These are spots in your feasts of charity, when they feast with you, feeding themselves without fear: clouds they are without water, carried about of winds; trees whose fruit withereth, without fruit, twic
182,all the princes of Kedar, they occupied with thee in lambs, and rams, and goats: in these were they thy merchants. 
The merchants of Sheba and Raamah, they were thy merchants: they o
179,hakah king of Ethiopia, He is come forth to make war with thee. And when he heard it, he sent messengers to Hezekiah, saying, 
Thus shall ye speak to Hezekiah king of Judah, sayin
203,h from the beginning were eyewitnesses, and ministers of the word; 
It seemed good to me also, having had perfect understanding of all things from the very first, to write unto thee in order, most excell
204,d we will walk in the name of the LORD our God for ever and ever. 
In that day, saith the LORD, will I assemble her that halteth, and I will gather her that is driven out, and her that I have afflicted; 

207, eat of his son's venison, that thy soul may bless me. 
And Isaac his father said unto him, Who art thou? And he said, I am thy son, thy firstborn Esau. 
And Isaac trembled very exceedingly, and said, Who? w
183,Timotheus our brother, 
To the saints and faithful brethren in Christ which are at Colosse: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ. 
We give thank
223,saw it, he was much displeased, and said unto them, Suffer the little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God. 
Verily I say unto you, Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God 
216,er the days of Baalim, wherein she burned incense to them, and she decked herself with her earrings and her jewels, and she went after her lovers, and forgat me, saith the LORD. 
Therefore, behold, I will allure her,
190,h the earth: 
And lest thou lift up thine eyes unto heaven, and when thou seest the sun, and the moon, and the stars, even all the host of heaven, shouldest be driven to worship them, and se
196,shall be taken, and the other left. 
Two women shall be grinding at the mill; the one shall be taken, and the other left. 
Watch therefore: for ye know not what hour your Lord doth come. 
But know
229,breath of his nostrils are they consumed. 
The roaring of the lion, and the voice of the fierce lion, and the teeth of the young lions, are broken. 
The old lion perisheth for lack of prey, and the stout lion's whelps are scatter
230,nd cried to heaven. 
And the LORD sent an angel, which cut off all the mighty men of valour, and the leaders and captains in the camp of the king of Assyria. So he returned with shame of face to his own land. And when he was come 
218, open, and none shall shut; and he shall shut, and none shall open. 
And I will fasten him as a nail in a sure place; and he shall be for a glorious throne to his father's house. 
And they shall hang upon him all the g
174,. 
And he turned unto her by the way, and said, Go to, I pray thee, let me come in unto thee; (for he knew not that she was his daughter in law.) And she said, What wilt thou
186,ouls that were therein; he let none remain in it; but did unto the king thereof as he did unto the king of Jericho. 
And Joshua passed from Libnah, and all Israel with him, unto Lachish,
239,to be over my people Israel. 
And it was in the heart of David my father to build an house for the name of the LORD God of Israel. 
And the LORD said unto David my father, Whereas it was in thine heart to build an house unto my name, thou 
174,saw that it pleased the LORD to bless Israel, he went not, as at other times, to seek for enchantments, but he set his face toward the wilderness. 
And Balaam lifted up his e
193, after rewards: they judge not the fatherless, neither doth the cause of the widow come unto them. 
Therefore saith the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the mighty One of Israel, Ah, I will ease me of 
207,gressed against the God of their fathers, and went a whoring after the gods of the people of the land, whom God destroyed before them. 
And the God of Israel stirred up the spirit of Pul king of Assyria, and
227,ath cast them out from before thee, saying, For my righteousness the LORD hath brought me in to possess this land: but for the wickedness of these nations the LORD doth drive them out from before thee. 
Not for thy righteousnes
201, shalt thou mar the corners of thy beard. 
Ye shall not make any cuttings in your flesh for the dead, nor print any marks upon you: I am the LORD. 
Do not prostitute thy daughter, to cause her to be a 
188,r grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles? 
Even so every good tree bringeth forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit. 
A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neith
164,llars were four, and their sockets of brass four; their hooks of silver, and the overlaying of their chapiters and their fillets of silver. 
And all the pins of the
215,, that he shall follow after them; and I will be honoured upon Pharaoh, and upon all his host; that the Egyptians may know that I am the LORD. And they did so. 
And it was told the king of Egypt that the people fled
163,that we did tell thee in Egypt, saying, Let us alone, that we may serve the Egyptians? For it had been better for us to serve the Egyptians, than that we should di
218,nacle of the congregation; that it may be a memorial unto the children of Israel before the LORD, to make an atonement for your souls. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Thou shalt also make a laver of brass, and
226,e to. 
Now the men of Israel had sworn in Mizpeh, saying, There shall not any of us give his daughter unto Benjamin to wife. 
And the people came to the house of God, and abode there till even before God, and lifted up their v
235,d he taketh with him Peter and James and John, and began to be sore amazed, and to be very heavy; 
And saith unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful unto death: tarry ye here, and watch. 
And he went forward a little, and fell on the
198, in blood: and his name is called The Word of God. 
And the armies which were in heaven followed him upon white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean. 
And out of his mouth goeth a sharp sw
191,'s army, which shall take it. 
Therefore the princes said unto the king, We beseech thee, let this man be put to death: for thus he weakeneth the hands of the men of war that remain in this c
160,the wickedness of your wives, which they have committed in the land of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem? 
They are not humbled even unto this day, neither
223,LORD. 
Seek the LORD, and his strength: seek his face evermore. 
Remember his marvellous works that he hath done; his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth; 
O ye seed of Abraham his servant, ye children of Jacob his chos
239,d built there an altar, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings. 
And the children of Israel said, Who is there among all the tribes of Israel that came not up with the congregation unto the LORD? For they had made a great oath con
167, which is far off, and exceeding deep, who can find it out? 
I applied mine heart to know, and to search, and to seek out wisdom, and the reason of things, and to know
188,ar of the jubile, and it shall be abated from thy estimation. 
And if he that sanctified the field will in any wise redeem it, then he shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimati
219, shall be forsaken, and Ashkelon a desolation: they shall drive out Ashdod at the noon day, and Ekron shall be rooted up. 
Woe unto the inhabitants of the sea coast, the nation of the Cherethites! the word of the LORD i
179,m the mount, and he before them. 
And he said unto them, Follow after me: for the LORD hath delivered your enemies the Moabites into your hand. And they went down after him, and t
188,e after him? 
So I returned, and considered all the oppressions that are done under the sun: and behold the tears of such as were oppressed, and they had no comforter; and on the side of t
202, cut off the nations from before thee, whither thou goest to possess them, and thou succeedest them, and dwellest in their land; 
Take heed to thyself that thou be not snared by following them, after th
169,nd Abimelech the son of Abiathar, were the priests; and Shavsha was scribe; 
And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the Cherethites and the Pelethites; and the sons of
206,
And there appeared an angel unto him from heaven, strengthening him. 
And being in an agony he prayed more earnestly: and his sweat was as it were great drops of blood falling down to the ground. 
And when
228,
And from the age of fifty years they shall cease waiting upon the service thereof, and shall serve no more: 
But shall minister with their brethren in the tabernacle of the congregation, to keep the charge, and shall do no serv
211,thereof round about shall be a span: and this shall be the higher place of the altar. 
And from the bottom upon the ground even to the lower settle shall be two cubits, and the breadth one cubit; and from the le
170,d there they bruised the teats of their virginity. 
And the names of them were Aholah the elder, and Aholibah her sister: and they were mine, and they bare sons and daugh
231,nd, or have any ill blemish, thou shalt not sacrifice it unto the LORD thy God. 
Thou shalt eat it within thy gates: the unclean and the clean person shall eat it alike, as the roebuck, and as the hart. 
Only thou shalt not eat the
167,Syrians fled before Israel; and David slew the men of seven hundred chariots of the Syrians, and forty thousand horsemen, and smote Shobach the captain of their host, 
167, smite all thy borders with frogs: 
And the river shall bring forth frogs abundantly, which shall go up and come into thine house, and into thy bedchamber, and upon th
197,h deceive you, nor persuade you on this manner, neither yet believe him: for no god of any nation or kingdom was able to deliver his people out of mine hand, and out of the hand of my fathers: how 
181,l they that devour thee shall be devoured; and all thine adversaries, every one of them, shall go into captivity; and they that spoil thee shall be a spoil, and all that prey upon t
227,r against thy walls, and with his axes he shall break down thy towers. 
By reason of the abundance of his horses their dust shall cover thee: thy walls shall shake at the noise of the horsemen, and of the wheels, and of the cha
213,rought home, the hail shall come down upon them, and they shall die. 
He that feared the word of the LORD among the servants of Pharaoh made his servants and his cattle flee into the houses: 
And he that regarded 
215,take away thy coat, let him have thy cloak also. 
And whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go with him twain. 
Give to him that asketh thee, and from him that would borrow of thee turn not thou away. 
Ye have h
162,and are gone forth out of his land. 
But I had pity for mine holy name, which the house of Israel had profaned among the heathen, whither they went. 
Therefore sa
204,and they destroyed the children of Ammon, and besieged Rabbah. But David tarried still at Jerusalem. 
And it came to pass in an eveningtide, that David arose from off his bed, and walked upon the roof of 
201,
And whatsoever is first ripe in the land, which they shall bring unto the LORD, shall be thine; every one that is clean in thine house shall eat of it. 
Every thing devoted in Israel shall be thine. 

178, as long as her husband liveth; but if her husband be dead, she is at liberty to be married to whom she will; only in the Lord. 
But she is happier if she so abide, after my judg
172,, nor the pillar of fire by night, from before the people. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, that they turn and encamp before Piha
190, be blood shed for him; for he should make full restitution; if he have nothing, then he shall be sold for his theft. 
If the theft be certainly found in his hand alive, whether it be ox, or
236, and poor, together. 
My mouth shall speak of wisdom; and the meditation of my heart shall be of understanding. 
I will incline mine ear to a parable: I will open my dark saying upon the harp. 
Wherefore should I fear in the days of evi
175,hou shalt make an end to deal treacherously, they shall deal treacherously with thee. 
O LORD, be gracious unto us; we have waited for thee: be thou their arm every morning, o
221, 
It was Mary Magdalene and Joanna, and Mary the mother of James, and other women that were with them, which told these things unto the apostles. 
And their words seemed to them as idle tales, and they believed them not. 
236,s of them, they departed from Jerusalem. 
Then came the word of the LORD unto the prophet Jeremiah saying, 
Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel; Thus shall ye say to the king of Judah, that sent you unto me to enquire of me; Behold, 
235,f all. 
For he that said, Do not commit adultery, said also, Do not kill. Now if thou commit no adultery, yet if thou kill, thou art become a transgressor of the law. 
So speak ye, and so do, as they that shall be judged by the law of 
167, he seeth thee, he will be glad in his heart. 
And thou shalt speak unto him, and put words in his mouth: and I will be with thy mouth, and with his mouth, and will te
163,se of the people running and praising the king, she came to the people into the house of the LORD: 
And she looked, and, behold, the king stood at his pillar at th
186,hteousness, seek meekness: it may be ye shall be hid in the day of the LORD's anger. 
For Gaza shall be forsaken, and Ashkelon a desolation: they shall drive out Ashdod at the noon day, 
207, Shaaraim. These were their cities unto the reign of David. 
And their villages were, Etam, and Ain, Rimmon, and Tochen, and Ashan, five cities: 
And all their villages that were round about the same cities,
226, Persia. 
And the rough goat is the king of Grecia: and the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king. 
Now that being broken, whereas four stood up for it, four kingdoms shall stand up out of the nation, but not i
161, Peter, Surely thou art one of them: for thou art a Galilaean, and thy speech agreeth thereto. 
But he began to curse and to swear, saying, I know not this man o
182,e. 
In the day when I cried thou answeredst me, and strengthenedst me with strength in my soul. 
All the kings of the earth shall praise thee, O LORD, when they hear the words of thy
230,reby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself. 
Therefore, my brethren dearly beloved and longed for, my joy and crown, so stand fast in the Lord, my dearly beloved. 
I beseech Euodias, and beseech Syntyche, that they be 
182,and they came to Egypt, unto Pharaoh king of Egypt; which gave him an house, and appointed him victuals, and gave him land. 
And Hadad found great favour in the sight of Pharaoh, so 
202,a window, and cried through the lattice, Why is his chariot so long in coming? why tarry the wheels of his chariots? 
Her wise ladies answered her, yea, she returned answer to herself, 
Have they not sp
187,eth he to his disciples, and saith unto them, Sleep on now, and take your rest: behold, the hour is at hand, and the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners. 
Rise, let us be goi
186,but ye only. 
For even in Thessalonica ye sent once and again unto my necessity. 
Not because I desire a gift: but I desire fruit that may abound to your account. 
But I have all, and ab
202,became a spreading vine of low stature, whose branches turned toward him, and the roots thereof were under him: so it became a vine, and brought forth branches, and shot forth sprigs. 
There was also an
240,they would that we should remember the poor; the same which I also was forward to do. 
But when Peter was come to Antioch, I withstood him to the face, because he was to be blamed. 
For before that certain came from James, he did eat with t
234,, and Gathrimmon, 
And Mejarkon, and Rakkon, with the border before Japho. 
And the coast of the children of Dan went out too little for them: therefore the children of Dan went up to fight against Leshem, and took it, and smote it wi
230, frustrate their purpose, all the days of Cyrus king of Persia, even until the reign of Darius king of Persia. 
And in the reign of Ahasuerus, in the beginning of his reign, wrote they unto him an accusation against the inhabitant
223,sgressions are many, and their backslidings are increased. 
How shall I pardon thee for this? thy children have forsaken me, and sworn by them that are no gods: when I had fed them to the full, they then committed adultery,
234,
Now Moses in the law commanded us, that such should be stoned: but what sayest thou? 
This they said, tempting him, that they might have to accuse him. But Jesus stooped down, and with his finger wrote on the ground, as though he hea
232,ewise which are sown on stony ground; who, when they have heard the word, immediately receive it with gladness; 
And have no root in themselves, and so endure but for a time: afterward, when affliction or persecution ariseth for the
219,he breadth of it, after the cubit of a man. 
And this land, which we possessed at that time, from Aroer, which is by the river Arnon, and half mount Gilead, and the cities thereof, gave I unto the Reubenites and to the 
185,me; and I will look well unto thee: but if it seem ill unto thee to come with me into Babylon, forbear: behold, all the land is before thee: whither it seemeth good and convenient for t
183,hall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire. 
Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you? 
If any
199,y shall hear Jezreel. 
And I will sow her unto me in the earth; and I will have mercy upon her that had not obtained mercy; and I will say to them which were not my people, Thou art my people; and th
200,nd now I beseech thee, lady, not as though I wrote a new commandment unto thee, but that which we had from the beginning, that we love one another. 
And this is love, that we walk after his commandmen
190, and I will send the sword after them, till I have consumed them: 
And I will set my throne in Elam, and will destroy from thence the king and the princes, saith the LORD. 
But it shall come
225,o pluck up, and to break down, and to throw down, and to destroy, and to afflict; so will I watch over them, to build, and to plant, saith the LORD. 
In those days they shall say no more, The fathers have eaten a sour grape, 
214,ngth of five and twenty thousand, and the breadth of ten thousand: and in it shall be the sanctuary and the most holy place. 
The holy portion of the land shall be for the priests the ministers of the sanctuary, wh
210,o his oath, which the LORD thy God maketh with thee this day: 
That he may establish thee to day for a people unto himself, and that he may be unto thee a God, as he hath said unto thee, and as he hath sworn un
194, Balaam, Go with the men: but only the word that I shall speak unto thee, that thou shalt speak. So Balaam went with the princes of Balak. 
And when Balak heard that Balaam was come, he went out
229,were written in the law of Moses, and in the prophets, and in the psalms, concerning me. 
Then opened he their understanding, that they might understand the scriptures, 
And said unto them, Thus it is written, and thus it behoved
235,accomplished that she should be delivered. 
And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in the inn. 
And there were in the same country she
219,of Seir. 
And these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom, before there reigned any king over the children of Israel. 
And Bela the son of Beor reigned in Edom: and the name of his city was Dinhabah. 
And Bela 
227,. 
And when he saw them, he said unto them, Go shew yourselves unto the priests. And it came to pass, that, as they went, they were cleansed. 
And one of them, when he saw that he was healed, turned back, and with a loud voice 
178,hath God given to the sons of man to be exercised therewith. 
I have seen all the works that are done under the sun; and, behold, all is vanity and vexation of spirit. 
That whic
188,all rejoice, and Israel shall be glad. 
Save me, O God, by thy name, and judge me by thy strength. 
Hear my prayer, O God; give ear to the words of my mouth. 
For strangers are risen up ag
211,ter shall be honoured. 
As in water face answereth to face, so the heart of man to man. 
Hell and destruction are never full; so the eyes of man are never satisfied. 
As the fining pot for silver, and the furnac
233,erewith he was girded. 
Then cometh he to Simon Peter: and Peter saith unto him, Lord, dost thou wash my feet? 
Jesus answered and said unto him, What I do thou knowest not now; but thou shalt know hereafter. 
Peter saith unto him, T
212,n lies, therefore, behold, I am against you, saith the Lord GOD. 
And mine hand shall be upon the prophets that see vanity, and that divine lies: they shall not be in the assembly of my people, neither shall they
198,give it unto him to whom it appertaineth, in the day of his trespass offering. 
And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD, a ram without blemish out of the flock, with thy estimation, f
220,led, which saith, And he was numbered with the transgressors. 
And they that passed by railed on him, wagging their heads, and saying, Ah, thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days, 
Save thyself, an
172,s of Jerusalem: for then had we plenty of victuals, and were well, and saw no evil. 
But since we left off to burn incense to the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink off
236,o this thing that he hath spoken; 
Behold, I will bring again the shadow of the degrees, which is gone down in the sun dial of Ahaz, ten degrees backward. So the sun returned ten degrees, by which degrees it was gone down. 
The writing 
231,ong the Jews until this day. 
Then the eleven disciples went away into Galilee, into a mountain where Jesus had appointed them. 
And when they saw him, they worshipped him: but some doubted. 
And Jesus came and spake unto them, say
193,eds of the people, give unto the LORD glory and strength. 
Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name: bring an offering, and come into his courts. 
O worship the LORD in the beauty of holi
206,d delivered me from the sword of Pharaoh: 
And Jethro, Moses' father in law, came with his sons and his wife unto Moses into the wilderness, where he encamped at the mount of God: 
And he said unto Moses, I
162,e unto the cave of Adullam: and the troop of the Philistines pitched in the valley of Rephaim. 
And David was then in an hold, and the garrison of the Philistines
191,cause they have sinned against thee; yet if they pray toward this place, and confess thy name, and turn from their sin, when thou dost afflict them; 
Then hear thou from heaven, and forgive t
210,t make it good: if it be an hired thing, it came for his hire. 
And if a man entice a maid that is not betrothed, and lie with her, he shall surely endow her to be his wife. 
If her father utterly refuse to giv
193,l be my people. 
Thus saith the LORD, The people which were left of the sword found grace in the wilderness; even Israel, when I went to cause him to rest. 
The LORD hath appeared of old unto m
170,all certainly drink. 
For, lo, I begin to bring evil on the city which is called by my name, and should ye be utterly unpunished? Ye shall not be unpunished: for I will c
240,e him: all nations shall serve him. 
For he shall deliver the needy when he crieth; the poor also, and him that hath no helper. 
He shall spare the poor and needy, and shall save the souls of the needy. 
He shall redeem their soul from dece
226,nor to your sorcerers, which speak unto you, saying, Ye shall not serve the king of Babylon: 
For they prophesy a lie unto you, to remove you far from your land; and that I should drive you out, and ye should perish. 
But the 
166,ah, the son of Benaiah, the son of Jeiel, the son of Mattaniah, a Levite of the sons of Asaph, came the Spirit of the LORD in the midst of the congregation; 
And he s
231, king, I say, thy father, made master of the magicians, astrologers, Chaldeans, and soothsayers; 
Forasmuch as an excellent spirit, and knowledge, and understanding, interpreting of dreams, and shewing of hard sentences, and dissol
209,Daniel, Thy God whom thou servest continually, he will deliver thee. 
And a stone was brought, and laid upon the mouth of the den; and the king sealed it with his own signet, and with the signet of his lords; 
223,e kingdoms of the earth for their hurt, to be a reproach and a proverb, a taunt and a curse, in all places whither I shall drive them. 
And I will send the sword, the famine, and the pestilence, among them, till they be con
190,ich were chosen to be porters in the gates were two hundred and twelve. These were reckoned by their genealogy in their villages, whom David and Samuel the seer did ordain in their set offic
174,s off, thou hast scattered us, thou hast been displeased; O turn thyself to us again. 
Thou hast made the earth to tremble; thou hast broken it: heal the breaches thereof; fo
215,ast thou brought up my life from corruption, O LORD my God. 
When my soul fainted within me I remembered the LORD: and my prayer came in unto thee, into thine holy temple. 
They that observe lying vanities forsake t
205, shekels of silver, after the shekel of the sanctuary, for a trespass offering. 
And he shall make amends for the harm that he hath done in the holy thing, and shall add the fifth part thereto, and give it
180,nt of days, and they brought him near before him. 
And there was given him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages, should serve him: his domini
237,heir bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us. 
He that sitteth in the heavens shall laugh: the LORD shall have them in derision. 
Then shall he speak unto them in his wrath, and vex them in his sore displeasure. 
Yet have I set 
204,l was vanity and vexation of spirit, and there was no profit under the sun. 
And I turned myself to behold wisdom, and madness, and folly: for what can the man do that cometh after the king? even that whi
163, not rend. 
And they made upon the hems of the robe pomegranates of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and twined linen. 
And they made bells of pure gold, and put the
209, so let him walk. And so ordain I in all churches. 
Is any man called being circumcised? let him not become uncircumcised. Is any called in uncircumcision? let him not be circumcised. 
Circumcision is nothing,
169,he north; and, behold, there sat women weeping for Tammuz. 
Then said he unto me, Hast thou seen this, O son of man? turn thee yet again, and thou shalt see greater abom
171,RD had called the child. 
Therefore Eli said unto Samuel, Go, lie down: and it shall be, if he call thee, that thou shalt say, Speak, LORD; for thy servant heareth. So Sam
233, and Israel dwelt in all the cities of the Amorites, in Heshbon, and in all the villages thereof. 
For Heshbon was the city of Sihon the king of the Amorites, who had fought against the former king of Moab, and taken all his land out
192,ah the firstborn, and his sons. 
And of the sons of Zerah; Jeuel, and their brethren, six hundred and ninety. 
And of the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Hodaviah, the
173, slack hand: but the hand of the diligent maketh rich. 
He that gathereth in summer is a wise son: but he that sleepeth in harvest is a son that causeth shame. 
Blessings ar
209,t? 
And when they were come into the ship, the wind ceased. 
Then they that were in the ship came and worshipped him, saying, Of a truth thou art the Son of God. 
And when they were gone over, they came into t
172,and all that she hath, as ye sware unto her. 
And the young men that were spies went in, and brought out Rahab, and her father, and her mother, and her brethren, and all th
165,at the bread of his God, both of the most holy, and of the holy. 
Only he shall not go in unto the vail, nor come nigh unto the altar, because he hath a blemish; tha
178,who hath seen him there: for it is told me that he dealeth very subtilly. 
See therefore, and take knowledge of all the lurking places where he hideth himself, and come ye again 
170, in law saw all that he did to the people, he said, What is this thing that thou doest to the people? why sittest thou thyself alone, and all the people stand by thee fro
175,ad advanced him above the princes and servants of the king. 
Haman said moreover, Yea, Esther the queen did let no man come in with the king unto the banquet that she had prep
222, dust, and the multitude of the terrible ones shall be as chaff that passeth away: yea, it shall be at an instant suddenly. 
Thou shalt be visited of the LORD of hosts with thunder, and with earthquake, and great noise, wi
177,n the plain. 
Then said he unto me, Son of man, lift up thine eyes now the way toward the north. So I lifted up mine eyes the way toward the north, and behold northward at the g
234,old. 
And no man putteth new wine into old bottles; else the new wine will burst the bottles, and be spilled, and the bottles shall perish. 
But new wine must be put into new bottles; and both are preserved. 
No man also having drunk 
198,ok the rod of God in his hand. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, When thou goest to return into Egypt, see that thou do all those wonders before Pharaoh, which I have put in thine hand: but I will hard
210, sight. 
Then said they unto him, Where is he? He said, I know not. 
They brought to the Pharisees him that aforetime was blind. 
And it was the sabbath day when Jesus made the clay, and opened his eyes. 
Then 
171,brance of me. 
For as often as ye eat this bread, and drink this cup, ye do shew the Lord's death till he come. 
Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread, and drink this c
218,ink ye of Christ? whose son is he? They say unto him, The son of David. 
He saith unto them, How then doth David in spirit call him Lord, saying, 
The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, till I make thin
190,fourth part of an hin unto a lamb: this is the burnt offering of every month throughout the months of the year. 
And one kid of the goats for a sin offering unto the LORD shall be offered, b
161,nt his servants unto Solomon; for he had heard that they had anointed him king in the room of his father: for Hiram was ever a lover of David. 
And Solomon sent 
201, 
And I beheld, and heard an angel flying through the midst of heaven, saying with a loud voice, Woe, woe, woe, to the inhabiters of the earth by reason of the other voices of the trumpet of the three 
230,ore give me this mountain, whereof the LORD spake in that day; for thou heardest in that day how the Anakims were there, and that the cities were great and fenced: if so be the LORD will be with me, then I shall be able to drive t
224, and the mountain of the house as the high places of a forest. 
Did Hezekiah king of Judah and all Judah put him at all to death? did he not fear the LORD, and besought the LORD, and the LORD repented him of the evil which h
192,r habitation; 
That they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us: 
For in him we live, and move, and have our being; a
165,ers shall be for dens for ever, a joy of wild asses, a pasture of flocks; 
Until the spirit be poured upon us from on high, and the wilderness be a fruitful field, a
176,neth unto you from the hail, and shall eat every tree which groweth for you out of the field: 
And they shall fill thy houses, and the houses of all thy servants, and the house
183,et of evil men: but the root of the righteous yieldeth fruit. 
The wicked is snared by the transgression of his lips: but the just shall come out of trouble. 
A man shall be satisfied
209,h her husband was dead, she mourned for her husband. 
And when the mourning was past, David sent and fetched her to his house, and she became his wife, and bare him a son. But the thing that David had done dis
199,
Depart from me, ye evildoers: for I will keep the commandments of my God. 
Uphold me according unto thy word, that I may live: and let me not be ashamed of my hope. 
Hold thou me up, and I shall be 
237,lse, if it please thee, I will give thee another vineyard for it: and he answered, I will not give thee my vineyard. 
And Jezebel his wife said unto him, Dost thou now govern the kingdom of Israel? arise, and eat bread, and let thine hea
164,d the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of the LORD, and served Baalim, and Ashtaroth, and the gods of Syria, and the gods of Zidon, and the gods of Mo
236,aken off his hand from the poor, that hath not received usury nor increase, hath executed my judgments, hath walked in my statutes; he shall not die for the iniquity of his father, he shall surely live. 
As for his father, because he cr
219, an ephah. 
And when the prince shall enter, he shall go in by the way of the porch of that gate, and he shall go forth by the way thereof. 
But when the people of the land shall come before the LORD in the solemn feast
210,? And she said, the daughter of Bethuel, Nahor's son, whom Milcah bare unto him: and I put the earring upon her face, and the bracelets upon her hands. 
And I bowed down my head, and worshipped the LORD, and bl
174, voice, as of a trumpet, 
Saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last: and, What thou seest, write in a book, and send it unto the seven churches which are in Asia; 
162,y; but I trust to tarry a while with you, if the Lord permit. 
But I will tarry at Ephesus until Pentecost. 
For a great door and effectual is opened unto me, and
213,s worthy of stripes, shall be beaten with few stripes. For unto whomsoever much is given, of him shall be much required: and to whom men have committed much, of him they will ask the more. 
I am come to send fire 
205,t been forgotten; make sweet melody, sing many songs, that thou mayest be remembered. 
And it shall come to pass after the end of seventy years, that the LORD will visit Tyre, and she shall turn to her hir
178,he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him. 
And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent. 
I h
231,ant and the bittern shall lodge in the upper lintels of it; their voice shall sing in the windows; desolation shall be in the thresholds; for he shall uncover the cedar work. 
This is the rejoicing city that dwelt carelessly, that 
230,to the land of them, whom he destroyed. 
And the LORD shall give them up before your face, that ye may do unto them according unto all the commandments which I have commanded you. 
Be strong and of a good courage, fear not, nor be
220, 
And he said unto them that stood by, Take from him the pound, and give it to him that hath ten pounds. 
(And they said unto him, Lord, he hath ten pounds.) 
For I say unto you, That unto every one which hath shall be g
180,e city, and their liers in wait on the west of the city, Joshua went that night into the midst of the valley. 
And it came to pass, when the king of Ai saw it, that they hasted and
164,t ye shall receive no more reproach of famine among the heathen. 
Then shall ye remember your own evil ways, and your doings that were not good, and shall lothe you
231,e bows of the mighty men are broken, and they that stumbled are girded with strength. 
They that were full have hired out themselves for bread; and they that were hungry ceased: so that the barren hath born seven; and she that hath
231,rees, and they offered there their sacrifices, and there they presented the provocation of their offering: there also they made their sweet savour, and poured out there their drink offerings. 
Then I said unto them, What is the hig
222,r sake: and he had sheep, and oxen, and he asses, and menservants, and maidservants, and she asses, and camels. 
And the LORD plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of Sarai Abram's wife. 
And Pharaoh cal
218,e abominable and filthy is man, which drinketh iniquity like water? 
I will shew thee, hear me; and that which I have seen I will declare; 
Which wise men have told from their fathers, and have not hid it: 
Unto whom a
216,, and plaister them with plaister: 
And thou shalt write upon them all the words of this law, when thou art passed over, that thou mayest go in unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee, a land that floweth wi
224, and Mahanaim with her suburbs, 
And Heshbon with her suburbs, and Jazer with her suburbs. 
Now the sons of Issachar were, Tola, and Puah, Jashub, and Shimrom, four. 
And the sons of Tola; Uzzi, and Rephaiah, and Jeriel, and
190,thy wood unto the drawer of thy water: 
That thou shouldest enter into covenant with the LORD thy God, and into his oath, which the LORD thy God maketh with thee this day: 
That he may estab
221,y. 
Take us the foxes, the little foxes, that spoil the vines: for our vines have tender grapes. 
My beloved is mine, and I am his: he feedeth among the lilies. 
Until the day break, and the shadows flee away, turn, my be
169,r of the people about three thousand men: and they fled before the men of Ai. 
And the men of Ai smote of them about thirty and six men: for they chased them from before
232,ou of your brethren, like unto me; him shall ye hear in all things whatsoever he shall say unto you. 
And it shall come to pass, that every soul, which will not hear that prophet, shall be destroyed from among the people. 
Yea, and 
213, Riphath, and Togarmah. 
And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim. 
The sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, Put, and Canaan. 
And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabta, and Raamah, an
161,ndeth, there is none that seeketh after God. 
They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not one
228,he second day they compassed the city once, and returned into the camp: so they did six days. 
And it came to pass on the seventh day, that they rose early about the dawning of the day, and compassed the city after the same mann
166,ter of brass was upon it; and the height of one chapiter was five cubits, with network and pomegranates upon the chapiters round about, all of brass. The second pilla
185,t call not thou common. 
And this was done three times: and all were drawn up again into heaven. 
And, behold, immediately there were three men already come unto the house where I was, 
226,it is not good; and he that hasteth with his feet sinneth. 
The foolishness of man perverteth his way: and his heart fretteth against the LORD. 
Wealth maketh many friends; but the poor is separated from his neighbour. 
A fals
170,ities which they builded. 
And the children of Machir the son of Manasseh went to Gilead, and took it, and dispossessed the Amorite which was in it. 
And Moses gave Gilea
202,e from Babylon, in the reign of Artaxerxes the king. 
Of the sons of Phinehas; Gershom: of the sons of Ithamar; Daniel: of the sons of David; Hattush. 
Of the sons of Shechaniah, of the sons of Pharosh;
219, we have committed wickedness; 
And so return unto thee with all their heart, and with all their soul, in the land of their enemies, which led them away captive, and pray unto thee toward their land, which thou gavest u
224,RD's battles. For Saul said, Let not mine hand be upon him, but let the hand of the Philistines be upon him. 
And David said unto Saul, Who am I? and what is my life, or my father's family in Israel, that I should be son in 
222,leper; 
Then shall the priest command to take for him that is to be cleansed two birds alive and clean, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop: 
And the priest shall command that one of the birds be killed in an earthen v
199,mercy upon me, O LORD, for I am in trouble: mine eye is consumed with grief, yea, my soul and my belly. 
For my life is spent with grief, and my years with sighing: my strength faileth because of min
225, sanctuaries by the multitude of thine iniquities, by the iniquity of thy traffick; therefore will I bring forth a fire from the midst of thee, it shall devour thee, and I will bring thee to ashes upon the earth in the sight 
191,ram, and he was moved with choler against him, and smote the ram, and brake his two horns: and there was no power in the ram to stand before him, but he cast him down to the ground, and stamp
237,eth righteousness without works, 
Saying, Blessed are they whose iniquities are forgiven, and whose sins are covered. 
Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin. 
Cometh this blessedness then upon the circumcision only, or 
228, nation to nation, and from one kingdom to another people; 
He suffered no man to do them wrong: yea, he reproved kings for their sakes, 
Saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm. 
Sing unto the LORD, all the 
163, and wisdom, and strength, and honour, and glory, and blessing. 
And every creature which is in heaven, and on the earth, and under the earth, and such as are in t
187,hath spoken to turn you away from the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of Egypt, and redeemed you out of the house of bondage, to thrust thee out of the way which the LORD
226, lad; and the angel of God called to Hagar out of heaven, and said unto her, What aileth thee, Hagar? fear not; for God hath heard the voice of the lad where he is. 
Arise, lift up the lad, and hold him in thine hand; for I wi
174,d destroy them: and when they had made an end of the inhabitants of Seir, every one helped to destroy another. 
And when Judah came toward the watch tower in the wilderness, 
219,r doth inhabit: let the inhabitants of the rock sing, let them shout from the top of the mountains. 
Let them give glory unto the LORD, and declare his praise in the islands. 
The LORD shall go forth as a mighty man, he
202,Fear not, Zacharias: for thy prayer is heard; and thy wife Elisabeth shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call his name John. 
And thou shalt have joy and gladness; and many shall rejoice at his birth.
183,hat they may shave their heads: and all may know that those things, whereof they were informed concerning thee, are nothing; but that thou thyself also walkest orderly, and keepest th
172,ildren of Ammon. 
Now therefore the sword shall never depart from thine house; because thou hast despised me, and hast taken the wife of Uriah the Hittite to be thy wife. 

198, and yet I am not alone, because the Father is with me. 
These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have ove
211,enerations. 
The LORD upholdeth all that fall, and raiseth up all those that be bowed down. 
The eyes of all wait upon thee; and thou givest them their meat in due season. 
Thou openest thine hand, and satisfies
234,
Blessed be the LORD God of Israel for ever and ever. And all the people said, Amen, and praised the LORD. 
So he left there before the ark of the covenant of the LORD Asaph and his brethren, to minister before the ark continually, as
192,a noise of a great rushing. 
So the spirit lifted me up, and took me away, and I went in bitterness, in the heat of my spirit; but the hand of the LORD was strong upon me. 
Then I came to them
206,ter, Moses said, If a man die, having no children, his brother shall marry his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother. 
Now there were with us seven brethren: and the first, when he had married a wife, de
178,r his fruit: let the beasts get away from under it, and the fowls from his branches: 
Nevertheless leave the stump of his roots in the earth, even with a band of iron and brass, 
180,loud, and in a pillar of fire by night. 
Now if thou shalt kill all this people as one man, then the nations which have heard the fame of thee will speak, saying, 
Because the LORD
187,usalem as stones, and cedars made he to be as the sycomore trees that are in the vale, for abundance. 
And Solomon had horses brought out of Egypt, and linen yarn: the king's merchants re
170,take away my corn in the time thereof, and my wine in the season thereof, and will recover my wool and my flax given to cover her nakedness. 
And now will I discover her 
205,ealed. 
And he shall take to cleanse the house two birds, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop: 
And he shall kill the one of the birds in an earthen vessel over running water: 
And he shall take the ce
199,d, he formed grasshoppers in the beginning of the shooting up of the latter growth; and, lo, it was the latter growth after the king's mowings. 
And it came to pass, that when they had made an end of
182, 
And of the sons of Bebai; Zechariah the son of Bebai, and with him twenty and eight males. 
And of the sons of Azgad; Johanan the son of Hakkatan, and with him an hundred and ten m
186,h first, and restoreth all things; and how it is written of the Son of man, that he must suffer many things, and be set at nought. 
But I say unto you, That Elias is indeed come, and the
182, how much more will he clothe you, O ye of little faith? 
And seek not ye what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink, neither be ye of doubtful mind. 
For all these things do the nati
163, of Jerusalem, weep not for me, but weep for yourselves, and for your children. 
For, behold, the days are coming, in the which they shall say, Blessed are the bar
227,o give, and an hin of oil to an ephah. 
And in the day of the new moon it shall be a young bullock without blemish, and six lambs, and a ram: they shall be without blemish. 
And he shall prepare a meat offering, an ephah for a 
237,w forth thy righteousness and thy salvation all the day; for I know not the numbers thereof. 
I will go in the strength of the Lord GOD: I will make mention of thy righteousness, even of thine only. 
O God, thou hast taught me from my yo
222,sing praise to the name of the LORD most high. 
O LORD, our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth! who hast set thy glory above the heavens. 
Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings hast thou ordained strength b
239,full of deceit: therefore they are become great, and waxen rich. 
They are waxen fat, they shine: yea, they overpass the deeds of the wicked: they judge not the cause, the cause of the fatherless, yet they prosper; and the right of the nee
175,Israel; and ye shall know that I am the LORD. 
This city shall not be your caldron, neither shall ye be the flesh in the midst thereof; but I will judge you in the border of I
187,hat I should stretch forth mine hand against the LORD's anointed: but, I pray thee, take thou now the spear that is at his bolster, and the cruse of water, and let us go. 
So David took t
198,out of his sight: as for all his enemies, he puffeth at them. 
He hath said in his heart, I shall not be moved: for I shall never be in adversity. 
His mouth is full of cursing and deceit and fraud:
215, he said, Behold, the fear of the LORD, that is wisdom; and to depart from evil is understanding. 
Moreover Job continued his parable, and said, 
Oh that I were as in months past, as in the days when God preserved m
181,g to the flesh, with fear and trembling, in singleness of your heart, as unto Christ; 
Not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but as the servants of Christ, doing the will of God from
231,t remain upon the face of the earth, to cleanse it: after the end of seven months shall they search. 
And the passengers that pass through the land, when any seeth a man's bone, then shall he set up a sign by it, till the buriers h
172,was one beaten work of pure gold. 
And he made his seven lamps, and his snuffers, and his snuffdishes, of pure gold. 
Of a talent of pure gold made he it, and all the vesse
172, which now is, and is in bondage with her children. 
But Jerusalem which is above is free, which is the mother of us all. 
For it is written, Rejoice, thou barren that bear
224, is a wellspring of life unto him that hath it: but the instruction of fools is folly. 
The heart of the wise teacheth his mouth, and addeth learning to his lips. 
Pleasant words are as an honeycomb, sweet to the soul, and h
194,even of the tribe of Issachar, were fifty and four thousand and four hundred. 
Of the children of Zebulun, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to
182,ave them out from before you, even the two kings of the Amorites; but not with thy sword, nor with thy bow. 
And I have given you a land for which ye did not labour, and cities which
167,nd against Edom, and against the kings of Zobah, and against the Philistines: and whithersoever he turned himself, he vexed them. 
And he gathered an host, and smote t
175,ts are far above out of his sight: as for all his enemies, he puffeth at them. 
He hath said in his heart, I shall not be moved: for I shall never be in adversity. 
His mouth 
222,at which hath been is named already, and it is known that it is man: neither may he contend with him that is mightier than he. 
Seeing there be many things that increase vanity, what is man the better? 
For who knoweth wha
169,ur hundred pomegranates on the two wreaths; two rows of pomegranates on each wreath, to cover the two pommels of the chapiters which were upon the pillars. 
He made also
201,raid. 
Then call thou, and I will answer: or let me speak, and answer thou me. 
How many are mine iniquities and sins? make me to know my transgression and my sin. 
Wherefore hidest thou thy face, and 
200, in fear, and in much trembling. 
And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power: 
That your faith should not stand in the 
235,nd all they that heard them laid them up in their hearts, saying, What manner of child shall this be! And the hand of the Lord was with him. 
And his father Zacharias was filled with the Holy Ghost, and prophesied, saying, 
Blessed be 
226,ure, as though we reached not unto you: for we are come as far as to you also in preaching the gospel of Christ: 
Not boasting of things without our measure, that is, of other men's labours; but having hope, when your faith is
173,ged; and this is all the fruit to take away his sin; when he maketh all the stones of the altar as chalkstones that are beaten in sunder, the groves and images shall not sta
226,ew of them in Bezek ten thousand men. 
And they found Adonibezek in Bezek: and they fought against him, and they slew the Canaanites and the Perizzites. 
But Adonibezek fled; and they pursued after him, and caught him, and cut
183,as covered with cedar from one side of the floor to the other. 
And his house where he dwelt had another court within the porch, which was of the like work. Solomon made also an house
210,p under two branches of the same, and a knop under two branches of the same, according to the six branches going out of it. 
Their knops and their branches were of the same: all of it was one beaten work of pur
223,, when the priests blew with the trumpets, Joshua said unto the people, Shout; for the LORD hath given you the city. 
And the city shall be accursed, even it, and all that are therein, to the LORD: only Rahab the harlot sha
168,them in a rage that reacheth up unto heaven. 
And now ye purpose to keep under the children of Judah and Jerusalem for bondmen and bondwomen unto you: but are there not
165,ole congregation said unto them, Would God that we had died in the land of Egypt! or would God we had died in this wilderness! 
And wherefore hath the LORD brought u
166, smell thereto, shall even be cut off from his people. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
See, I have called by name Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of
215,r it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. 
Do all things without murmurings and disputings: 
That ye may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in the midst o
176,n the flesh, this is the fruit of my labour: yet what I shall choose I wot not. 
For I am in a strait betwixt two, having a desire to depart, and to be with Christ; which is fa
209,nd saw that he was dead already, they brake not his legs: 
But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and forthwith came there out blood and water. 
And he that saw it bare record, and his record i
208,ed, and of my father's house: 
Then shalt thou be clear from this my oath, when thou comest to my kindred; and if they give not thee one, thou shalt be clear from my oath. 
And I came this day unto the well, 
226,at died in the plague were twenty and four thousand. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the priest, hath turned my wrath away from the children of Israel, while he was zealo
188,sum of the money that Haman had promised to pay to the king's treasuries for the Jews, to destroy them. 
Also he gave him the copy of the writing of the decree that was given at Shushan to
196,el answered and said, Blessed be the name of God for ever and ever: for wisdom and might are his: 
And he changeth the times and the seasons: he removeth kings, and setteth up kings: he giveth wis
221,rising up early and sending them; but ye would not hear, saith the LORD. 
Hear ye therefore the word of the LORD, all ye of the captivity, whom I have sent from Jerusalem to Babylon: 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God
211,stimonies; therefore this evil is happened unto you, as at this day. 
Moreover Jeremiah said unto all the people, and to all the women, Hear the word of the LORD, all Judah that are in the land of Egypt: 
Thus s
229,the wood, so is my beloved among the sons. I sat down under his shadow with great delight, and his fruit was sweet to my taste. 
He brought me to the banqueting house, and his banner over me was love. 
Stay me with flagons, comfo
235,s desire to make a fair shew in the flesh, they constrain you to be circumcised; only lest they should suffer persecution for the cross of Christ. 
For neither they themselves who are circumcised keep the law; but desire to have you ci
205,iolence, to do it. 
Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah; They shall not lament for him, saying, Ah my brother! or, Ah sister! they shall not lament for him, s
182,n the house of his gods; 
Even those did Cyrus king of Persia bring forth by the hand of Mithredath the treasurer, and numbered them unto Sheshbazzar, the prince of Judah. 
And this 
185,gogues: yea, the time cometh, that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service. 
And these things will they do unto you, because they have not known the Father, nor me. 

195, cattle: therefore the name of the place is called Succoth. 
And Jacob came to Shalem, a city of Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, when he came from Padanaram; and pitched his tent before 
200,suburbs, Debir with her suburbs, 
And Ashan with her suburbs, and Bethshemesh with her suburbs: 
And out of the tribe of Benjamin; Geba with her suburbs, and Alemeth with her suburbs, and Anathoth wit
163, also was poured out the gift of the Holy Ghost. 
For they heard them speak with tongues, and magnify God. Then answered Peter, 
Can any man forbid water, that the
238,d again he stooped down, and wrote on the ground. 
And they which heard it, being convicted by their own conscience, went out one by one, beginning at the eldest, even unto the last: and Jesus was left alone, and the woman standing in the
193,es, and officers, and porters. 
And when they brought out the money that was brought into the house of the LORD, Hilkiah the priest found a book of the law of the LORD given by Moses. 
And Hilk
237,in all the land were no women found so fair as the daughters of Job: and their father gave them inheritance among their brethren. 
After this lived Job an hundred and forty years, and saw his sons, and his sons' sons, even four generatio
179, you: 
For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many. 
And when ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars, be ye not troubled: for such things must n
190,n the earth. 
And as Esaias said before, Except the Lord of Sabaoth had left us a seed, we had been as Sodoma, and been made like unto Gomorrha. 
What shall we say then? That the Gentiles, w
229,oseph lived an hundred and ten years. 
And Joseph saw Ephraim's children of the third generation: the children also of Machir the son of Manasseh were brought up upon Joseph's knees. 
And Joseph said unto his brethren, I die: and
200,ghbour, then thou mayest pluck the ears with thine hand; but thou shalt not move a sickle unto thy neighbour's standing corn. 
When a man hath taken a wife, and married her, and it come to pass that s
232,re you, he shall fight for you, according to all that he did for you in Egypt before your eyes; 
And in the wilderness, where thou hast seen how that the LORD thy God bare thee, as a man doth bear his son, in all the way that ye wen
209,h day, when the heart of the king was merry with wine, he commanded Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, and Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas, the seven chamberlains that served in the presence of Ahasuerus the king, 
162,ildren are the crown of old men; and the glory of children are their fathers. 
Excellent speech becometh not a fool: much less do lying lips a prince. 
A gift is 
218,to the which they have a desire to return to dwell there: for none shall return but such as shall escape. 
Then all the men which knew that their wives had burned incense unto other gods, and all the women that stood b
177,aftiness, and said unto them, Why tempt ye me? 
Shew me a penny. Whose image and superscription hath it? They answered and said, Caesar's. 
And he said unto them, Render therefo
228,ed against Jacob, and anger also came up against Israel; 
Because they believed not in God, and trusted not in his salvation: 
Though he had commanded the clouds from above, and opened the doors of heaven, 
And had rained down m
210,And he took it down, and wrapped it in linen, and laid it in a sepulchre that was hewn in stone, wherein never man before was laid. 
And that day was the preparation, and the sabbath drew on. 
And the women als
174,sts is his name: 
If those ordinances depart from before me, saith the LORD, then the seed of Israel also shall cease from being a nation before me for ever. 
Thus saith the 
195,estroy the wisdom of the wise, and will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent. 
Where is the wise? where is the scribe? where is the disputer of this world? hath not God made foolish 
201,, and the keepers standing without before the doors: but when we had opened, we found no man within. 
Now when the high priest and the captain of the temple and the chief priests heard these things, th
168,at all they that look upon thee shall flee from thee, and say, Nineveh is laid waste: who will bemoan her? whence shall I seek comforters for thee? 
Art thou better tha
198,ves, and slew them on the ground: and the people did eat them with the blood. 
Then they told Saul, saying, Behold, the people sin against the LORD, in that they eat with the blood. And he said, Ye 
238,e things in their ears: and the men were sore afraid. 
Then Abimelech called Abraham, and said unto him, What hast thou done unto us? and what have I offended thee, that thou hast brought on me and on my kingdom a great sin? thou hast don
178, now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee. 
Jesus saith unto her, Thy brother shall rise again. 
Martha saith unto him, I know that he shall rise again in the 
173,n God heard this, he was wroth, and greatly abhorred Israel: 
So that he forsook the tabernacle of Shiloh, the tent which he placed among men; 
And delivered his strength in
201,rmur against me. 
Say unto them, As truly as I live, saith the LORD, as ye have spoken in mine ears, so will I do to you: 
Your carcases shall fall in this wilderness; and all that were numbered of you
181, flesh, and drinking wine: let us eat and drink; for to morrow we shall die. 
And it was revealed in mine ears by the LORD of hosts, Surely this iniquity shall not be purged from yo
165, wherein he laboureth? 
I have seen the travail, which God hath given to the sons of men to be exercised in it. 
He hath made every thing beautiful in his time: also
198,ORD. 
And Hezekiah spake comfortably unto all the Levites that taught the good knowledge of the LORD: and they did eat throughout the feast seven days, offering peace offerings, and making confessio
240,h said unto Joseph, See, I have set thee over all the land of Egypt. 
And Pharaoh took off his ring from his hand, and put it upon Joseph's hand, and arrayed him in vestures of fine linen, and put a gold chain about his neck; 
And he made h
161,ve, shall give an offering unto the LORD. 
The rich shall not give more, and the poor shall not give less than half a shekel, when they give an offering unto the
204,tand, I pray thee, upon me, and slay me: for anguish is come upon me, because my life is yet whole in me. 
So I stood upon him, and slew him, because I was sure that he could not live after that he was fa
206,e words of a man's mouth are as deep waters, and the wellspring of wisdom as a flowing brook. 
It is not good to accept the person of the wicked, to overthrow the righteous in judgment. 
A fool's lips enter
217,ther: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground. 
Moreover he said, I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. And Moses hid h
180,and unto. 
For the poor shall never cease out of the land: therefore I command thee, saying, Thou shalt open thine hand wide unto thy brother, to thy poor, and to thy needy, in thy
196, vow, and every binding oath to afflict the soul, her husband may establish it, or her husband may make it void. 
But if her husband altogether hold his peace at her from day to day; then he estab
231,verance. 
So now it was not you that sent me hither, but God: and he hath made me a father to Pharaoh, and lord of all his house, and a ruler throughout all the land of Egypt. 
Haste ye, and go up to my father, and say unto him, Th
167,d Samuel said, As the sword hath made women childless, so shall thy mother be childless among women. And Samuel hewed Agag in pieces before the LORD in Gilgal. 
Then S
172,erfect all his days. 
And he brought into the house of God the things that his father had dedicated, and that he himself had dedicated, silver, and gold, and vessels. 
And 
231, fathers, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war; 
Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Reuben, were forty and six 
178,shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things, can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers thereunto perfect
205, 
And in the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed: and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all th
217,r cut themselves, nor make themselves bald for them: 
Neither shall men tear themselves for them in mourning, to comfort them for the dead; neither shall men give them the cup of consolation to drink for their father 
174,p the lad, and hold him in thine hand; for I will make him a great nation. 
And God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water; and she went, and filled the bottle with wat
193,he Son of man shall be delivered into the hands of men. 
But they understood not this saying, and it was hid from them, that they perceived it not: and they feared to ask him of that saying. 
T
165,n; Hemdan, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran. 
The children of Ezer are these; Bilhan, and Zaavan, and Akan. 
The children of Dishan are these; Uz, and Aran. 
These
207,the spirit and falsehood do lie, saying, I will prophesy unto thee of wine and of strong drink; he shall even be the prophet of this people. 
I will surely assemble, O Jacob, all of thee; I will surely gathe
197,lf, and to all thy friends: and they shall fall by the sword of their enemies, and thine eyes shall behold it: and I will give all Judah into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall carry the
218,score years old when she bare them. 
And the boys grew: and Esau was a cunning hunter, a man of the field; and Jacob was a plain man, dwelling in tents. 
And Isaac loved Esau, because he did eat of his venison: but Reb
206,nt for himself, and for his house. 
And he shall take the two goats, and present them before the LORD at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And Aaron shall cast lots upon the two goats; one lo
207, fathers, the captains over thousands and hundreds, and the captains of the host, had dedicated. 
Out of the spoils won in battles did they dedicate to maintain the house of the LORD. 
And all that Samuel th
218,understanding, and he will understand knowledge. 
He that wasteth his father, and chaseth away his mother, is a son that causeth shame, and bringeth reproach. 
Cease, my son, to hear the instruction that causeth to err
187, firstfruits of wheat harvest, and the feast of ingathering at the year's end. 
Thrice in the year shall all your menchildren appear before the LORD God, the God of Israel. 
For I will ca
201, brought me into the dust of death. 
For dogs have compassed me: the assembly of the wicked have inclosed me: they pierced my hands and my feet. 
I may tell all my bones: they look and stare upon me. 

185, issue, shall be broken: and every vessel of wood shall be rinsed in water. 
And when he that hath an issue is cleansed of his issue; then he shall number to himself seven days for his 
160,st year without blemish for a sin offering, and one ram without blemish for peace offerings, 
And a basket of unleavened bread, cakes of fine flour mingled with
174,p in the court of the prison, which was in the king of Judah's house. 
For Zedekiah king of Judah had shut him up, saying, Wherefore dost thou prophesy, and say, Thus saith t
178,go ye down against them: behold, they come up by the cliff of Ziz; and ye shall find them at the end of the brook, before the wilderness of Jeruel. 
Ye shall not need to fight in
175, not sink: let me be delivered from them that hate me, and out of the deep waters. 
Let not the waterflood overflow me, neither let the deep swallow me up, and let not the pit
180,into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, his enemy, and that sought his life. 
The word that Jeremiah the prophet spake unto Baruch the son of Neriah, when he had written t
172,Jerubbaal, being threescore and ten persons, upon one stone: notwithstanding yet Jotham the youngest son of Jerubbaal was left; for he hid himself. 
And all the men of Shec
209,lmodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah, 
And Hadoram, and Uzal, and Diklah, 
And Obal, and Abimael, and Sheba, 
And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab: all these were the sons of Joktan. 
And their dwellin
186,ckness day by day. 
Moreover the LORD stirred up against Jehoram the spirit of the Philistines, and of the Arabians, that were near the Ethiopians: 
And they came up into Judah, and brak
167,their little ones, and their wives took they captive, and spoiled even all that was in the house. 
And Jacob said to Simeon and Levi, Ye have troubled me to make me to
211,t lewdness. 
In thee have they discovered their fathers' nakedness: in thee have they humbled her that was set apart for pollution. 
And one hath committed abomination with his neighbour's wife; and another hath
194, for in his days was the earth divided; and his brother's name was Joktan. 
And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah, 
And Hadoram, and Uzal, and Diklah, 
And Obal, and 
166,l blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation. 
Because they said, He hath an unclean spirit. 
There came then his 
231,rass as rotten wood. 
The arrow cannot make him flee: slingstones are turned with him into stubble. 
Darts are counted as stubble: he laugheth at the shaking of a spear. 
Sharp stones are under him: he spreadeth sharp pointed thing
172, LORD my God: O save me according to thy mercy: 
That they may know that this is thy hand; that thou, LORD, hast done it. 
Let them curse, but bless thou: when they arise, 
167,ekels, full of incense: 
One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering: 
One kid of the goats for a sin offering: 
And for a sacrifice o
190,Israel, and I delivered thee out of the hand of Saul; 
And I gave thee thy master's house, and thy master's wives into thy bosom, and gave thee the house of Israel and of Judah; and if that 
176,orsake me, O God of my salvation. 
When my father and my mother forsake me, then the LORD will take me up. 
Teach me thy way, O LORD, and lead me in a plain path, because of mi
213,athen. 
The works of his hands are verity and judgment; all his commandments are sure. 
They stand fast for ever and ever, and are done in truth and uprightness. 
He sent redemption unto his people: he hath comman
210,, unto the mount of the daughter of Zion. 
For it shall be, that, as a wandering bird cast out of the nest, so the daughters of Moab shall be at the fords of Arnon. 
Take counsel, execute judgment; make thy sha
193, unto Moses, When thou goest to return into Egypt, see that thou do all those wonders before Pharaoh, which I have put in thine hand: but I will harden his heart, that he shall not let the peop
227, thy brother; thou slanderest thine own mother's son. 
These things hast thou done, and I kept silence; thou thoughtest that I was altogether such an one as thyself: but I will reprove thee, and set them in order before thine e
191, rehearsed them before Saul: and he sent for him. 
And David said to Saul, Let no man's heart fail because of him; thy servant will go and fight with this Philistine. 
And Saul said to David,
199, before the LORD, saying, Behold, the children of Israel have not hearkened unto me; how then shall Pharaoh hear me, who am of uncircumcised lips? 
And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, and g
217,hall fear the name of the LORD, and all the kings of the earth thy glory. 
When the LORD shall build up Zion, he shall appear in his glory. 
He will regard the prayer of the destitute, and not despise their prayer. 
T
238, this world unto the Father, having loved his own which were in the world, he loved them unto the end. 
And supper being ended, the devil having now put into the heart of Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, to betray him; 
Jesus knowing that the
211, wherein I was born: let not the day wherein my mother bare me be blessed. 
Cursed be the man who brought tidings to my father, saying, A man child is born unto thee; making him very glad. 
And let that man be a
221,e man went into the land of the Hittites, and built a city, and called the name thereof Luz: which is the name thereof unto this day. 
Neither did Manasseh drive out the inhabitants of Bethshean and her towns, nor Taanach
234, that sow beside all waters, that send forth thither the feet of the ox and the ass. 
Woe to thee that spoilest, and thou wast not spoiled; and dealest treacherously, and they dealt not treacherously with thee! when thou shalt cease t
185,all no more rule over the nations. 
And it shall be no more the confidence of the house of Israel, which bringeth their iniquity to remembrance, when they shall look after them: but the
194,tes, and when they saw that there was much money, the king's scribe and the high priest's officer came and emptied the chest, and took it, and carried it to his place again. Thus they did day by
235, was an hundred talents, and a thousand seven hundred and threescore and fifteen shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary: 
A bekah for every man, that is, half a shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary, for every one that went to 
216,gs. Selah. 
Like sheep they are laid in the grave; death shall feed on them; and the upright shall have dominion over them in the morning; and their beauty shall consume in the grave from their dwelling. 
But God wil
203,aim, 
And the Horites in their mount Seir, unto Elparan, which is by the wilderness. 
And they returned, and came to Enmishpat, which is Kadesh, and smote all the country of the Amalekites, and also the 
171,he apple of his eye. 
As an eagle stirreth up her nest, fluttereth over her young, spreadeth abroad her wings, taketh them, beareth them on her wings: 
So the LORD alone d
207,e up out of Egypt, to bring us in unto this evil place? it is no place of seed, or of figs, or of vines, or of pomegranates; neither is there any water to drink. 
And Moses and Aaron went from the presence o
161,on, and upon her assemblies, a cloud and smoke by day, and the shining of a flaming fire by night: for upon all the glory shall be a defence. 
And there shall be
200,pt myself from being burdensome unto you, and so will I keep myself. 
As the truth of Christ is in me, no man shall stop me of this boasting in the regions of Achaia. 
Wherefore? because I love you no
180, is brought forth, then it shall be seven days under the dam; and from the eighth day and thenceforth it shall be accepted for an offering made by fire unto the LORD. 
And whether 
186,estroy all that they have, and spare them not; but slay both man and woman, infant and suckling, ox and sheep, camel and ass. 
And Saul gathered the people together, and numbered them in
221,t upon the LORD. 
There were they in great fear: for God is in the generation of the righteous. 
Ye have shamed the counsel of the poor, because the LORD is his refuge. 
Oh that the salvation of Israel were come out of Zi
200,ch also betrayed him: and they went into an house. 
And the multitude cometh together again, so that they could not so much as eat bread. 
And when his friends heard of it, they went out to lay hold o
230,o the word of the LORD, saying, The tribe of the sons of Joseph hath said well. 
This is the thing which the LORD doth command concerning the daughters of Zelophehad, saying, Let them marry to whom they think best; only to the fam
184,ere scattered abroad upon the persecution that arose about Stephen travelled as far as Phenice, and Cyprus, and Antioch, preaching the word to none but unto the Jews only. 
And some of
183,ed together to tempt the Spirit of the Lord? behold, the feet of them which have buried thy husband are at the door, and shall carry thee out. 
Then fell she down straightway at his f
180,of Moab, over against Bethpeor: but no man knoweth of his sepulchre unto this day. 
And Moses was an hundred and twenty years old when he died: his eye was not dim, nor his natural
178,whoredoms of the house of Ahab, and also hast slain thy brethren of thy father's house, which were better than thyself: 
Behold, with a great plague will the LORD smite thy peopl
232,e the chief of the mighty men whom David had, who strengthened themselves with him in his kingdom, and with all Israel, to make him king, according to the word of the LORD concerning Israel. 
And this is the number of the mighty men
216,Behold, I will deliver them into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon; and he shall slay them before your eyes; 
And of them shall be taken up a curse by all the captivity of Judah which are in Babylon, saying,
198,dungeon; and he is like to die for hunger in the place where he is: for there is no more bread in the city. 
Then the king commanded Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, saying, Take from hence thirty men with
206,g; 
But there is a God in heaven that revealeth secrets, and maketh known to the king Nebuchadnezzar what shall be in the latter days. Thy dream, and the visions of thy head upon thy bed, are these; 
As for
206, will I give thanks unto thee, O LORD, among the heathen, and sing praises unto thy name. 
Great deliverance giveth he to his king; and sheweth mercy to his anointed, to David, and to his seed for evermore.
214,, and offer them upon the altar of the house of your God which is in Jerusalem. 
And whatsoever shall seem good to thee, and to thy brethren, to do with the rest of the silver and the gold, that do after the will o
176,ept, and none of them is lost, but the son of perdition; that the scripture might be fulfilled. 
And now come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they might 
179,suffer you? bring him hither to me. 
And Jesus rebuked the devil; and he departed out of him: and the child was cured from that very hour. 
Then came the disciples to Jesus apart,
165,thine eyes observe my ways. 
For a whore is a deep ditch; and a strange woman is a narrow pit. 
She also lieth in wait as for a prey, and increaseth the transgressor
160,ill the men's sacks with food, as much as they can carry, and put every man's money in his sack's mouth. 
And put my cup, the silver cup, in the sack's mouth of
208,all manner of plague of leprosy, and scall, 
And for the leprosy of a garment, and of a house, 
And for a rising, and for a scab, and for a bright spot: 
To teach when it is unclean, and when it is clean: thi
194,e sluggard to them that send him. 
The fear of the LORD prolongeth days: but the years of the wicked shall be shortened. 
The hope of the righteous shall be gladness: but the expectation of the 
163,power over the treasures of gold and of silver, and over all the precious things of Egypt: and the Libyans and the Ethiopians shall be at his steps. 
But tidings o
233,e of his goodness, and the work of faith with power: 
That the name of our Lord Jesus Christ may be glorified in you, and ye in him, according to the grace of our God and the Lord Jesus Christ. 
Now we beseech you, brethren, by the c
226,urchased. 
Thou shalt bring them in, and plant them in the mountain of thine inheritance, in the place, O LORD, which thou hast made for thee to dwell in, in the Sanctuary, O LORD, which thy hands have established. 
The LORD s
213, LORD. 
Take ye heed every one of his neighbour, and trust ye not in any brother: for every brother will utterly supplant, and every neighbour will walk with slanders. 
And they will deceive every one his neighbou
196,a thousand years. 
But the rest of the dead lived not again until the thousand years were finished. This is the first resurrection. 
Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection
171, 
One Lord, one faith, one baptism, 
One God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you all. 
But unto every one of us is given grace according to th
190,ainst thee; 
And that he would shew thee the secrets of wisdom, that they are double to that which is! Know therefore that God exacteth of thee less than thine iniquity deserveth. 
Canst tho
189,ye have ought against any: that your Father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses. 
But if ye do not forgive, neither will your Father which is in heaven forgive your tres
216,them, O ye dry bones, hear the word of the LORD. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD unto these bones; Behold, I will cause breath to enter into you, and ye shall live: 
And I will lay sinews upon you, and will bring up flesh u
176,ur fathers: and this land shall fall unto you for inheritance. 
And this shall be the border of the land toward the north side, from the great sea, the way of Hethlon, as men g
187,s increaseth learning. 
Understanding is a wellspring of life unto him that hath it: but the instruction of fools is folly. 
The heart of the wise teacheth his mouth, and addeth learning 
225, office. 
According to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so the children of Israel made all the work. 
And Moses did look upon all the work, and, behold, they had done it as the LORD had commanded, even so had they done it: 
212,D with my voice; with my voice unto the LORD did I make my supplication. 
I poured out my complaint before him; I shewed before him my trouble. 
When my spirit was overwhelmed within me, then thou knewest my path
190,ding to the first time, forty days and forty nights; and the LORD hearkened unto me at that time also, and the LORD would not destroy thee. 
And the LORD said unto me, Arise, take thy journe
230,for the charge of the children of Israel; and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death. 
All that were numbered of the Levites, which Moses and Aaron numbered at the commandment of the LORD, throughout their families, a
202, his own likeness, and after his image; and called his name Seth: 
And the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years: and he begat sons and daughters: 
And all the days that Adam 
232,s round about thee? 
Thou rulest the raging of the sea: when the waves thereof arise, thou stillest them. 
Thou hast broken Rahab in pieces, as one that is slain; thou hast scattered thine enemies with thy strong arm. 
The heavens a
208,ose that were lame, blind, dumb, maimed, and many others, and cast them down at Jesus' feet; and he healed them: 
Insomuch that the multitude wondered, when they saw the dumb to speak, the maimed to be whole,
237, and my servant David shall be their prince for ever. 
Moreover I will make a covenant of peace with them; it shall be an everlasting covenant with them: and I will place them, and multiply them, and will set my sanctuary in the midst of
210,a day of trouble and distress, a day of wasteness and desolation, a day of darkness and gloominess, a day of clouds and thick darkness, 
A day of the trumpet and alarm against the fenced cities, and against the
160,hich they stripped off for themselves, more than they could carry away: and they were three days in gathering of the spoil, it was so much. 
And on the fourth d
217,l read this writing, and shew me the interpretation thereof, shall be clothed with scarlet, and have a chain of gold about his neck, and shall be the third ruler in the kingdom. 
Then came in all the king's wise men: 
229,l: the land is not able to bear all his words. 
For thus Amos saith, Jeroboam shall die by the sword, and Israel shall surely be led away captive out of their own land. 
Also Amaziah said unto Amos, O thou seer, go, flee thee awa
218,e LORD: and what is Aaron, that ye murmur against him? 
And Moses sent to call Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab: which said, We will not come up: 
Is it a small thing that thou hast brought us up out of a land that
184,ffering out of the woman's hand, and shall wave the offering before the LORD, and offer it upon the altar: 
And the priest shall take an handful of the offering, even the memorial ther
228,iven them blood to drink; for they are worthy. 
And I heard another out of the altar say, Even so, Lord God Almighty, true and righteous are thy judgments. 
And the fourth angel poured out his vial upon the sun; and power was gi
222,nd behind them a desolate wilderness; yea, and nothing shall escape them. 
The appearance of them is as the appearance of horses; and as horsemen, so shall they run. 
Like the noise of chariots on the tops of mountains sha
180,e not my sanctuaries: for I the LORD do sanctify them. 
And Moses told it unto Aaron, and to his sons, and unto all the children of Israel. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
213,he herbs of every field wither, for the wickedness of them that dwell therein? the beasts are consumed, and the birds; because they said, He shall not see our last end. 
If thou hast run with the footmen, and they
163,will send unto him wanderers, that shall cause him to wander, and shall empty his vessels, and break their bottles. 
And Moab shall be ashamed of Chemosh, as the h
225,nd in thy presence, (for thy name is in this house,) and cry unto thee in our affliction, then thou wilt hear and help. 
And now, behold, the children of Ammon and Moab and mount Seir, whom thou wouldest not let Israel invade
228,either by the earth, neither by any other oath: but let your yea be yea; and your nay, nay; lest ye fall into condemnation. 
Is any among you afflicted? let him pray. Is any merry? let him sing psalms. 
Is any sick among you? le
207, OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH. 
And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus: and when I saw her, I wondered with great admiration. 
And th
225,ogues, and greetings in the markets. 
Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are as graves which appear not, and the men that walk over them are not aware of them. 
Then answered one of the lawyers, and said 
183,od, who also maketh intercession for us. 
Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? shall tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword? 

187,amily of the Gileadites. 
These are the sons of Gilead: of Jeezer, the family of the Jeezerites: of Helek, the family of the Helekites: 
And of Asriel, the family of the Asrielites: and o
206,hee the years of their iniquity, according to the number of the days, three hundred and ninety days: so shalt thou bear the iniquity of the house of Israel. 
And when thou hast accomplished them, lie again 
166,he prince. 
He that is slow to wrath is of great understanding: but he that is hasty of spirit exalteth folly. 
A sound heart is the life of the flesh: but envy the r
170,asure hid in a field; the which when a man hath found, he hideth, and for joy thereof goeth and selleth all that he hath, and buyeth that field. 
Again, the kingdom of he
190, fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel, distributed for inheritance to them. 
By lot was their inheritance, as the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses, for the nine tribes, and for
185,lom: make speed to depart, lest he overtake us suddenly, and bring evil upon us, and smite the city with the edge of the sword. 
And the king's servants said unto the king, Behold, thy 
181,eir generations was reckoned, were the chief, Jeiel, and Zechariah, 
And Bela the son of Azaz, the son of Shema, the son of Joel, who dwelt in Aroer, even unto Nebo and Baalmeon: 
A
166,spake unto the people in the morning: and at even my wife died; and I did in the morning as I was commanded. 
And the people said unto me, Wilt thou not tell us what 
