1000
98,the mastery of them, and brake all their bones in pieces or ever they came at the bottom of the de
95,and after that the Nazarite may drink wine. 
This is the law of the Nazarite who hath vowed, an
96,rvant, But, behold, if we go, what shall we bring the man? for the bread is spent in our vessels
84,hom came the Philistines,) and Caphthorim. 
And Canaan begat Zidon his firstborn, an
88,o the altar of the LORD thy God, which thou shalt make thee. 
Neither shalt thou set the
90,m abroad. 
Thou also hast delivered me from the strivings of my people, thou hast kept me 
81, child shall be a Nazarite unto God from the womb: and he shall begin to deliver 
80,eved, and return, and have indignation against the holy covenant: so shall he do
100, ye would not: lest there be debates, envyings, wraths, strifes, backbitings, whisperings, swellings
95,silver, and apparel, in great abundance. 
And so shall be the plague of the horse, of the mule,
85,ake thee a minister and a witness both of these things which thou hast seen, and of t
87,thout, all these things are done in parables: 
That seeing they may see, and not percei
104,re the house. 
And for the house he made windows of narrow lights. 
And against the wall of the house he
90,ay ye that I am? 
And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the l
118,bomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place, (whoso readeth, let him understand
82,r. 
Behold, when we come into the land, thou shalt bind this line of scarlet threa
105,ll be bound in the bundle of life with the LORD thy God; and the souls of thine enemies, them shall he sl
117,ng in my stead: and I have appointed him to be ruler over Israel and over Judah. 
And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada ans
112, far from me; thou hast made me an abomination unto them: I am shut up, and I cannot come forth. 
Mine eye mourn
99,led for Absalom, he came to the king, and bowed himself on his face to the ground before the king: 
92,this testimony, that he pleased God. 
But without faith it is impossible to please him: for 
102,all the congregation of Israel stood;) 
And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, which spake wi
111,leave off my heaviness, and comfort myself: 
I am afraid of all my sorrows, I know that thou wilt not hold me i
94,me: 
And the ass saw me, and turned from me these three times: unless she had turned from me, 
90, of Israel together, and say unto them, The LORD God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, 
101,e as the high places of a forest. 
Did Hezekiah king of Judah and all Judah put him at all to death? 
103,of the camp of Dan shall be on the north side by their armies: and the captain of the children of Dan s
87,thief approacheth, neither moth corrupteth. 
For where your treasure is, there will you
91,r again the head to the feet, I have no need of you. 
Nay, much more those members of the b
115,m after he was risen. 
And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature. 
H
104,ever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child, he shall not enter therein. 
And he took th
107,ossess the gate of those which hate them. 
And Rebekah arose, and her damsels, and they rode upon the camel
96,ab, and Zibia, and Mesha, and Malcham, 
And Jeuz, and Shachia, and Mirma. These were his sons, h
93,said, Cause Haman to make haste, that he may do as Esther hath said. So the king and Haman ca
108,praise unto the LORD with the words of David, and of Asaph the seer. And they sang praises with gladness, an
89,saith the LORD God of Israel, Forasmuch as I exalted thee from among the people, and made
102,my people: and I will dwell in the midst of thee, and thou shalt know that the LORD of hosts hath sent
97, is of the devil; for the devil sinneth from the beginning. For this purpose the Son of God was m
97,d, shall make the atonement, and shall put on the linen clothes, even the holy garments: 
And he 
107,irit. 
And we have seen and do testify that the Father sent the Son to be the Saviour of the world. 
Whosoe
105,him unto Joseph, to direct his face unto Goshen; and they came into the land of Goshen. 
And Joseph made 
86, so, that there is not a wise man among you? no, not one that shall be able to judge b
118,d the half of the rulers with me: 
And the priests; Eliakim, Maaseiah, Miniamin, Michaiah, Elioenai, Zechariah, and Ha
98,rijah, the son of Koz. And next unto them repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah, the son of Mesh
113,o destruction, and many there be which go in thereat: 
Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which l
97,hee. Jesus saith unto him, Feed my sheep. 
Verily, verily, I say unto thee, When thou wast young,
93,to smite of the people, and kill, as at other times, in the highways, of which one goeth up t
107,etteth not the cry of the humble. 
Have mercy upon me, O LORD; consider my trouble which I suffer of them t
109,evidence of the purchase, both which is sealed, and this evidence which is open; and put them in an earthen v
119,fer that was with it, wherein the jewels of gold were, and put them on the great stone: and the men of Bethshemesh offe
117,not out by the way. 
And they went up out of Egypt, and came into the land of Canaan unto Jacob their father, 
And to
100,go with this people unto the land which the LORD hath sworn unto their fathers to give them; and tho
81,urth month, in the ninth day of the month, the famine was sore in the city, so th
114,hen he was come out of the ship, immediately there met him out of the tombs a man with an unclean spirit, 
Who had
111,of the captivity of Judah, whom the king my father brought out of Jewry? 
I have even heard of thee, that the s
90,our them, because of their own counsels. 
And my people are bent to backsliding from me: t
112,Israel. 
And he placed forces in all the fenced cities of Judah, and set garrisons in the land of Judah, and in 
105,ine, that they might drink. 
Yea, and what have ye to do with me, O Tyre, and Zidon, and all the coasts o
112,ught out the money that was brought into the house of the LORD, Hilkiah the priest found a book of the law of th
118,ord, being disobedient: whereunto also they were appointed. 
But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an ho
100, many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many. 
And because iniquity shall abound, the lov
120,ir land also is full of silver and gold, neither is there any end of their treasures; their land is also full of horses,
100, should be a prey, them will I bring in, and they shall know the land which ye have despised. 
But a
102,e gathered themselves together against me. 
God hath delivered me to the ungodly, and turned me over i
111,d the wisdom of all the children of the east country, and all the wisdom of Egypt. 
For he was wiser than all m
106, fierce anger. 
For thus hath the LORD said, The whole land shall be desolate; yet will I not make a full 
109, ye offer my bread, the fat and the blood, and they have broken my covenant because of all your abominations.
88, his kingdom. 
He shall build me an house, and I will stablish his throne for ever. 
I w
83,merchandise of you: whose judgment now of a long time lingereth not, and their damn
92,stroyer. 
Now all these things happened unto them for ensamples: and they are written for ou
106, at that time ye were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the
89, man sin against another, the judge shall judge him: but if a man sin against the LORD, w
80,e, and bowed himself, and thanked the king: and Joab said, To day thy servant kn
88,s shall turn to my salvation through your prayer, and the supply of the Spirit of Jesus 
119, my heart waketh: it is the voice of my beloved that knocketh, saying, Open to me, my sister, my love, my dove, my unde
95,ngs, from the north, with horses, and with chariots, and with horsemen, and companies, and much
102, of Argob unto the coasts of Geshuri and Maachathi; and called them after his own name, Bashanhavothja
93,nown: 
That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying, 
Behold my 
84, heretofore, ye shall lay upon them; ye shall not diminish ought thereof: for they b
93,hy; there is none that doeth good, no, not one. 
Have the workers of iniquity no knowledge? w
96,hold, a child shall be born unto the house of David, Josiah by name; and upon thee shall he offe
105, ruler over the poor people. 
The prince that wanteth understanding is also a great oppressor: but he tha
88,nd to them which were in the cities of the Jerahmeelites, and to them which were in the 
120,d every plague, which is not written in the book of this law, them will the LORD bring upon thee, until thou be destroye
119,y increased that trouble me! many are they that rise up against me. 
Many there be which say of my soul, There is no he
85, be filled. 
Blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy. 
Blessed are the 
116,ke thee know that man doth not live by bread only, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of the LORD do
83,f the prince whom thine eyes have seen. 
Go not forth hastily to strive, lest thou 
91,firmities. 
And he withdrew himself into the wilderness, and prayed. 
And it came to pass o
107,left side of the temple, along by the altar and the temple, by the king round about. 
Then they brought out
99,thee, cut it off: it is better for thee to enter into life maimed, than having two hands to go into
112,le to decrease. 
Again, they are minished and brought low through oppression, affliction, and sorrow. 
He pouret
102, between clean beasts and unclean, and between unclean fowls and clean: and ye shall not make your sou
85,the mercy seat, 
The table, and all the vessels thereof, and the shewbread, 
The pure
80,hree days Paul called the chief of the Jews together: and when they were come to
105,, whosoever he be. 
And I, brethren, if I yet preach circumcision, why do I yet suffer persecution? then 
101,und in your houses: for whosoever eateth that which is leavened, even that soul shall be cut off from
106,ing to all the abominations that the wicked man doeth, shall he live? All his righteousness that he hath d
86,, the son of Reuben: how the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up, and their 
81,ose, then the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take thy wife, and thy two daug
120,went in, and sat with the servants, to see the end. 
Now the chief priests, and elders, and all the council, sought fals
110,e light, lest his deeds should be reproved. 
But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that his deeds may b
104,their princes, the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem: and this city shall remain for ever. 
111, Israel; we will pass over to Gibeah. 
And he said unto his servant, Come, and let us draw near to one of these
87,d say unto them, Bring me hither every man his ox, and every man his sheep, and slay th
89,past, the summer is ended, and we are not saved. 
For the hurt of the daughter of my peop
105,God. 
Wherefore ye shall do my statutes, and keep my judgments, and do them; and ye shall dwell in the la
109,em, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Moses gave you not that bread from heaven; but my Father giveth you the t
87,eviled him, wagging their heads, 
And saying, Thou that destroyest the temple, and buil
114,t they might touch if it were but the border of his garment: and as many as touched him were made whole. 
Then cam
96,with me it is a very small thing that I should be judged of you, or of man's judgment: yea, I ju
108,for thee and for thy son. 
For thus saith the LORD God of Israel, The barrel of meal shall not waste, neithe
114,rought guiltiness upon us. 
And Abimelech charged all his people, saying, He that toucheth this man or his wife sh
107, the children of Israel, and say unto them, When either man or woman shall separate themselves to vow a vow
80, the Lord GOD. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD to Tyrus; Shall not the isles shake at t
87,D; Behold, he shall fly as an eagle, and shall spread his wings over Moab. 
Kerioth is 
119,hold, I will raise up against you a nation, O house of Israel, saith the LORD the God of hosts; and they shall afflict 
115, great glory. 
And when these things begin to come to pass, then look up, and lift up your heads; for your redempti
112,the south of the Jerahmeelites, and against the south of the Kenites. 
And David saved neither man nor woman ali
101,or a name, for an everlasting sign that shall not be cut off. 
Thus saith the LORD, Keep ye judgment,
85,ff the yoke on their jaws, and I laid meat unto them. 
He shall not return into the l
105,Vashti refused to come at the king's commandment by his chamberlains: therefore was the king very wroth, 
113, be heated. 
And he commanded the most mighty men that were in his army to bind Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, 
118,dge yourselves unworthy of everlasting life, lo, we turn to the Gentiles. 
For so hath the Lord commanded us, saying, 
92,as their fathers did keep it, or not. 
Therefore the LORD left those nations, without drivin
88,ve cast out all your brethren, even the whole seed of Ephraim. 
Therefore pray not thou 
91,nor of Helbah, nor of Aphik, nor of Rehob: 
But the Asherites dwelt among the Canaanites, t
106,ted any thing to him of you, I am not ashamed; but as we spake all things to you in truth, even so our boa
91,badiah, and Hanan: these were the sons of Azel. 
Now the Philistines fought against Israel;
87, thou hast shewed more kindness in the latter end than at the beginning, inasmuch as th
84, since they return not from their ways. 
Their widows are increased to me above the 
91, a brother. 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. 
Now to him that is 
91, with him; and much people followed him, and thronged him. 
And a certain woman, which had 
108,rstood not thy wonders in Egypt; they remembered not the multitude of thy mercies; but provoked him at the s
114,for they also went unto the feast. 
So Jesus came again into Cana of Galilee, where he made the water wine. And th
83, mention of me unto Pharaoh, and bring me out of this house: 
For indeed I was stol
80, of Israel? 
Therefore, thou son of man, say unto the children of thy people, Th
113,be given into the hand of the men of whom thou art afraid. 
For I will surely deliver thee, and thou shalt not fa
86, the chief fathers of the congregation: 
And divide the prey into two parts; between t
114,honoured him that liveth for ever, whose dominion is an everlasting dominion, and his kingdom is from generation t
103,aying, After I am waxed old shall I have pleasure, my lord being old also? 
And the LORD said unto Abra
88,rch, 
Which is his body, the fulness of him that filleth all in all. 
And you hath he qu
81,is laws. 
And Moses' father in law said unto him, The thing that thou doest is no
82,gate was three cubits on this side, and three cubits on that side. 
The length of 
90,: and the children of Israel pitched before them like two little flocks of kids; but the S
106,are mine: therefore said I, that he shall take of mine, and shall shew it unto you. 
A little while, and y
106,m unto the border of Bethshemesh. 
And they of Bethshemesh were reaping their wheat harvest in the valley:
102,rpetual ordinance unto the LORD. 
Thus shall they prepare the lamb, and the meat offering, and the oil
87,unk with wine, wherein is excess; but be filled with the Spirit; 
Speaking to yourselve
83,, be followers together of me, and mark them which walk so as ye have us for an ens
98,, the ministers of the house, have for themselves, for a possession for twenty chambers. 
And ye s
84,lesh, nor touch their dead carcase. 
These ye shall eat of all that are in the water
120,Simon Peter saith unto him, Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head. 
Jesus saith to him, He that is washe
95,ground; and it shall burn, and shall not be quenched. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of
111,ly dry. 
There is one come out of thee, that imagineth evil against the LORD, a wicked counsellor. 
Thus saith 
105, Elisabeth's full time came that she should be delivered; and she brought forth a son. 
And her neighbour
95,ole. 
He shall deliver thee in six troubles: yea, in seven there shall no evil touch thee. 
In 
91,re cast into the sea. 
And if thy hand offend thee, cut it off: it is better for thee to en
109,rmed these matters of Purim; and it was written in the book. 
And the king Ahasuerus laid a tribute upon the 
113,t with his fathers, and was buried in Samaria: and Ahab his son reigned in his stead. 
And in the thirty and eigh
108, that beareth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit. 
Now ye are clean through the word w
98,en days, nor twenty days; 
But even a whole month, until it come out at your nostrils, and it be l
100,er and great glory. 
And he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet, and they shall ga
94,aughter of Ahab to wife: and he wrought that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD. 
Howbeit 
90, my tabernacle; 
When the Almighty was yet with me, when my children were about me; 
When 
111,hat is shut up and left in Israel, and will take away the remnant of the house of Jeroboam, as a man taketh awa
109,ted themselves unto that shame; and their abominations were according as they loved. 
As for Ephraim, their g
91,n his deeds among the people. 
Sing unto him, sing psalms unto him, talk ye of all his wond
114,e, and to slay my son? 
And he said unto her, Give me thy son. And he took him out of her bosom, and carried him u
115,y; and for our iniquities have we, our kings, and our priests, been delivered into the hand of the kings of the lan
119,emember not against us former iniquities: let thy tender mercies speedily prevent us: for we are brought very low. 
Hel
119,come upon the plain country; upon Holon, and upon Jahazah, and upon Mephaath, 
And upon Dibon, and upon Nebo, and upon 
94,est thou not how many things they witness against thee? 
And he answered him to never a word; 
114,e changers' money, and overthrew the tables; 
And said unto them that sold doves, Take these things hence; make no
108,chief, and his brethren an hundred and twelve. 
And David called for Zadok and Abiathar the priests, and for
86,young pigeons. 
And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; and 
89,instead of the brier shall come up the myrtle tree: and it shall be to the LORD for a nam
112,ushes. 
In the same day shall the Lord shave with a razor that is hired, namely, by them beyond the river, by th
107,is the blessing, wherewith Moses the man of God blessed the children of Israel before his death. 
And he sa
99, my beloved. 
Salute Apelles approved in Christ. Salute them which are of Aristobulus' household. 

106,ill be his manner all the while he dwelleth in the country of the Philistines. 
And Achish believed David,
109, servants the prophets, rising early and sending them; but ye have not hearkened, nor inclined your ear to he
85,eshbarnea. 
And I said unto you, Ye are come unto the mountain of the Amorites, which
83,Asaiah a servant of the king's, saying, 
Go, enquire of the LORD for me, and for th
108,ts, and I will give thee places to walk among these that stand by. 
Hear now, O Joshua the high priest, thou
102, compelled Judah thereto. 
And there came a writing to him from Elijah the prophet, saying, Thus saith
101,fire. 
The stones of it are the place of sapphires: and it hath dust of gold. 
There is a path which 
81,f Israel, which are borne by me from the belly, which are carried from the womb: 
113,greeting unto the brethren which are of the Gentiles in Antioch and Syria and Cilicia. 
Forasmuch as we have hear
82,wisdom and with thine understanding thou hast gotten thee riches, and hast gotten 
106,re, pressed down, and shaken together, and running over, shall men give into your bosom. For with the same
119, was the second day of the month, that David's place was empty: and Saul said unto Jonathan his son, Wherefore cometh n
116,he line upon it? 
Whereupon are the foundations thereof fastened? or who laid the corner stone thereof; 
When the mo
105, did evil before mine eyes, and chose that in which I delighted not. 
Hear the word of the LORD, ye that 
120,s. 
And I looked, and, behold, ye had sinned against the LORD your God, and had made you a molten calf: ye had turned as
102,from the first, and he shall subdue three kings. 
And he shall speak great words against the most High
94,of hosts be for a crown of glory, and for a diadem of beauty, unto the residue of his people, 
81,ith one accord in one place. 
And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a
90,shall fall down slain. 
And both of these kings' hearts shall be to do mischief, and they 
98,e may dwell in the land of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination unto the Egyptians. 
Then 
86,ORD shall rejoice in his works. 
He looketh on the earth, and it trembleth: he touchet
106,were redeemed by the Levites: 
Of the firstborn of the children of Israel took he the money; a thousand th
104,God, ye have taken, and by wicked hands have crucified and slain: 
Whom God hath raised up, having loose
107,nto them. 
Give ye now commandment to cause these men to cease, and that this city be not builded, until an
105,ull assurance of understanding, to the acknowledgement of the mystery of God, and of the Father, and of C
120,province of Babylon, with the freewill offering of the people, and of the priests, offering willingly for the house of t
119,sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from whence he was taken. 
So he drove out the man; and he p
86, from the land of Sinim. 
Sing, O heavens; and be joyful, O earth; and break forth int
112,he house, and finished it. 
And he built the walls of the house within with boards of cedar, both the floor of t
99, with her head uncovered dishonoureth her head: for that is even all one as if she were shaven. 
Fo
118, he cheweth not the cud; he is unclean to you. 
Of their flesh shall ye not eat, and their carcase shall ye not touch;
97,, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in C
91,dred and fourscore thousand chosen men, which were warriors, to fight against Israel, that 
112,I drink of; and with the baptism that I am baptized withal shall ye be baptized: 
But to sit on my right hand an
107,veth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness unto him: neither can he know them, beca
103, me, O Judah, and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem; Believe in the LORD your God, so shall ye be established
95, ruin shall all the fowls of the heaven remain, and all the beasts of the field shall be upon h
105,u beginnest to put the sickle to the corn. 
And thou shalt keep the feast of weeks unto the LORD thy God 
119,ons of his house, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his substance, which he had got in the land of Canaan; an
97,ill also forget thy children. 
As they were increased, so they sinned against me: therefore will 
120,est's, as a meat offering. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
If a soul commit a trespass, and sin through ignoran
117,congregation, by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, saying, 
Our father died in the wilderness, and he w
98,ieged Jerusalem: and Jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the prison, which was in the
115, by me the preaching might be fully known, and that all the Gentiles might hear: and I was delivered out of the mou
115,s: there was not the like made in any kingdom. 
And all king Solomon's drinking vessels were of gold, and all the v
81,was a man of the Pharisees, named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews: 
The same came 
97, none were of silver: it was nothing accounted of in the days of Solomon. 
For the king had at se
86,lous toward God, as ye all are this day. 
And I persecuted this way unto the death, bi
119,t of his place. 
The waters wear the stones: thou washest away the things which grow out of the dust of the earth; and 
96,rd, and with the famine, and with the pestilence, until I have consumed them by his hand. 
There
89, of the blessed God, which was committed to my trust. 
And I thank Christ Jesus our Lord,
101,he wicked forsake his way, and the unrighteous man his thoughts: and let him return unto the LORD, an
91,en now. 
For the LORD shall smite Israel, as a reed is shaken in the water, and he shall ro
105,rth fruit: thou art near in their mouth, and far from their reins. 
But thou, O LORD, knowest me: thou ha
96,is leprosy was cleansed. 
And Jesus saith unto him, See thou tell no man; but go thy way, shew t
117,all hiss, and wag his hand. 
Woe to her that is filthy and polluted, to the oppressing city! 
She obeyed not the voic
103,t is under thine hand? give me five loaves of bread in mine hand, or what there is present. 
And the pr
96,ey shall be ashes under the soles of your feet in the day that I shall do this, saith the LORD o
118,s. But Moses fled from the face of Pharaoh, and dwelt in the land of Midian: and he sat down by a well. 
Now the pries
91,hold, I will lay bands upon thee, and thou shalt not turn thee from one side to another, ti
109,m whose spirit God had raised, to go up to build the house of the LORD which is in Jerusalem. 
And all they t
108, in his knowledge: every founder is confounded by the graven image: for his molten image is falsehood, and t
113,eth against him shall do according to his own will, and none shall stand before him: and he shall stand in the gl
118,herefore said unto him that was cured, It is the sabbath day: it is not lawful for thee to carry thy bed. 
He answered
112,, I will know. 
And the men turned their faces from thence, and went toward Sodom: but Abraham stood yet before 
97, have begun before, not only to do, but also to be forward a year ago. 
Now therefore perform the
94,r the oxen shook it. 
And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Uzzah; and God smote him t
109,re to fear thy name: and prosper, I pray thee, thy servant this day, and grant him mercy in the sight of this
82,athered them unto their own land, and have left none of them any more there. 
Neit
116,e, and Elkanah that was next to the king. 
And the children of Israel carried away captive of their brethren two hun
100, are the commandments and the judgments, which the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses unto the chil
117,n the three days' journey, to search out a resting place for them. 
And the cloud of the LORD was upon them by day, w
105, there was straw. 
And the officers of the children of Israel, which Pharaoh's taskmasters had set over t
85,at were numbered of them, threescore and sixteen thousand and five hundred. 
Of the s
106,ay bless me. 
And Isaac his father said unto him, Who art thou? And he said, I am thy son, thy firstborn E
97,e no grief unto thee, nor offence of heart unto my lord, either that thou hast shed blood causele
113,e sea, with the servants of Solomon. 
And they came to Ophir, and fetched from thence gold, four hundred and twen
101,, Distress not the Moabites, neither contend with them in battle: for I will not give thee of their l
80,royed. 
And the LORD shall give them up before your face, that ye may do unto th
97,e field to meet us? And the servant had said, It is my master: therefore she took a vail, and cov
112,And Absalom came to the king, and said, Behold now, thy servant hath sheepshearers; let the king, I beseech thee
117,; even before the day when thou heardest them not; lest thou shouldest say, Behold, I knew them. 
Yea, thou heardest 
111,, behold, he prayeth, 
And hath seen in a vision a man named Ananias coming in, and putting his hand on him, th
110,people took him, saying, Thou shalt surely die. 
Why hast thou prophesied in the name of the LORD, saying, Thi
84,ndred twenty and two: and Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pelaliah, the son of
94,, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me. 
Jesus sait
99, of blood: 
Because he should have remained in the city of his refuge until the death of the high p
108,re they were at enmity between themselves. 
And Pilate, when he had called together the chief priests and th
104,ethren in every city where we have preached the word of the LORD, and see how they do. 
And Barnabas det
109,hama the son of Ammihud. 
And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty thousand and five hu
93,before him in the spirit and power of Elias, to turn the hearts of the fathers to the childre
105,ess. 
Where is the dwelling of the lions, and the feedingplace of the young lions, where the lion, even t
92,t. 
And he brought the burnt offering, and offered it according to the manner. 
And he broug
113,ave been made drunk with the wine of her fornication. 
So he carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness: a
105, all that dwell therein shall mourn: and it shall rise up wholly like a flood; and shall be drowned, as b
86,ng the gospel, they are enemies for your sakes: but as touching the election, they are
83,maveth the son of Adiel: and over the storehouses in the fields, in the cities, and
104,th Bethel under an oak: and the name of it was called Allonbachuth. 
And God appeared unto Jacob again, 
114,y thou, but also all that hear me this day, were both almost, and altogether such as I am, except these bonds. 
An
113,e Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon and all his army against Jerusalem, and they besieged it. 
And in the eleventh y
82, shall give thee. 
And thou shalt make a mercy seat of pure gold: two cubits and a
105,ntains shall drop down new wine, and the hills shall flow with milk, and all the rivers of Judah shall fl
99,e witnesses laid down their clothes at a young man's feet, whose name was Saul. 
And they stoned St
107,was the face of a cherub, and the second face was the face of a man, and the third the face of a lion, and 
86, the word of the LORD to Isaiah, saying, 
Go, and say to Hezekiah, Thus saith the LORD
96,gh the greatness of thy power shall thine enemies submit themselves unto thee. 
All the earth sh
104,and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day. 
And God said, Let
108,ehold, there was a cake baken on the coals, and a cruse of water at his head. And he did eat and drink, and 
89,od our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ. 
We give thanks to God always for you all, maki
90,pper to his lords, high captains, and chief estates of Galilee; 
And when the daughter of 
110,l the remnant of the people, obeyed the voice of the LORD their God, and the words of Haggai the prophet, as t
91,From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that entereth into th
102,D, saying, 
Arise, and go down to the potter's house, and there I will cause thee to hear my words. 
T
114,ination to the LORD, which he hateth, have they done unto their gods; for even their sons and their daughters they
94,ll the land. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts, Hearken not unto the words of the prophets that pr
96, of the midst of her, and deliver ye every man his soul from the fierce anger of the LORD. 
And 
115,make an atonement for the holy sanctuary, and he shall make an atonement for the tabernacle of the congregation, an
120, Lord GOD be witness against you, the LORD from his holy temple. 
For, behold, the LORD cometh forth out of his place, a
94,d times so many more as they be: but, my lord the king, are they not all my lord's servants? w
101,himself, because of the counsel of the LORD of hosts, which he hath determined against it. 
In that d
84,er, and the merchants of the earth are waxed rich through the abundance of her delic
81,kness. 
Moreover he hath not seen the sun, nor known any thing: this hath more re
120, was counted, according to the commandment of Moses, for the service of the Levites, by the hand of Ithamar, son to Aaro
105,rmined that we should sail into Italy, they delivered Paul and certain other prisoners unto one named Jul
91,ings. 
And they did eat and drink, he and the men that were with him, and tarried all night
83,g of a lion: whoso provoketh him to anger sinneth against his own soul. 
It is an h
92,priest, which were of the Levites, had by lot out of the tribe of Judah, and out of the trib
120,rd the north, he measured the length thereof, and the breadth thereof. 
And the little chambers thereof were three on th
93, health unto thee, and I will heal thee of thy wounds, saith the LORD; because they called th
92,o one lamb, throughout the seven lambs; 
And one kid of the goats, to make an atonement for 
99,is wings shalt thou trust: his truth shall be thy shield and buckler. 
Thou shalt not be afraid for
85,shall lay their hand upon their mouth, their ears shall be deaf. 
They shall lick the
110, ye that mourn for her: 
That ye may suck, and be satisfied with the breasts of her consolations; that ye may 
111,he LORD. 
And there assembled at Jerusalem much people to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the second mont
113,to me, Prophesy unto the wind, prophesy, son of man, and say to the wind, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Come from the 
105,ople. 
Therefore shall ye keep mine ordinance, that ye commit not any one of these abominable customs, wh
90,en of Israel shall he turn to the Lord their God. 
And he shall go before him in the spiri
110,ide, and I will fill it. 
But my people would not hearken to my voice; and Israel would none of me. 
So I gave
99,ward to do. 
But when Peter was come to Antioch, I withstood him to the face, because he was to be 
100,ngregation, for all the service of the tabernacle: and a stranger shall not come nigh unto you. 
And
91,f God, I continue unto this day, witnessing both to small and great, saying none other thin
115,f Ammishaddai. 
On the eleventh day Pagiel the son of Ocran, prince of the children of Asher, offered: 
His offerin
120,od prepared a vehement east wind; and the sun beat upon the head of Jonah, that he fainted, and wished in himself to die
102,e oxen also for burnt offerings, and the threshing instruments for wood, and the wheat for the meat of
107,n thereto: it is confusion. 
Defile not ye yourselves in any of these things: for in all these the nations 
83,nd told all these things in their ears: and the men were sore afraid. 
Then Abimele
105, of Gaza, which shall devour the palaces thereof: 
And I will cut off the inhabitant from Ashdod, and him
104,gs sitting upon the throne of David, riding in chariots and on horses, he, and his servants, and his peo
97,o the people, saying, Thus saith Pharaoh, I will not give you straw. 
Go ye, get you straw where 
101, people; 
Wherewith thine enemies have reproached, O LORD; wherewith they have reproached the footste
106,ht bring the kingdom again to Rehoboam. 
But the word of the LORD came to Shemaiah the man of God, saying,
92,d he shall begin to deliver Israel out of the hand of the Philistines. 
Then the woman came 
118,y into his own land. 
In the third month, when the children of Israel were gone forth out of the land of Egypt, the sa
89,dvised to depart thence also, if by any means they might attain to Phenice, and there to 
98,ntemptible. 
Let such an one think this, that, such as we are in word by letters when we are absen
88,ad, and found it to weigh a talent of gold, and there were precious stones in it; and it
93,n altar they shall spread a cloth of blue, and cover it with a covering of badgers' skins, an
97, the LORD spake unto Gad, David's seer, saying, 
Go and tell David, saying, Thus saith the LORD, 
119, for sin offering twelve. 
And all the oxen for the sacrifice of the peace offerings were twenty and four bullocks, the
110, of Nethaniah the son of Elishama, of the seed royal, and the princes of the king, even ten men with him, came
118,sts into thy coast: 
And they shall cover the face of the earth, that one cannot be able to see the earth: and they sh
116,all the days of his life, and there shall no razor come upon his head. 
And it came to pass, as she continued prayin
85,suburbs, and Juttah with her suburbs, and Bethshemesh with her suburbs; nine cities o
118,s; to another the interpretation of tongues: 
But all these worketh that one and the selfsame Spirit, dividing to ever
114, to Gazer. 
Again, David gathered together all the chosen men of Israel, thirty thousand. 
And David arose, and we
115, thy glorious name, which is exalted above all blessing and praise. 
Thou, even thou, art LORD alone; thou hast mad
107,he captivity which had been carried away with Jeconiah king of Judah, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babyl
99,musick. 
And the women answered one another as they played, and said, Saul hath slain his thousands
88, Christ, verily I say unto you, he shall not lose his reward. 
And whosoever shall offen
83, your faith is spoken of throughout the whole world. 
For God is my witness, whom I
96,re to find grace in the sight of my lord. 
And Esau said, I have enough, my brother; keep that t
97, confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unr
98,njust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit
84,singers, due for every day. 
And Pethahiah the son of Meshezabeel, of the children o
118,e, and I will not smite him the second time. 
And David said to Abishai, Destroy him not: for who can stretch forth hi
84,which is for a continual burnt offering. 
After this manner ye shall offer daily, th
110,g to the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, even those that were numbered of them were seve
96,is soul from troubles. 
Proud and haughty scorner is his name, who dealeth in proud wrath. 
The 
98,ivers, and all the fish of thy rivers shall stick unto thy scales. 
And I will leave thee thrown i
100,t with all my power I have served your father. 
And your father hath deceived me, and changed my wag
115, believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God. 
And he commanded the chariot to stand still: and they went down both
116, they are. 
And I will sever in that day the land of Goshen, in which my people dwell, that no swarms of flies shall
103,uncircumcised hearts be humbled, and they then accept of the punishment of their iniquity: 
Then will I
90,is place shall no more be called Tophet, nor The valley of the son of Hinnom, but The vall
84,m in ward, and fed them, but went not in unto them. So they were shut up unto the da
101,cked, and with the workers of iniquity, which speak peace to their neighbours, but mischief is in the
108,liding Israel committed adultery I had put her away, and given her a bill of divorce; yet her treacherous si
93,people, and from the Gentiles, unto whom now I send thee, 
To open their eyes, and to turn th
116,s of Noah: Noah was a just man and perfect in his generations, and Noah walked with God. 
And Noah begat three sons,
103,nst the heavens, and their tongue walketh through the earth. 
Therefore his people return hither: and w
94,was come, the ship was in the midst of the sea, and he alone on the land. 
And he saw them toi
108,ed with all that he had; and he rose up, and passed over the river, and set his face toward the mount Gilead
108,eaven, 
When the dust groweth into hardness, and the clods cleave fast together? 
Wilt thou hunt the prey fo
82,the voice with shouting, to appoint battering rams against the gates, to cast a mo
101,years of the life of Sarah. 
And Sarah died in Kirjatharba; the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan:
102,ldren shall have a place of refuge. 
The fear of the LORD is a fountain of life, to depart from the sn
120, Levites, which keep the charge of the tabernacle of the LORD. 
And Moses and Eleazar the priest did as the LORD command
82,the gold and the vessels weighed in the house of our God by the hand of Meremoth t
113,ncerning the law of his God. 
Then these presidents and princes assembled together to the king, and said thus unt
97, high God. 
And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of the most high God, possessor of hea
107,nothing into this world, and it is certain we can carry nothing out. 
And having food and raiment let us be
101,g fire, even a jealous God. 
When thou shalt beget children, and children's children, and ye shall ha
117,ne to his fellow, Come, and let us cast lots, that we may know for whose cause this evil is upon us. So they cast lot
102,lf was not burdensome to you? forgive me this wrong. 
Behold, the third time I am ready to come to you
93,d said, Indeed I have sinned against the LORD God of Israel, and thus and thus have I done: 

107,rd that he had defiled Dinah his daughter: now his sons were with his cattle in the field: and Jacob held h
116,iniquity. 
For they shall soon be cut down like the grass, and wither as the green herb. 
Trust in the LORD, and do 
113,t doeth them shall live in them. 
Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us: f
99,ere was Abraham buried, and Sarah his wife. 
And it came to pass after the death of Abraham, that G
114,longeth unto God. 
Also unto thee, O Lord, belongeth mercy: for thou renderest to every man according to his work.
102,very one that shall be found written in the book. 
And many of them that sleep in the dust of the eart
101, 
But the LORD sent out a great wind into the sea, and there was a mighty tempest in the sea, so that
112,he altar of the LORD. 
So they killed the bullocks, and the priests received the blood, and sprinkled it on the 
84, if that first covenant had been faultless, then should no place have been sought fo
118,ourners. 
I create the fruit of the lips; Peace, peace to him that is far off, and to him that is near, saith the LORD
105,e wound into the midst of the chariot. 
And there went a proclamation throughout the host about the going
100,h of Saul, and told the tidings in the ears of the people: and all the people lifted up their voices
80, able also to perform. 
And therefore it was imputed to him for righteousness. 

119, Amaziah. 
He built Eloth, and restored it to Judah, after that the king slept with his fathers. 
Sixteen years old was
90, upon thee, and make thee vile, and will set thee as a gazingstock. 
And it shall come to 
112,t if a man be just, and do that which is lawful and right, 
And hath not eaten upon the mountains, neither hath 
80,as reproved. 
So Abraham prayed unto God: and God healed Abimelech, and his wife
92,heir God had sent him to them, even all these words, 
Then spake Azariah the son of Hoshaiah
92,tly, O ye sons of men? 
Yea, in heart ye work wickedness; ye weigh the violence of your hand
112,y turned about with a very small helm, whithersoever the governor listeth. 
Even so the tongue is a little membe
115,whatsoever thing of skin it be, which thou shalt wash, if the plague be departed from them, then it shall be washed
102, will he do unto those husbandmen? 
They say unto him, He will miserably destroy those wicked men, and
116, Israel saw that the king would not hearken unto them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in
119,l a man leave his father and mother, and cleave to his wife; 
And they twain shall be one flesh: so then they are no mo
81,at spoil? 
Therefore, son of man, prophesy and say unto Gog, Thus saith the Lord 
107, people shall be gathered against them, when they shall bind themselves in their two furrows. 
And Ephraim 
101, came to pass, when Ahab heard those words, that he rent his clothes, and put sackcloth upon his fles
111,under him. But now we see not yet all things put under him. 
But we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than
106,And all the congregation of Judah, with the priests and the Levites, and all the congregation that came ou
90, my statutes, and keep not my commandments; 
Then will I visit their transgression with th
84,e, saith the LORD of hosts, in that day when I make up my jewels; and I will spare t
117,ing: and the kids of the goats for sin offering twelve. 
And all the oxen for the sacrifice of the peace offerings we
112,to it, and it shall be assured to him. 
And if he will not redeem the field, or if he have sold the field to ano
80,his LORD return unto him. 
When Ephraim spake trembling, he exalted himself in I
81,ewise not return back. 
Remember Lot's wife. 
Whosoever shall seek to save his li
91,vens, even from thy dwelling place, and do according to all that the stranger calleth to th
89,be acceptable to his brethren, and let him dip his foot in oil. 
Thy shoes shall be iron 
91,ars of heaven, and did cast them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman which 
88,slept with his fathers; and Ahaziah his son reigned in his stead. 
And Jehoshaphat the s
91,ed to the Philistines. 
And the people that were encamped heard say, Zimri hath conspired, 
86,age, and over his mark, and over the number of his name, stand on the sea of glass, ha
117, Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost. 
86,d for joy? 
Or who shut up the sea with doors, when it brake forth, as if it had issue
95,the sea, and the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer: 
But in the day
102,st, and did bake unleavened bread, and they did eat. 
But before they lay down, the men of the city, e
112,reth, 
To a virgin espoused to a man whose name was Joseph, of the house of David; and the virgin's name was Mar
108, he is come, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment: 
Of sin, because they 
112,onsumption, even determined, in the midst of all the land. 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD of hosts, O my peo
118,RD spake unto Moses, saying, 
And I, behold, I have taken the Levites from among the children of Israel instead of all
105,m are called, and chosen, and faithful. 
And he saith unto me, The waters which thou sawest, where the wh
108,e the LORD, O foolish people and unwise? is not he thy father that hath bought thee? hath he not made thee, 
118, an everlasting kingdom, and his dominion is from generation to generation. 
I Nebuchadnezzar was at rest in mine hous
114,orbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me, and
86,be the Son of God, come down from the cross. 
Likewise also the chief priests mocking 
100,ight was come, as we were driven up and down in Adria, about midnight the shipmen deemed that they d
95,RD. 
An unjust man is an abomination to the just: and he that is upright in the way is abominat
96,th year of his reign. 
It came also in the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, un
97,to them, and spake roughly unto them; and he said unto them, Whence come ye? And they said, From 
82,oidered work, and in chests of rich apparel, bound with cords, and made of cedar, 
96,bout was with three rows of hewed stones, and a row of cedar beams, both for the inner court of 
98,gainst his neighbour, and an oath be laid upon him to cause him to swear, and the oath come before
91,that Abraham bought for a sum of money of the sons of Emmor the father of Sychem. 
But when
117,vens, and their tongue walketh through the earth. 
Therefore his people return hither: and waters of a full cup are w
105, LORD that made thee, and formed thee from the womb, which will help thee; Fear not, O Jacob, my servant;
118,rds of a talebearer are as wounds, and they go down into the innermost parts of the belly. 
He also that is slothful i
118,Solomon, king of Judah, and to all Israel in Judah and Benjamin, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not go up, nor
89,adth thereof, and what is the length thereof. 
And, behold, the angel that talked with me
107,messenger to them that send him: for he refresheth the soul of his masters. 
Whoso boasteth himself of a fa
84,a charge, and said, Be strong and of a good courage: for thou shalt bring the childr
86,owed him. 
And when they drew nigh unto Jerusalem, and were come to Bethphage, unto th
93,heep, and am known of mine. 
As the Father knoweth me, even so know I the Father: and I lay d
94, be last of all, and servant of all. 
And he took a child, and set him in the midst of them: a
116,de by fire unto the LORD. 
And the drink offering thereof shall be the fourth part of an hin for the one lamb: in th
91, 
Whether Paul, or Apollos, or Cephas, or the world, or life, or death, or things present, 
105,l that David was come to Keilah. And Saul said, God hath delivered him into mine hand; for he is shut in,
105,ite, and the Girgashite, 
And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite, 
And the Arvadite, and the Zema
117, me see this great fire any more, that I die not. 
And the LORD said unto me, They have well spoken that which they h
88,t spoken and done evil things as thou couldest. 
The LORD said also unto me in the days 
120,e morning, as Moses bade: and it did not stink, neither was there any worm therein. 
And Moses said, Eat that to day; fo
112,od of Jacob. 
All the horns of the wicked also will I cut off; but the horns of the righteous shall be exalted. 
87, unto the LORD in your set feasts, beside your vows, and your freewill offerings, for y
107,ver, and with precious stones, and pleasant things. 
Thus shall he do in the most strong holds with a stran
105, 
The seventeenth to Joshbekashah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The eighteenth to Hanani
101,, and the Levites, and the rest of the children of the captivity, kept the dedication of this house o
89,he king of Judah went up to Ramothgilead. 
And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, 
95,mb with silence, I held my peace, even from good; and my sorrow was stirred. 
My heart was hot 
91,confess thy name, and turn from their sin, when thou afflictest them: 
Then hear thou in he
92,am for a burnt offering. 
And Aaron shall offer his bullock of the sin offering, which is fo
99,brother is born for adversity. 
A man void of understanding striketh hands, and becometh surety in 
88, from among the children of Israel instead of all the firstborn that openeth the matrix 
93, their captivity, the captivity of Sodom and her daughters, and the captivity of Samaria and 
88,hir the son of Manasseh, even to the one half of the children of Machir by their familie
111, the LORD. 
Then Moses said unto Aaron, This is it that the LORD spake, saying, I will be sanctified in them th
86,end a fire into the house of Hazael, which shall devour the palaces of Benhadad. 
I wi
94, flesh of kings, and the flesh of captains, and the flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of hors
112,hee, and the worms cover thee. 
How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, son of the morning! how art thou cut
108,is right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot. 
And he brought Aaron's sons, and Moses put of the 
120,entance to Israel, and forgiveness of sins. 
And we are his witnesses of these things; and so is also the Holy Ghost, wh
113,name: hear ye the rod, and who hath appointed it. 
Are there yet the treasures of wickedness in the house of the 
81,ileth me nothing, so long as I see Mordecai the Jew sitting at the king's gate. 

91,hereof, and I will set it up: 
That the residue of men might seek after the Lord, and all t
107,; and he healed them. 
And when the chief priests and scribes saw the wonderful things that he did, and the
86, land that was not sown. 
Israel was holiness unto the LORD, and the firstfruits of hi
114,shall be written for the generation to come: and the people which shall be created shall praise the LORD. 
For he 
106,. 
But and if thou marry, thou hast not sinned; and if a virgin marry, she hath not sinned. Nevertheless s
113,, I pray you, and see how this man seeketh mischief: for he sent unto me for my wives, and for my children, and f
117,here the birds make their nests: as for the stork, the fir trees are her house. 
The high hills are a refuge for the 
94,the LORD. 
Let us lift up our heart with our hands unto God in the heavens. 
We have transgres
100,teous men have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those t
102, chalkstones that are beaten in sunder, the groves and images shall not stand up. 
Yet the defenced ci
100,hast appointed for thy servant Isaac; and thereby shall I know that thou hast shewed kindness unto m
98,s wandered unto one city, to drink water; but they were not satisfied: yet have ye not returned un
115,l die in this land: they shall not be buried, neither shall men lament for them, nor cut themselves, nor make thems
100,hets prophesied so, saying, Go up to Ramothgilead, and prosper: for the LORD shall deliver it into t
82,ide with the king: for thou art a stranger, and also an exile. 
Whereas thou cames
114,rs gushed out, and the streams overflowed; can he give bread also? can he provide flesh for his people? 
Therefore
80,D delight in us, then he will bring us into this land, and give it us; a land wh
120, tribe of the children of Reuben inheritance according to their families. 
And their coast was from Aroer, that is on th
102,ude of the terrible ones shall be as chaff that passeth away: yea, it shall be at an instant suddenly.
113,hich is the glory of all lands; 
Because they despised my judgments, and walked not in my statutes, but polluted 
117, gathered the summer fruits, as the grapegleanings of the vintage: there is no cluster to eat: my soul desired the fi
90,he time that David was king in Hebron over the house of Judah was seven years and six mont
109,les, and placed them in the temple, five on the right side, and five on the left. And he made an hundred baso
104,vil from Israel. But the children of Benjamin would not hearken to the voice of their brethren the child
86,g, When will the new moon be gone, that we may sell corn? and the sabbath, that we may
85,nd do, and judge thy servants, condemning the wicked, to bring his way upon his head;
104,. And his mother's name was Azubah the daughter of Shilhi. 
And he walked in all the ways of Asa his fat
115,hat all women may be taught not to do after your lewdness. 
And they shall recompense your lewdness upon you, and y
83,he enemy? 
O send out thy light and thy truth: let them lead me; let them bring me 
88, concerning Daniel. 
Then the king went to his palace, and passed the night fasting: nei
80,of whom I have spoken in old time by my servants the prophets of Israel, which p
102,nto him, All these things have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet? 
Jesus said unto him, If thou
103,ither great or small, but carried them away, and went on their way. 
So David and his men came to the c
88, at Mareshah. 
And Asa cried unto the LORD his God, and said, LORD, it is nothing with t
94,ain unto it. 
Whither shall I go from thy spirit? or whither shall I flee from thy presence? 

95,I come out against thee with the sword. 
And the children of Israel said unto him, We will go b
110,ding joy: yea, upon the harp will I praise thee, O God my God. 
Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art
87,d out. 
Let them be before the LORD continually, that he may cut off the memory of them
93,rment? And he was speechless. 
Then said the king to the servants, Bind him hand and foot, an
109,d the LORD God of their fathers sent to them by his messengers, rising up betimes, and sending; because he ha
82, disobedient: whereunto also they were appointed. 
But ye are a chosen generation,
88,f: 
Three bowls made after the fashion of almonds in one branch, a knop and a flower; an
102,for my soul is wearied because of murderers. 
Run ye to and fro through the streets of Jerusalem, and 
86, be known here that I and thy people have found grace in thy sight? is it not in that 
101, LORD thy God, even for all this remnant; (for we are left but a few of many, as thine eyes do behold
114,on every side for thy whoredom. 
And the contrary is in thee from other women in thy whoredoms, whereas none follo
96,ere seven hundred thirty and six; their mules, two hundred forty and five; 
Their camels, four h
104, nails, that it should not be moved. 
But thou, Israel, art my servant, Jacob whom I have chosen, the se
117,people doth know that thou art a virtuous woman. 
And now it is true that I am thy near kinsman: howbeit there is a k
85,iction, with joy of the Holy Ghost. 
So that ye were ensamples to all that believe in
117,ouse were eight hundred twenty and two: and Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pelaliah, the son of Amzi, the son 
107,
And before this, Eliashib the priest, having the oversight of the chamber of the house of our God, was all
89, is stoned, and is dead. 
And it came to pass, when Jezebel heard that Naboth was stoned,
85,he land of Egypt speak the language of Canaan, and swear to the LORD of hosts; one sh
109,; it shall be burnt with fire: and as for the flesh, all that be clean shall eat thereof. 
But the soul that 
84,erefore trust thou in him. 
But now, because it is not so, he hath visited in his an
112, whether his flesh run with his issue, or his flesh be stopped from his issue, it is his uncleanness. 
Every bed
100,ce over thee for good, as he rejoiced over thy fathers: 
If thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the
96, of your power; and I will make your heaven as iron, and your earth as brass: 
And your strength
81,, and he shall say, Here I am. If thou take away from the midst of thee the yoke,
82,ndred and fifty shekels, 
And of cassia five hundred shekels, after the shekel of 
100,th make thee mad. 
But he said, I am not mad, most noble Festus; but speak forth the words of truth 
92,emple, shall not the conscience of him which is weak be emboldened to eat those things which
100,oment; but with everlasting kindness will I have mercy on thee, saith the LORD thy Redeemer. 
For th
117, roll thee down from the rocks, and will make thee a burnt mountain. 
And they shall not take of thee a stone for a c
103, the gates of thy land shall be set wide open unto thine enemies: the fire shall devour thy bars. 
Draw
87,ney, and overthrew the tables; 
And said unto them that sold doves, Take these things h
102,t move them with one of their fingers. 
But all their works they do for to be seen of men: they make b
87,ude of a palace: 
That our garners may be full, affording all manner of store: that our
81,ife of whoredoms and children of whoredoms: for the land hath committed great who
104,Azariah the son of Nathan was over the officers: and Zabud the son of Nathan was principal officer, and 
110, shalt set the altar of gold for the incense before the ark of the testimony, and put the hanging of the door 
99, to Aaron and to his sons from among the children of Israel, to do the service of the children of I
113,re of God in Christ, the law, which was four hundred and thirty years after, cannot disannul, that it should make
118,uing city, but we seek one to come. 
By him therefore let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually, that is
114,he children of Israel out of Shiloh, which is in the land of Canaan, to go unto the country of Gilead, to the land
111, every way, to keep the way of the tree of life. 
And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain,
103,stborn, and Bunah, and Oren, and Ozem, and Ahijah. 
Jerahmeel had also another wife, whose name was Ata
100,d as soon as he was come, he goeth straightway to him, and saith, Master, master; and kissed him. 
A
93,h to all generations. 
I will sing of mercy and judgment: unto thee, O LORD, will I sing. 
I 
113,ife was much set by this day in mine eyes, so let my life be much set by in the eyes of the LORD, and let him del
94, man trouble me: for I bear in my body the marks of the Lord Jesus. 
Brethren, the grace of ou
89,unto Ezra the scribe to bring the book of the law of Moses, which the LORD had commanded 
100,efore me as thou hast walked before me. 
And now, O God of Israel, let thy word, I pray thee, be ver
106,r ever unto him and his seed after him. 
And this is the thing that thou shalt do unto them to hallow them
96, David smote the Philistines, and subdued them, and took Gath and her towns out of the hand of t
109, LORD, the God of hosts, the God of Israel; If thou wilt assuredly go forth unto the king of Babylon's prince
109, thy flock to day, removing from thence all the speckled and spotted cattle, and all the brown cattle among t
98,erness by the way of the Red sea. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying, 
How long
86,ofs broken by the means of the pransings, the pransings of their mighty ones. 
Curse y
102, field, and there was none to part them, but the one smote the other, and slew him. 
And, behold, the 
99,e rejoice, O thou oppressed virgin, daughter of Zidon: arise, pass over to Chittim; there also shal
97,gainst Judah, and built Ramah, to the intent that he might let none go out or come in to Asa king
97,e. 
Let my lord, I pray thee, pass over before his servant: and I will lead on softly, according 
88, pieces, and sent her into all the coasts of Israel. 
And it was so, that all that saw i
98,fill thy bowels with this roll that I give thee. Then did I eat it; and it was in my mouth as hone
111,oor among you; for the LORD shall greatly bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inhe
82,e, enlightening the eyes. 
The fear of the LORD is clean, enduring for ever: the j
111,nd Genubath was in Pharaoh's household among the sons of Pharaoh. 
And when Hadad heard in Egypt that David sle
101,nd David set him over his guard. 
Also the valiant men of the armies were, Asahel the brother of Joab
84,t against her round about: she hath given her hand: her foundations are fallen, her 
107,died. 
Now these are the generations of the sons of Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth: and unto them were sons b
82,roll: and all their host shall fall down, as the leaf falleth off from the vine, a
84,m the door of the sheep. 
All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers: but 
81,n the time of his distress did he trespass yet more against the LORD: this is tha
120,e sent away the people that bare the present. 
But he himself turned again from the quarries that were by Gilgal, and sa
92,t they might be saved, to fill up their sins alway: for the wrath is come upon them to the u
117, 
(For they will come out after us) till we have drawn them from the city; for they will say, They flee before us, as
103,dments. 
They that fear thee will be glad when they see me; because I have hoped in thy word. 
I know, 
111,cles among you, doeth he it by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith? 
Even as Abraham believed God,
88, manner of man is this, that even the winds and the sea obey him! 
And when he was come 
114,hem shall wax old like a garment; as a vesture shalt thou change them, and they shall be changed: 
But thou art th
83,family, and I will bring you to Zion: 
And I will give you pastors according to min
83, the LORD; and six thousand were officers and judges: 
Moreover four thousand were 
101,ield shall be esteemed as a forest? 
And in that day shall the deaf hear the words of the book, and t
89,hath laboured under the sun? 
For all his days are sorrows, and his travail grief; yea, h
102,ig a pit for your friend. 
Now therefore be content, look upon me; for it is evident unto you if I lie
102,gest doest the same things. 
But we are sure that the judgment of God is according to truth against th
93,, if God so loved us, we ought also to love one another. 
No man hath seen God at any time. I
88,be to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation; and thou shalt give them unt
80,he lords of the Philistines went after them unto the border of Bethshemesh. 
And
80,the son of a stranger, an Amalekite. 
And David said unto him, How wast thou not
111,avid, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I took thee from the sheepcote, even from following the sheep, that thou sh
85,in: howbeit he attained not to the first three. 
Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, the son
96, LORD the God of hosts; and they shall afflict you from the entering in of Hemath unto the river
89, 
And I say unto you, Make to yourselves friends of the mammon of unrighteousness; that, 
85,me servants to David, and brought gifts. And the LORD preserved David whithersoever h
110,against the LORD, in that they eat with the blood. And he said, Ye have transgressed: roll a great stone unto 
82,enty thousand, shall be a profane place for the city, for dwelling, and for suburb
81, bow yourselves unto them: 
But cleave unto the LORD your God, as ye have done un
100, shall come to pass in that day, that the prophets shall be ashamed every one of his vision, when he
90,offerings. 
Whereupon certain Jews from Asia found me purified in the temple, neither with
90,rinces, the counsellors, and the captains, have consulted together to establish a royal st
108,and said unto his father, Let my father arise, and eat of his son's venison, that thy soul may bless me. 
An
104, the prophets, who have spoken in the name of the Lord, for an example of suffering affliction, and of p
81, unto Antioch. And it came to pass, that a whole year they assembled themselves w
87,enty cubits was the length thereof, according to the breadth of the house; and ten cubi
80,he manner of the purifying of the Jews, containing two or three firkins apiece. 
84,make bars of shittim wood; five for the boards of the one side of the tabernacle, 
A
96, them at that day shall be as David; and the house of David shall be as God, as the angel of the
83, you, that I may impart unto you some spiritual gift, to the end ye may be establis
89, eyes to devise froward things: moving his lips he bringeth evil to pass. 
The hoary head
109,e. 
And he said, What have I sinned, that thou wouldest deliver thy servant into the hand of Ahab, to slay me
101, the altar. 
And he shall offer of it all the fat thereof; the rump, and the fat that covereth the in
113,d he described unto him the princes of Succoth, and the elders thereof, even threescore and seventeen men. 
And h
96, year without blemish for a sin offering, and one ram without blemish for peace offerings, 
And 
117,name. 
I will praise thee, O Lord my God, with all my heart: and I will glorify thy name for evermore. 
For great is 
95,eturn, ye backsliding children, and I will heal your backslidings. Behold, we come unto thee; f
102,hey shall even be consumed by the sword and by the famine: they shall die, from the least even unto th
111,n vessels that were taken out of the temple of the house of God which was at Jerusalem; and the king, and his p
83, bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance to po
110,field that they do reap, and go thou after them: have I not charged the young men that they shall not touch th
120,tow. 
Remember ye not the former things, neither consider the things of old. 
Behold, I will do a new thing; now it shal
92, soon as it was born. 
And she brought forth a man child, who was to rule all nations with a
118, blemish in his neighbour; as he hath done, so shall it be done to him; 
Breach for breach, eye for eye, tooth for too
108,e to Naioth in Ramah. 
And he stripped off his clothes also, and prophesied before Samuel in like manner, an
92, their cities are destroyed, so that there is no man, that there is none inhabitant. 
I said
92,y all the captivity of Judah which are in Babylon, saying, The LORD make thee like Zedekiah 
117, had compassion on his people, and on his dwelling place: 
But they mocked the messengers of God, and despised his wo
114,thyself. 
And the king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and carry him back unto Amon the governor of the city, and to
99,e the LORD knew how the Pharisees had heard that Jesus made and baptized more disciples than John, 
84,not see my face, except your brother be with you. 
If thou wilt send our brother wit
120,zar was at rest in mine house, and flourishing in my palace: 
I saw a dream which made me afraid, and the thoughts upon 
103,hen thou shalt go out to battle: for God is gone forth before thee to smite the host of the Philistines
107, a branch which is among the trees of the forest? 
Shall wood be taken thereof to do any work? or will men 
107,es: for they watch for your souls, as they that must give account, that they may do it with joy, and not wi
89,u, Eleazar and Ithamar, Aaron's sons. 
And thou shalt make holy garments for Aaron thy br
81,dim, where was no water for the people to drink. 
And they departed from Rephidim
90,ger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, af
93,red above the presidents and princes, because an excellent spirit was in him; and the king th
83,his signs! and how mighty are his wonders! his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, a
93,ren fare, and take their pledge. 
Now Saul, and they, and all the men of Israel, were in the 
81, high places in the wilderness toward the daughter of my people, not to fan, nor 
99,he plague, wherewith the LORD will smite the heathen that come not up to keep the feast of tabernac
102, lord, and all his brethren have I given to him for servants; and with corn and wine have I sustained 
111,em, and pitched against it, and built forts against it round about. 
So the city was besieged unto the eleventh
108,hundred thousand chosen men, being mighty men of valour. 
And Abijah stood up upon mount Zemaraim, which is 
97, blessing. 
And his mother said unto him, Upon me be thy curse, my son: only obey my voice, and g
99,him that speaketh uprightly. 
Forasmuch therefore as your treading is upon the poor, and ye take fr
87,he crown from my head. 
He hath destroyed me on every side, and I am gone: and mine hop
99,arents, that he was born blind? 
Jesus answered, Neither hath this man sinned, nor his parents: but
117,according to thy ways and thine abominations that are in the midst of thee; and ye shall know that I am the LORD that
97,s skin: even the firstborn of death shall devour his strength. 
His confidence shall be rooted ou
120,inst the LORD already, ye intend to add more to our sins and to our trespass: for our trespass is great, and there is fi
95,im? 
But if we shall say, Of men; we fear the people; for all hold John as a prophet. 
And they
119,raightway ye say, There cometh a shower; and so it is. 
And when ye see the south wind blow, ye say, There will be heat
97, earth. 
The heaven, even the heavens, are the LORD's: but the earth hath he given to the childre
117, the house of the LORD God, and this is the altar of the burnt offering for Israel. 
And David commanded to gather to
119,left he any seed: and the third likewise. 
And the seven had her, and left no seed: last of all the woman died also. 
I
99,hs: 
That your generations may know that I made the children of Israel to dwell in booths, when I b
113,will give the men that have transgressed my covenant, which have not performed the words of the covenant which th
103,ve me: for I have sought thy precepts. 
The wicked have waited for me to destroy me: but I will conside
88,broad. 
And as they were going down to the end of the city, Samuel said to Saul, Bid the
86,ties, O Lord, who shall stand? 
But there is forgiveness with thee, that thou mayest b
85, the wilderness. 
And the king put Benaiah the son of Jehoiada in his room over the h
116, and delivered them out of the hand of the children of Israel, that they slew them not. 
And Joshua made them that d
92,y of any thing that is lent upon usury: 
Unto a stranger thou mayest lend upon usury; but un
93,
Through mighty signs and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of God; so that from Jerusalem,
114,
He that worketh deceit shall not dwell within my house: he that telleth lies shall not tarry in my sight. 
I will
99,g of Judah, in the fourth year, and in the fifth month, that Hananiah the son of Azur the prophet, 
107,, Beninu. 
The chief of the people; Parosh, Pahathmoab, Elam, Zatthu, Bani, 
Bunni, Azgad, Bebai, 
Adonijah
107, way. 
Again he went out about the sixth and ninth hour, and did likewise. 
And about the eleventh hour he 
111,hich is thine for the LORD, nor offer burnt offerings without cost. 
So David gave to Ornan for the place six h
102,rd, saying, I saw the Spirit descending from heaven like a dove, and it abode upon him. 
And I knew hi
81, 
And David left his carriage in the hand of the keeper of the carriage, and ran 
91,rt was tender, and thou didst humble thyself before God, when thou heardest his words again
92, unto Ithiel and Ucal, 
Surely I am more brutish than any man, and have not the understandin
96,LORD. 
Then spake Solomon, The LORD said that he would dwell in the thick darkness. 
I have sure
80,came, and were baptized. 
For John was not yet cast into prison. 
Then there aro
91,not go. Be not afraid of them; for they cannot do evil, neither also is it in them to do go
80,e fortress. 
For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will sling out the inhabitants o
112,ORD; she drew not near to her God. 
Her princes within her are roaring lions; her judges are evening wolves; the
80,cute them with thy tempest, and make them afraid with thy storm. 
Fill their fac
84,that hath ten pounds. 
(And they said unto him, Lord, he hath ten pounds.) 
For I sa
97, Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon, she came to prove Solomon with hard questions at Jerusalem, 
83,fended, and revenged himself upon them; 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; I will 
82,ve with the priest. 
Therefore shalt thou fall in the day, and the prophet also sh
88,use man goeth to his long home, and the mourners go about the streets: 
Or ever the silv
97,mbered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in t
103,also came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, thou dwellest in the midst of a rebellious house, which have ey
113,e demanded of them where Christ should be born. 
And they said unto him, In Bethlehem of Judaea: for thus it is w
97,and upon swift beasts, to my holy mountain Jerusalem, saith the LORD, as the children of Israel b
115, 
The beginning of the gospel of Jesus Christ, the Son of God; 
As it is written in the prophets, Behold, I send my
109, flesh, God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh: 
Th
97,t of the LORD, and died there, in the fortieth year after the children of Israel were come out of
81,ets of figs were set before the temple of the LORD, after that Nebuchadrezzar kin
89, have pardoned according to thy word: 
But as truly as I live, all the earth shall be fil
111, was foreordained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times for you, 
Who by him
118, he answered and said unto them, I will also ask you one thing; and answer me: 
The baptism of John, was it from heave
86,en years old, was feeding the flock with his brethren; and the lad was with the sons o
98,ss also, O God, is very high, who hast done great things: O God, who is like unto thee! 
Thou, whi
101,l, and the tower of Meah, even unto the sheep gate: and they stood still in the prison gate. 
So stoo
84, and my graven image, and my molten image, hath commanded them. 
Thou hast heard, se
94,go. 
But Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the portion of the
103,wn before the LORD, as at the first, forty days and forty nights: I did neither eat bread, nor drink wa
83,ery sabbath day, they have fulfilled them in condemning him. 
And though they found
115,ye may marvel. 
For as the Father raiseth up the dead, and quickeneth them; even so the Son quickeneth whom he will
104,and under my thigh, and deal kindly and truly with me; bury me not, I pray thee, in Egypt: 
But I will l
95,t: 
And they took it on that day, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls th
105,is trespass unto the LORD a ram without blemish out of the flocks, with thy estimation by shekels of silv
97,rom the table in fierce anger, and did eat no meat the second day of the month: for he was grieve
89,le be read unto all the holy brethren. 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. A
101, strong habitation, whereunto I may continually resort: thou hast given commandment to save me; for t
120,se of heart. 
Then the LORD answered Job out of the whirlwind, and said, 
Who is this that darkeneth counsel by words wi
117,oughs thereof: now also thy breasts shall be as clusters of the vine, and the smell of thy nose like apples; 
And the
118,huphan, and Huram. 
And these are the sons of Ehud: these are the heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Geba, and
100, taken; for she is a man's wife. 
But Abimelech had not come near her: and he said, LORD, wilt thou 
118, city, when their soul was poured out into their mothers' bosom. 
What thing shall I take to witness for thee? what th
91,l thee down. 
And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will call my servant Eliakim th
88, yourselves, and turn aside from the way which I have commanded you; and evil will befal
89,n the wilderness, and have tempted me now these ten times, and have not hearkened to my v
91,h as have not been done in all the earth, nor in any nation: and all the people among which
116,ng, heard it, that Jeroboam returned out of Egypt. 
And they sent and called him. So Jeroboam and all Israel came an
117, as wind? 
Yea, ye overwhelm the fatherless, and ye dig a pit for your friend. 
Now therefore be content, look upon m
91,They have seen thy goings, O God; even the goings of my God, my King, in the sanctuary. 
Th
84,ount thereof in the day of judgment. 
For by thy words thou shalt be justified, and 
92,aid, I will let you go, that ye may sacrifice to the LORD your God in the wilderness; only y
97,ring Jacob again to him, Though Israel be not gathered, yet shall I be glorious in the eyes of th
96,Israel go; as the LORD had spoken by Moses. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Go in unto Pharaoh: f
97, sheath, and will cut off from thee the righteous and the wicked. 
Seeing then that I will cut of
108,rophet departed, and waited for the king by the way, and disguised himself with ashes upon his face. 
And as
108,and open his lips against thee; 
And that he would shew thee the secrets of wisdom, that they are double to 
117,ng to the commandment of the LORD to Joshua, even the city of Arba the father of Anak, which city is Hebron. 
And Cal
115,wo hundred: 
Of the sons of Hebron; Eliel the chief, and his brethren fourscore: 
Of the sons of Uzziel; Amminadab 
118, unto you. 
Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, a
80,a proverb and a byword among all people: 
And at this house, which is high, ever
99,und. 
Moreover he said, I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the G
95,ciples answered him, From whence can a man satisfy these men with bread here in the wilderness?
89,rd, that ye henceforth walk not as other Gentiles walk, in the vanity of their mind, 
Hav
109, a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father, will he give him a stone? or if he ask a fish, will he
119,seeing I have lost my children, and am desolate, a captive, and removing to and fro? and who hath brought up these? Beh
90,leasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden,
87,erpetually, and he kept his wrath for ever: 
But I will send a fire upon Teman, which s
89,et my face like a flint, and I know that I shall not be ashamed. 
He is near that justifi
85,e son of Hammedatha the Agagite, and advanced him, and set his seat above all the pri
118,ught him that they might touch if it were but the border of his garment: and as many as touched him were made whole. 

81,vid shall be their prince for ever. 
Moreover I will make a covenant of peace wit
82,he flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above meas
92, shall lead her as with the voice of doves, tabering upon their breasts. 
But Nineveh is of 
86,ward of the wicked. 
Because thou hast made the LORD, which is my refuge, even the mos
83,f their father, because the LORD would slay them. 
And the child Samuel grew on, an
100,came to pass, that, when Abraham's servant heard their words, he worshipped the LORD, bowing himself
101,is great evil against your souls, to cut off from you man and woman, child and suckling, out of Judah
80,only to believe on him, but also to suffer for his sake; 
Having the same confli
90,inds' feet, and setteth me upon my high places. 
He teacheth my hands to war, so that a bo
93,shall know; if it be in rebellion, or if in transgression against the LORD, (save us not this
103,ose: one from among thy brethren shalt thou set king over thee: thou mayest not set a stranger over the
103,und about. 
His lightnings enlightened the world: the earth saw, and trembled. 
The hills melted like w
90,es until this day. 
Only unto the tribes of Levi he gave none inheritance; the sacrifices 
94,f his God is upon him: I am the LORD. 
And he shall take a wife in her virginity. 
A widow, or
99, sacrifice made by fire for a burnt offering unto the LORD; two young bullocks, and one ram, and se
92,g asked him secretly in his house, and said, Is there any word from the LORD? And Jeremiah s
80, earth; it hath raised up from their thrones all the kings of the nations. 
All 
100,a, and upon the people of my curse, to judgment. 
The sword of the LORD is filled with blood, it is 
94,ine hand unto them also in the wilderness, that I would scatter them among the heathen, and di
103,its. 
And the chapiters upon the two pillars had pomegranates also above, over against the belly which 
115,seven rams without blemish daily the seven days; and a kid of the goats daily for a sin offering. 
And he shall pre
83,blessed them. 
And he charged them, and said unto them, I am to be gathered unto my
120, the potters' vessel that is broken in pieces; he shall not spare: so that there shall not be found in the bursting of i
88,he and the elders of Israel. 
And there went forth a wind from the LORD, and brought qua
114,of his armour, and all that was found in his treasures: there was nothing in his house, nor in all his dominion, t
102, While the child was yet alive, I fasted and wept: for I said, Who can tell whether GOD will be gracio
87,forsaken and grieved in spirit, and a wife of youth, when thou wast refused, saith thy 
89,nd the LORD descended in the cloud, and stood with him there, and proclaimed the name of 
118,ecause ye have done this thing. 
Therefore now let your hands be strengthened, and be ye valiant: for your master Saul
117,d hear not: for they are a rebellious house. 
Therefore, thou son of man, prepare thee stuff for removing, and remove
119,itute. 
Keep me from the snares which they have laid for me, and the gins of the workers of iniquity. 
Let the wicked f
120,y and profane, and cause them to discern between the unclean and the clean. 
And in controversy they shall stand in judg
104,and they rob the threshingfloors. 
Therefore David enquired of the LORD, saying, Shall I go and smite th
92,ed, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance. 
Thou shalt not see thy brother's
89, with him. 
And it came to pass on the morrow, that Balak took Balaam, and brought him up
97,f all adversity, 
When one told me, saying, Behold, Saul is dead, thinking to have brought good t
80,f sapphire: 
Their visage is blacker than a coal; they are not known in the stre
103,; and Canaan shall be his servant. 
And Noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years. 
And 
106,. 
If thieves came to thee, if robbers by night, (how art thou cut off!) would they not have stolen till t
91,g doors; and the King of glory shall come in. 
Who is this King of glory? The LORD strong a
96, Isaac; 
(For the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the pu
120,o cease unto the end of the earth; he breaketh the bow, and cutteth the spear in sunder; he burneth the chariot in the f
80,t rejoice endeth, the joy of the harp ceaseth. 
They shall not drink wine with a
84, be forgiven him. 
And when ye shall come into the land, and shall have planted all 
117,ne to another: and the LORD hearkened, and heard it, and a book of remembrance was written before him for them that f
95, twelve cubits long, twelve broad, square in the four squares thereof. 
And the settle shall be
90,g tower from the enemy. 
I will abide in thy tabernacle for ever: I will trust in the cove
116, Art thou also become weak as we? art thou become like unto us? 
Thy pomp is brought down to the grave, and the nois
118,solitary in families: he bringeth out those which are bound with chains: but the rebellious dwell in a dry land. 
O Go
115,urse is poured upon us, and the oath that is written in the law of Moses the servant of God, because we have sinned
84,
And the children of Israel went into the midst of the sea upon the dry ground: and 
93,t he assigned Uriah unto a place where he knew that valiant men were. 
And the men of the cit
115,r I, saith the LORD, will be unto her a wall of fire round about, and will be the glory in the midst of her. 
Ho, h
86, to be poured unto the LORD for a drink offering. 
And the other lamb shalt thou offer
111,e Moabitess, the wife of Mahlon, have I purchased to be my wife, to raise up the name of the dead upon his inhe
83,ople go up; but let about two or three thousand men go up and smite Ai; and make no
93,ke David his father: 
For he walked in the ways of the kings of Israel, and made also molten 
112,d to bring thee into the place which I have prepared. 
Beware of him, and obey his voice, provoke him not; for h
94,ces: he hath destroyed his strong holds, and hath increased in the daughter of Judah mourning 
92, fourth year, and in the fifth month, that Hananiah the son of Azur the prophet, which was o
118,r heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man, which built his house upon a rock: 
86,O God our shield, and look upon the face of thine anointed. 
For a day in thy courts i
84,rist Jesus. 
And if ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according 
84, seed of our father. 
And they made their father drink wine that night: and the firs
93,ith the LORD, Let not the wise man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in h
89, Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him. 
He that l
92,ts are like two young roes that are twins. 
Thy neck is as a tower of ivory; thine eyes like
104,
They have corrupted themselves, their spot is not the spot of his children: they are a perverse and cro
100,n his head; also he armed him with a coat of mail. 
And David girded his sword upon his armour, and 
111,ouble: for according to the number of thy cities are thy gods, O Judah. 
Wherefore will ye plead with me? ye al
90,iah, and Nethaniah, and Zebadiah, and Asahel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehonathan, and Adonija
99, his trespass offering. 
And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD, a ram without blem
119,sound of the trumpet, then ye shall say, Absalom reigneth in Hebron. 
And with Absalom went two hundred men out of Jeru
118,of Midian. 
For every battle of the warrior is with confused noise, and garments rolled in blood; but this shall be wi
89,the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the priest, hath turned my wrath away from the child
106,, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of Samuel the seer, and in the book of Nathan the p
120,he interpretation thereof: but they could not shew the interpretation of the thing: 
And I have heard of thee, that thou
97,, the seed of Abraham my friend. 
Thou whom I have taken from the ends of the earth, and called t
118, of thine iniquity, and the great hatred. 
The watchman of Ephraim was with my God: but the prophet is a snare of a fo
87, out of the ivory palaces, whereby they have made thee glad. 
Kings' daughters were amo
103,hey are exceeding wise: 
The ants are a people not strong, yet they prepare their meat in the summer; 

110,dren of Pochereth of Zebaim, the children of Ami. 
All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants, 
82,owbeit he attained not unto the first three. 
And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, the
85, and to hearken unto his voice: 
And the LORD hath avouched thee this day to be his p
84,y many. 
Of the sons of Izhar; Shelomith the chief. 
Of the sons of Hebron; Jeriah t
115,dar from one side of the floor to the other. 
And his house where he dwelt had another court within the porch, whic
114,, and burnt all the palaces thereof with fire, and destroyed all the goodly vessels thereof. 
And them that had es
119,fer persecution for the cross of Christ. 
For neither they themselves who are circumcised keep the law; but desire to h
105, the land, and hast prepared thine heart to seek God. 
And Jehoshaphat dwelt at Jerusalem: and he went ou
88,king shall mourn, and the prince shall be clothed with desolation, and the hands of the 
88,e, 
LORD, make me to know mine end, and the measure of my days, what it is: that I may k
81,was told Samuel, saying, Saul came to Carmel, and, behold, he set him up a place,
112,d will cut him off from among his people. 
Sanctify yourselves therefore, and be ye holy: for I am the LORD your
90, me and to my flesh be upon Babylon, shall the inhabitant of Zion say; and my blood upon t
82,the door, and spake to the master of the house, the old man, saying, Bring forth t
81,ple, saith your God. 
Speak ye comfortably to Jerusalem, and cry unto her, that h
118,tions were of old the inhabitants of the land, as thou goest to Shur, even unto the land of Egypt. 
And David smote th
105,th thy lewdness and thy whoredoms. 
I will do these things unto thee, because thou hast gone a whoring af
87,RD am thy Saviour and thy Redeemer, the mighty One of Jacob. 
For brass I will bring go
106,e house of the LORD, that none which was unclean in any thing should enter in. 
And he took the captains o
110,
The LORD bringeth the counsel of the heathen to nought: he maketh the devices of the people of none effect. 

109, him, or increase: but fear thy God; that thy brother may live with thee. 
Thou shalt not give him thy money 
116,Seest thou a man wise in his own conceit? there is more hope of a fool than of him. 
The slothful man saith, There i
96,it came to pass, that in process of time, after the end of two years, his bowels fell out by rea
106,t believe. 
These things command and teach. 
Let no man despise thy youth; but be thou an example of the b
98, then, having received a band of men and officers from the chief priests and Pharisees, cometh thi
104,oab the son of Zeruiah perceived that the king's heart was toward Absalom. 
And Joab sent to Tekoah, and
82, Jerusalem was Uzzi the son of Bani, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Mattaniah, t
81, field was called, The field of blood, unto this day. 
Then was fulfilled that wh
86,he city, when their soul was poured out into their mothers' bosom. 
What thing shall I
114,h the sword. 
Moreover I will deliver all the strength of this city, and all the labours thereof, and all the prec
114,n a lordly dish. 
She put her hand to the nail, and her right hand to the workmen's hammer; and with the hammer sh
82,s: 
Ashdod with her towns and her villages, Gaza with her towns and her villages, 
115,m, See, thy matters are good and right; but there is no man deputed of the king to hear thee. 
Absalom said moreove
89,n unto the LORD thy God. 
If a bird's nest chance to be before thee in the way in any tre
105,es. I have not caused thee to serve with an offering, nor wearied thee with incense. 
Thou hast bought me
82,ut he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved. 
But when ye shall 
101,ch to see what he will say unto me, and what I shall answer when I am reproved. 
And the LORD answere
84,, and every bond wherewith she bound her soul shall stand. 
But if her husband hath 
103,er thee, and covered thy nakedness: yea, I sware unto thee, and entered into a covenant with thee, sait
107,re be such a thing. 
Hath a nation changed their gods, which are yet no gods? but my people have changed th
108,n the valley saw that they fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, then they forsook their cities, and f
104, of thy folds. 
For every beast of the forest is mine, and the cattle upon a thousand hills. 
I know all
108,t a beast's heart be given unto him; and let seven times pass over him. 
This matter is by the decree of the
85, thine eminent place, and shall break down thy high places: they shall strip thee als
112,ay thee, unto Solomon the king, (for he will not say thee nay,) that he give me Abishag the Shunammite to wife. 
85,ime of thy trouble: for according to the number of thy cities are thy gods, O Judah. 
114, own way; and the LORD hath laid on him the iniquity of us all. 
He was oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he op
82,said it, that they may believe that thou hast sent me. 
And when he thus had spoke
102,ws had joy and gladness, a feast and a good day. And many of the people of the land became Jews; for t
89,h above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospereth
92,or ever and ever: he hath made a decree which shall not pass. 
Praise the LORD from the eart
104,ou. 
And I will make your cities waste, and bring your sanctuaries unto desolation, and I will not smell
92,re of the dust, and all turn to dust again. 
Who knoweth the spirit of man that goeth upward
116, this generation shall not pass, till all these things be done. 
Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shal
103,ou, O Israel: who is like unto thee, O people saved by the LORD, the shield of thy help, and who is the
119, of Jotham, the son of Uzziah, king of Judah, that Rezin the king of Syria, and Pekah the son of Remaliah, king of Isra
115, nakedness. 
The nakedness of thy sister, the daughter of thy father, or daughter of thy mother, whether she be bor
82,ot one barren among them. 
As a piece of a pomegranate are thy temples within thy 
90,eak comfortably unto thy servants: for I swear by the LORD, if thou go not forth, there wi
100,ted. 
The glory of Lebanon shall come unto thee, the fir tree, the pine tree, and the box together, 
88,his children be fatherless, and his wife a widow. 
Let his children be continually vagab
108,use your good conversation in Christ. 
For it is better, if the will of God be so, that ye suffer for well d
117,f Salmon, which was the son of Naasson, 
Which was the son of Aminadab, which was the son of Aram, which was the son 
111,ou, Lo, here is Christ, or there; believe it not. 
For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and
84,and the wastes shall be builded. 
And the desolate land shall be tilled, whereas it 
109,n shall come forth out of one land: and choose thou a place, choose it at the head of the way to the city. 
A
93,g God. 
But call to remembrance the former days, in which, after ye were illuminated, ye endu
95,nd, behold, a man stood before me in bright clothing, 
And said, Cornelius, thy prayer is heard
86,ise, and make thy bed. And he arose immediately. 
And all that dwelt at Lydda and Saro
103,
In the way of righteousness is life: and in the pathway thereof there is no death. 
A wise son heareth
115,ues they have used deceit; the poison of asps is under their lips: 
Whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness: 
83,ord that this is the Son of God. 
Again the next day after John stood, and two of h
86,have off the corner of their beard, nor make any cuttings in their flesh. 
They shall 
95,e to Jeremiah concerning all the Jews which dwell in the land of Egypt, which dwell at Migdol, 
95,at goeth out, and falleth to the Chaldeans that besiege you, he shall live, and his life shall 
99,t by measure unto him. 
The Father loveth the Son, and hath given all things into his hand. 
He tha
102,ers told us of, saying, Did not the LORD bring us up from Egypt? but now the LORD hath forsaken us, an
106,ld to Rebekah: and she sent and called Jacob her younger son, and said unto him, Behold, thy brother Esau,
120,ee do I wait all the day. 
Remember, O LORD, thy tender mercies and thy lovingkindnesses; for they have been ever of old
119,rong as iron: forasmuch as iron breaketh in pieces and subdueth all things: and as iron that breaketh all these, shall 
95, whence thou art fallen, and repent, and do the first works; or else I will come unto thee quic
102,fliction; for thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt in haste: that thou mayest remember the day w
84, which teacheth thee to profit, which leadeth thee by the way that thou shouldest go
97,of Ammon, and against Edom, and against the kings of Zobah, and against the Philistines: and whit
88,y of his father's house, the offspring and the issue, all vessels of small quantity, fro
81, the children of Levi four thousand and six hundred. 
And Jehoiada was the leader
104,stles was surnamed Barnabas, (which is, being interpreted, The son of consolation,) a Levite, and of the
115,rvants, Know ye not that there is a prince and a great man fallen this day in Israel? 
And I am this day weak, thou
92,rs. 
And Nahor lived nine and twenty years, and begat Terah: 
And Nahor lived after he begat
87,ow the Anakims were there, and that the cities were great and fenced: if so be the LORD
86,heritance, obeyed; and he went out, not knowing whither he went. 
By faith he sojourne
91,e strength of an unicorn: he shall eat up the nations his enemies, and shall break their bo
114, to be your God: ye shall therefore be holy, for I am holy. 
This is the law of the beasts, and of the fowl, and o
87,to the Red sea; there remained not one locust in all the coasts of Egypt. 
But the LORD
94,me was Azubah the daughter of Shilhi. 
And he walked in the way of Asa his father, and departe
118, go up at once, and possess it; for we are well able to overcome it. 
But the men that went up with him said, We be no
116,olish questions, and genealogies, and contentions, and strivings about the law; for they are unprofitable and vain. 
101, 
And when the cloud was taken up from the tabernacle, then after that the children of Israel journey
99,cond time, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if this cup may not pass away from me, except I drink i
91,er now: for ye shall be filled. Blessed are ye that weep now: for ye shall laugh. 
Blessed 
80,ck from us. 
And it shall come to pass at that day, saith the LORD, that the hea
113,d these are the children of Dishon; Hemdan, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran. 
The children of Ezer are these; 
101, words of this law that are written in this book, that thou mayest fear this glorious and fearful nam
97, the soul of Jonathan was knit with the soul of David, and Jonathan loved him as his own soul. 
A
120,at soul shall be cut off from Israel. 
And in the first day there shall be an holy convocation, and in the seventh day t
101,oe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are as graves which appear not, and the men th
91,ur Father which is in heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, an
115,ng, and according to their appointed time every year; 
And that these days should be remembered and kept throughout
112, without blood. 
For when Moses had spoken every precept to all the people according to the law, he took the blo
119,evertheless not my will, but thine, be done. 
And there appeared an angel unto him from heaven, strengthening him. 
And
89, half of the blood he sprinkled on the altar. 
And he took the book of the covenant, and 
120,ither shall there be any remembrance of things that are to come with those that shall come after. 
I the Preacher was ki
99, prince's part to give burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and drink offerings, in the feasts, and
87,All unrighteousness is sin: and there is a sin not unto death. 
We know that whosoever 
101,ade, while she was with them. 
But Peter put them all forth, and kneeled down, and prayed; and turnin
105,ateth that which is leavened, even that soul shall be cut off from the congregation of Israel, whether he
114, now come down from the cross, and we will believe him. 
He trusted in God; let him deliver him now, if he will ha
88,w great is that darkness! 
No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one
87,esus tarried behind in Jerusalem; and Joseph and his mother knew not of it. 
But they, 
90, pass over Jordan unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee, that thou shalt set th
90,thee whither I know not; and so when I come and tell Ahab, and he cannot find thee, he sha
94,ide unto the west side, Issachar a portion. 
And by the border of Issachar, from the east side
106,t unto the Israelites for an inheritance, as I have commanded thee. 
Now therefore divide this land for an
107,the LORD, and until it was finished. So the house of the LORD was perfected. 
Then went Solomon to Eziongeb
93, help thee; and by the Almighty, who shall bless thee with blessings of heaven above, blessin
106, me, I pray thee. And the man smote him, so that in smiting he wounded him. 
So the prophet departed, and 
106,ter: that it may be well with me for thy sake; and my soul shall live because of thee. 
And it came to pas
111,e graven images did excel them of Jerusalem and of Samaria; 
Shall I not, as I have done unto Samaria and her i
86,d do this thing: shall I drink the blood of these men that have put their lives in jeo
82,e, and Sarah shall have a son. 
Then Sarah denied, saying, I laughed not; for she 
97,d, and wonder marvelously: for I will work a work in your days which ye will not believe, though 
93, him, all the firstborn among the children of Israel. 
And all the firstborn males by the num
88,is people draw near me with their mouth, and with their lips do honour me, but have remo
109,d reprove one that hath understanding, and he will understand knowledge. 
He that wasteth his father, and cha
85, to pass in the mean while, that the heaven was black with clouds and wind, and there
104, wife; her food, her raiment, and her duty of marriage, shall he not diminish. 
And if he do not these t
112,n, and shall be eaten: as a teil tree, and as an oak, whose substance is in them, when they cast their leaves: s
118,em: in his love and in his pity he redeemed them; and he bare them, and carried them all the days of old. 
But they re
89,day. 
And Hiram sent to the king sixscore talents of gold. 
And this is the reason of the
117,ad, whom the men of Gath that were born in that land slew, because they came down to take away their cattle. 
And Eph
94,life, which bare twelve manner of fruits, and yielded her fruit every month: and the leaves of
89,. 
But in all Israel there was none to be so much praised as Absalom for his beauty: from
88,forth out of thy loins, he shall build the house for my name. 
The LORD therefore hath p
84,s old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war; 
Those that were numbered o
118, quarrel against him, and would have killed him; but she could not: 
For Herod feared John, knowing that he was a just
86,things we offend all. If any man offend not in word, the same is a perfect man, and ab
117,aham begat Isaac: 
And Isaac was forty years old when he took Rebekah to wife, the daughter of Bethuel the Syrian of 
108, Jacob, both the chariot and horse are cast into a dead sleep. 
Thou, even thou, art to be feared: and who m
81,Hezekiah the king rose early, and gathered the rulers of the city, and went up to
102,ll we have therefore? 
And Jesus said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That ye which have followed me
99,s; let us see if the vine flourish, whether the tender grape appear, and the pomegranates bud forth
105, shall be snares and traps unto you, and scourges in your sides, and thorns in your eyes, until ye perish
85,amentation, and bitter weeping; Rahel weeping for her children refused to be comforte
111,ling was in his hand: and he drew near to the Philistine. 
And the Philistine came on and drew near unto David;
89,er her, thou heaven, and ye holy apostles and prophets; for God hath avenged you on her. 
81,d, Leave us not, I pray thee; forasmuch as thou knowest how we are to encamp in t
93,from sixty years old and above; if it be a male, then thy estimation shall be fifteen shekels
104,room furnished and prepared: there make ready for us. 
And his disciples went forth, and came into the c
