1000
86, eye also of the adulterer waiteth for the twilight, saying, No eye shall see me: and 
119, them. 
All things come alike to all: there is one event to the righteous, and to the wicked; to the good and to the cl
82, the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body. 
For we which live are
82, tarrying, O my God. 
Blessed is he that considereth the poor: the LORD will deliv
115,d unto the LORD, saying, What shall I do unto this people? they be almost ready to stone me. 
And the LORD said unt
108,rt my bone and my flesh. And he abode with him the space of a month. 
And Laban said unto Jacob, Because tho
102,ted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of t
90,ngs unto other gods, to provoke me to anger. 
For the children of Israel and the children 
84,he LORD. 
But go ye now unto my place which was in Shiloh, where I set my name at th
97, the first in the kingdom;) 
What shall we do unto the queen Vashti according to law, because she
89,ecome dross, thy wine mixed with water: 
Thy princes are rebellious, and companions of th
84,rks. 
Glory ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the LORD. 

89,in at the doors. 
Unto you, O men, I call; and my voice is to the sons of man. 
O ye simp
99,he would go to Jerusalem. 
And when his disciples James and John saw this, they said, Lord, wilt th
100,me, to pass for them through the fire, to devour them. 
Moreover this they have done unto me: they h
96,and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, so that the wrath of the LORD came not upon them in the days o
91,ine that night also: and the younger arose, and lay with him; and he perceived not when she
96,nd they have caused him to ride upon the king's mule: 
And Zadok the priest and Nathan the proph
105,me, and thy right hand shall hold me. 
If I say, Surely the darkness shall cover me; even the night shall
85,en he had tasted thereof, he would not drink. 
And they crucified him, and parted his
115,f them, and his hands waxed feeble: anguish took hold of him, and pangs as of a woman in travail. 
Behold, he shall
83,t hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels which are in heaven, neither the Son, but
89,into the pit; then ye shall understand that these men have provoked the LORD. 
And it cam
110,firstling of a cow, or the firstling of a sheep, or the firstling of a goat, thou shalt not redeem; they are h
107,regation sought unto it. 
And Solomon went up thither to the brasen altar before the LORD, which was at the
107,ard us, to come to cast us out of thy possession, which thou hast given us to inherit. 
O our God, wilt tho
112,avened bread, when the passover must be killed. 
And he sent Peter and John, saying, Go and prepare us the passo
81, sprung up, and choked them: 
But other fell into good ground, and brought forth 
98,d their gold have they made them idols, that they may be cut off. 
Thy calf, O Samaria, hath cast 
114,ll ye observe to offer unto me in their due season. 
And thou shalt say unto them, This is the offering made by fi
83, would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets. 
Wherefore y
109,the father of Ziph; and the sons of Mareshah the father of Hebron. 
And the sons of Hebron; Korah, and Tappua
105,answered, Chimham shall go over with me, and I will do to him that which shall seem good unto thee: and w
110,n shall obey them. 
And the LORD shall utterly destroy the tongue of the Egyptian sea; and with his mighty win
105, as the mouth tasteth meat. 
Let us choose to us judgment: let us know among ourselves what is good. 
For
113,ay do according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses. 
And Josiah gave to the people, of the flock, lambs
111,ou. 
And I commanded Joshua at that time, saying, Thine eyes have seen all that the LORD your God hath done unt
118,y the river reigned in his stead. 
And Saul died, and Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead. 
And Baalhanan
93, be sundered. 
By his neesings a light doth shine, and his eyes are like the eyelids of the m
96,secute my soul, and take it; yea, let him tread down my life upon the earth, and lay mine honour
116, Dimon, lions upon him that escapeth of Moab, and upon the remnant of the land. 
Send ye the lamb to the ruler of th
117,e of Hamath; and the goings forth of the border shall be to Zedad: 
And the border shall go on to Ziphron, and the go
114,ry thing give thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you. 
Quench not the Spirit. 
Despise
112,cried out, saying, What have we to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of God? art thou come hither to torment us befo
101, any thing: this hath more rest than the other. 
Yea, though he live a thousand years twice told, yet
92,d are spoiled, they have slept their sleep: and none of the men of might have found their ha
117, not give her light. 
All the bright lights of heaven will I make dark over thee, and set darkness upon thy land, sai
82,h the LORD, Because thou hast let go out of thy hand a man whom I appointed to utt
88,He spake unto them in the cloudy pillar: they kept his testimonies, and the ordinance th
115,se lands into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, my servant; and the beasts of the field have I given 
108,e had no comforter. O LORD, behold my affliction: for the enemy hath magnified himself. 
The adversary hath 
94, now a man that can play well, and bring him to me. 
Then answered one of the servants, and sa
106,eph returned into Egypt, he, and his brethren, and all that went up with him to bury his father, after he 
100,s, and months, and times, and years. 
I am afraid of you, lest I have bestowed upon you labour in va
82,vid and his men went up, and invaded the Geshurites, and the Gezrites, and the Ama
120,antly. 
Out of Jacob shall come he that shall have dominion, and shall destroy him that remaineth of the city. 
And when
81,f cattle. 
And Pharaoh rose up in the night, he, and all his servants, and all th
109, the taking of Babylon the earth is moved, and the cry is heard among the nations. 
Thus saith the LORD; Beho
118,called upon thy name, O LORD, out of the low dungeon. 
Thou hast heard my voice: hide not thine ear at my breathing, a
90,vereth the inwards, 
And the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, which is by the fla
86,I am come into my garden, my sister, my spouse: I have gathered my myrrh with my spice
85,ities of Samaria, shall surely come to pass. 
After this thing Jeroboam returned not 
106, but deliver us from evil. 
And he said unto them, Which of you shall have a friend, and shall go unto him
108,e scribe, and told all the words in the ears of the king. 
So the king sent Jehudi to fetch the roll: and he
83,orruption; 
And shall receive the reward of unrighteousness, as they that count it 
110,the moon, and as a faithful witness in heaven. Selah. 
But thou hast cast off and abhorred, thou hast been wro
94,ot of beast shall pass through it, neither shall it be inhabited forty years. 
And I will make
93,of his hands were cut off upon the threshold; only the stump of Dagon was left to him. 
There
101,RD. 
By the word of the LORD were the heavens made; and all the host of them by the breath of his mou
80,, I die: and God will surely visit you, and bring you out of this land unto the 
114,camels, four hundred thirty and five; their asses, six thousand seven hundred and twenty. 
And some of the chief o
102,Of clean beasts, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fowls, and of every thing that creepeth upon
118, by him. 
Howbeit there is not in every man that knowledge: for some with conscience of the idol unto this hour eat it
113, of his seed. 
And David answered Rechab and Baanah his brother, the sons of Rimmon the Beerothite, and said unto
114,es to pass. 
Cease from anger, and forsake wrath: fret not thyself in any wise to do evil. 
For evildoers shall be
96, possess the land which I have given you; then ye rebelled against the commandment of the LORD y
107, wicked servant, I forgave thee all that debt, because thou desiredst me: 
Shouldest not thou also have had
88,th the Lord GOD; whether they will hear, or whether they will forbear. 
Then the spirit 
112,. 
And after that I looked, and, behold, the temple of the tabernacle of the testimony in heaven was opened: 
An
91,with me to battle to Ramothgilead? And Jehoshaphat said to the king of Israel, I am as thou
103,t out and broughtest in Israel: and the LORD thy God said unto thee, Thou shalt feed my people Israel, 
108,d the Levites were purified together, all of them were pure, and killed the passover for all the children of
89,arai's maid, whence camest thou? and whither wilt thou go? And she said, I flee from the 
119,ss shall be uncovered, yea, thy shame shall be seen: I will take vengeance, and I will not meet thee as a man. 
As for 
118,om thee, shall mock thee, which art infamous and much vexed. 
Behold, the princes of Israel, every one were in thee to
94,d ye shall be driven out every man right forth; and none shall gather up him that wandereth. 

118,of Israel; Wherefore commit ye this great evil against your souls, to cut off from you man and woman, child and suckli
109, Grace be with you all. Amen. 
Paul, a prisoner of Jesus Christ, and Timothy our brother, unto Philemon our d
90,y father is a man of war, and will not lodge with the people. 
Behold, he is hid now in so
113, that come after shall not rejoice in him. Surely this also is vanity and vexation of spirit. 
Keep thy foot when
107, who will say unto him, What doest thou? 
If God will not withdraw his anger, the proud helpers do stoop un
90,nto them, Thus saith the LORD; Shall they fall, and not arise? shall he turn away, and not
111,and put sackcloth upon his loins, and mourned for his son many days. 
And all his sons and all his daughters ro
112,ge, until the day that Noe entered into the ark, and the flood came, and destroyed them all. 
Likewise also as i
96,vid saw that the LORD had answered him in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite, then he sacr
99,rsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, that they might provoke me to anger with all th
84,he had touched him, and how she was healed immediately. 
And he said unto her, Daugh
118,
That the LORD spake unto me, saying, 
Thou art to pass over through Ar, the coast of Moab, this day: 
And when thou c
90,ch a dead dog as I am? 
Then the king called to Ziba, Saul's servant, and said unto him, I
85, and the trumpet in Ramah: cry aloud at Bethaven, after thee, O Benjamin. 
Ephraim sh
114,h will not obey the voice of his father, or the voice of his mother, and that, when they have chastened him, will 
82,: I will demand of thee, and declare thou unto me. 
Wilt thou also disannul my jud
100,d blessed Jacob, and sent him away to Padanaram, to take him a wife from thence; and that as he bles
110, washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I am innocent of the blood of this just person: see ye to it. 
95,ot thou thy tender mercies from me, O LORD: let thy lovingkindness and thy truth continually pr
118,hich pertain to God. 
For I will not dare to speak of any of those things which Christ hath not wrought by me, to make
110,e also up unto the feast, not openly, but as it were in secret. 
Then the Jews sought him at the feast, and sa
98,iah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah. 
Hear, O heavens, and give ear, O earth: for the 
108,. 
Their webs shall not become garments, neither shall they cover themselves with their works: their works a
86,s were girded with fine gold of Uphaz: 
His body also was like the beryl, and his face
92,ingdom of the LORD over Israel. 
And he said unto me, Solomon thy son, he shall build my hou
83,the testimony in the tabernacle of the congregation, where I will meet with thee: i
115,his work. 
The sons of Simeon were, Nemuel, and Jamin, Jarib, Zerah, and Shaul: 
Shallum his son, Mibsam his son, M
115,shalt be hid from the scourge of the tongue: neither shalt thou be afraid of destruction when it cometh. 
At destru
118,four thousand: and he sent them away. 
And straightway he entered into a ship with his disciples, and came into the pa
96,eople give I it thee: bury thy dead. 
And Abraham bowed down himself before the people of the la
101,glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages, world without end. Amen. 
I therefore, the p
104,thers. 
The word that came to Jeremiah concerning all the people of Judah in the fourth year of Jehoiaki
90,; Hazarhatticon, which is by the coast of Hauran. 
And the border from the sea shall be Ha
113, was before the building toward the north. 
Before the length of an hundred cubits was the north door, and the br
118,physician, and Demas, greet you. 
Salute the brethren which are in Laodicea, and Nymphas, and the church which is in h
108,earth, O LORD, is full of thy mercy: teach me thy statutes. 
Thou hast dealt well with thy servant, O LORD, 
120,ove his own work, and then shall he have rejoicing in himself alone, and not in another. 
For every man shall bear his o
91, are consumed by thine anger, and by thy wrath are we troubled. 
Thou hast set our iniquiti
97,undred throughout all the tribes of Israel, and an hundred of a thousand, and a thousand out of t
114,vid went on, and grew great, and the LORD God of hosts was with him. 
And Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to Da
83,: the cankerworm spoileth, and fleeth away. 
Thy crowned are as the locusts, and th
90,peace of the city whither I have caused you to be carried away captives, and pray unto the
81,m away from Isaac his son, while he yet lived, eastward, unto the east country. 

85,he living which walk under the sun, with the second child that shall stand up in his 
85,, that Pharaoh dreamed: and, behold, he stood by the river. 
And, behold, there came 
112,cedars, how gracious shalt thou be when pangs come upon thee, the pain as of a woman in travail! 
As I live, sai
80,, they laid hold upon one Simon, a Cyrenian, coming out of the country, and on h
109,n on things above, not on things on the earth. 
For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God. 
Wh
112,regardest me not. 
Thou art become cruel to me: with thy strong hand thou opposest thyself against me. 
Thou lif
117,apped about my head. 
I went down to the bottoms of the mountains; the earth with her bars was about me for ever: yet
93, sent out his arrows, and scattered them; and he shot out lightnings, and discomfited them. 

100,hem to be removed into all kingdoms of the earth, because of Manasseh the son of Hezekiah king of Ju
113,venge, nor bear any grudge against the children of thy people, but thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself: I am
84, cut off by slaughter. 
For thy violence against thy brother Jacob shame shall cover
91,ive as the corn, and grow as the vine: the scent thereof shall be as the wine of Lebanon. 

81,God of their fathers, and to do the law and the commandment. 
Also he took away o
118,ars and rumours of wars, be ye not troubled: for such things must needs be; but the end shall not be yet. 
For nation 
95,or all the people that were left of the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the
99, of our God, or stretched out our hands to a strange god; 
Shall not God search this out? for he kn
120,oeth out of his mouth. 
In his neck remaineth strength, and sorrow is turned into joy before him. 
The flakes of his fle
81,to them, Thus saith the Lord GOD unto the shepherds; Woe be to the shepherds of I
92, 
About whom, when I was at Jerusalem, the chief priests and the elders of the Jews informed
89, days is in her right hand; and in her left hand riches and honour. 
Her ways are ways of
95,ering and the meat offering; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And he set the laver between the ten
106,s? return to thy place, and abide with the king: for thou art a stranger, and also an exile. 
Whereas thou
112, is blemish, or any evilfavouredness: for that is an abomination unto the LORD thy God. 
If there be found among
119,s Caesar. 
Then the disciples, every man according to his ability, determined to send relief unto the brethren which dw
94, they might be made manifest that they were not all of us. 
But ye have an unction from the Ho
85,sdom that I have more than any living, but for their sakes that shall make known the 
83, beast; neither was there any peace to him that went out or came in because of the 
97, the pit. 
They that see thee shall narrowly look upon thee, and consider thee, saying, Is this t
112, thy God, thou hast loved a reward upon every cornfloor. 
The floor and the winepress shall not feed them, and t
99, that they may rob the fatherless! 
And what will ye do in the day of visitation, and in the desola
97,an to my wounding, and a young man to my hurt. 
If Cain shall be avenged sevenfold, truly Lamech 
108,that he may testify unto them, lest they also come into this place of torment. 
Abraham saith unto him, They
105,aith have made shipwreck: 
Of whom is Hymenaeus and Alexander; whom I have delivered unto Satan, that the
88,ranches. 
The shield of his mighty men is made red, the valiant men are in scarlet: the 
115,also thundered in the heavens, and the Highest gave his voice; hail stones and coals of fire. 
Yea, he sent out his
82,ing upon the altar: and the priest shall make an atonement for him, and he shall b
100,nd cry; tell ye it in Arnon, that Moab is spoiled, 
And judgment is come upon the plain country; upo
103,erteth the judgment of the stranger, fatherless, and widow. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
Cursed
109,face to face. Peace be to thee. Our friends salute thee. Greet the friends by name. 
Jude, the servant of Jes
106, Peradventure thou wouldest take by force thy daughters from me. 
With whomsoever thou findest thy gods, l
95,h was healed held Peter and John, all the people ran together unto them in the porch that is ca
105, in Jacob, and appointed a law in Israel, which he commanded our fathers, that they should make them know
86,unded, all of them: they shall go to confusion together that are makers of idols. 
But
106,y, when thou liest down, and when thou risest up. 
And thou shalt write them upon the door posts of thine 
100,ey had the cities of their lot out of the tribe of Ephraim. 
For they gave them Shechem with her sub
87, men. 
And when they had brought their ships to land, they forsook all, and followed hi
85,e heathen, whither the LORD shall lead you. 
And there ye shall serve gods, the work 
95,shall pluck away his crop with his feathers, and cast it beside the altar on the east part, by 
108, their enemies: and if any man will hurt them, he must in this manner be killed. 
These have power to shut h
111,. 
And all Judah rejoiced at the oath: for they had sworn with all their heart, and sought him with their whole
84,ld. 
O house of Aaron, trust in the LORD: he is their help and their shield. 
Ye tha
115,give them for a prey in the land of captivity: 
And cover not their iniquity, and let not their sin be blotted out 
103,ed, and upon them two hundred loaves of bread, and an hundred bunches of raisins, and an hundred of sum
80,rs, how can ye escape the damnation of hell? 
Wherefore, behold, I send unto you
80,heir soul from death, but gave their life over to the pestilence; 
And smote all
97, forth mine armies, and my people the children of Israel, out of the land of Egypt by great judgm
96,nton against Christ, they will marry; 
Having damnation, because they have cast off their first 
115,nd Ephraim, and Simeon, even unto Naphtali, with their mattocks round about. 
And when he had broken down the altar
87,kiah, and healed the people. 
And the children of Israel that were present at Jerusalem
105, better to thee than seven sons, hath born him. 
And Naomi took the child, and laid it in her bosom, and 
106,l magnify himself in his heart, and by peace shall destroy many: he shall also stand up against the Prince
108,r the reapers, Whose damsel is this? 
And the servant that was set over the reapers answered and said, It is
111,t unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ. 
Wherefore he saith, When
103,ple of the city was with her. 
And when the Lord saw her, he had compassion on her, and said unto her, 
113,hat bear the vessels of the LORD. 
For ye shall not go out with haste, nor go by flight: for the LORD will go bef
84,alt not anoint thyself with the oil; for thine olive shall cast his fruit. 
Thou sha
88, 
And he that eateth of the carcase of it shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until t
105, and the inspiration of the Almighty giveth them understanding. 
Great men are not always wise: neither d
100, hand of the Chaldeans, that fight against it, because of the sword, and of the famine, and of the p
85,efend the poor and fatherless: do justice to the afflicted and needy. 
Deliver the po
93,k remaineth strength, and sorrow is turned into joy before him. 
The flakes of his flesh are 
118,y returned home again. 
And when we had finished our course from Tyre, we came to Ptolemais, and saluted the brethren,
108, Satan unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins, and inheritance among them which are sanctified 
95,reatness, in making known all these great things. 
O LORD, there is none like thee, neither is 
94,l be a place for the spreading of nets in the midst of the sea: for I have spoken it, saith th
107,ome in unto you: for surely they will turn away your heart after their gods: Solomon clave unto these in lo
114,city of Lycia. 
And there the centurion found a ship of Alexandria sailing into Italy; and he put us therein. 
And
113, 
And unto the children of Israel thou shalt speak, saying, Take ye a kid of the goats for a sin offering; and a 
102,d the kingdom from thee, and will give it to thy servant. 
Notwithstanding in thy days I will not do i
85, and there is none that can deliver out of my hand: I will work, and who shall let it
112,dent boasting. 
Therefore I thought it necessary to exhort the brethren, that they would go before unto you, and
94,shdod, with their villages: 
Ashdod with her towns and her villages, Gaza with her towns and h
92, had hewn out in the rock: and he rolled a great stone to the door of the sepulchre, and dep
114,as a man named Joseph, a counsellor; and he was a good man, and a just: 
(The same had not consented to the counse
108, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind, 
Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revi
94,h, the son of Gershom, the son of Levi. 
And their brethren the sons of Merari stood on the le
105,fferings of the LORD made by fire, in the day when he presented them to minister unto the LORD in the pri
111,e voice of the cry of the daughter of my people because of them that dwell in a far country: Is not the LORD in
84, up his blood; and they washed his armour; according unto the word of the LORD which
90,hing of skin; it is a plague of leprosy, and shall be shewed unto the priest: 
And the pri
87,the LORD hath broken thy works. And the ships were broken, that they were not able to g
100, taught the men of Succoth. 
And he beat down the tower of Penuel, and slew the men of the city. 
Th
95, we say after this? for we have forsaken thy commandments, 
Which thou hast commanded by thy se
106,I said in mine heart, Go to now, I will prove thee with mirth, therefore enjoy pleasure: and, behold, this
113,and hath the LORD brought thee out of Egypt. 
Thou shalt therefore keep this ordinance in his season from year to
96, what death he should die. 
Then Pilate entered into the judgment hall again, and called Jesus, 
82,do this thing before all Israel, and before the sun. 
And David said unto Nathan, 
108,, with such things as belonged to her, and seven maidens, which were meet to be given her, out of the king's
111, God? Yet ye have robbed me. But ye say, Wherein have we robbed thee? In tithes and offerings. 
Ye are cursed w
90,its high. 
And five cubits was the one wing of the cherub, and five cubits the other wing 
102,
That I gave my brother Hanani, and Hananiah the ruler of the palace, charge over Jerusalem: for he wa
100,t's name was Malchus. 
Then said Jesus unto Peter, Put up thy sword into the sheath: the cup which m
117,ame and everlasting contempt. 
And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament; and they that tu
100,d passeth away. 
But I would have you without carefulness. He that is unmarried careth for the thing
100,hold, the days are coming, in the which they shall say, Blessed are the barren, and the wombs that n
103, his Son, that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my prayers; 
Making request, if by any m
110, of this world be cast out. 
And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me. 
This he said
107, the fear of God. 
Receive us; we have wronged no man, we have corrupted no man, we have defrauded no man. 
100,haste to get away for fear of Saul; for Saul and his men compassed David and his men round about to 
87,they slew of Moab at that time about ten thousand men, all lusty, and all men of valour
87, according to the houses of their fathers, throughout all Judah and Benjamin: and he nu
80,nd ye shall eat flesh: for ye have wept in the ears of the LORD, saying, Who sha
96,the evil away from among you. 
And those which remain shall hear, and fear, and shall henceforth
108,he LORD. 
All the flocks of Kedar shall be gathered together unto thee, the rams of Nebaioth shall minister 
90,drew the sword. 
So the children of Benjamin saw that they were smitten: for the men of Is
109,aw of his to put him to death, except such to whom the king shall hold out the golden sceptre, that he may li
104, horses in the vision, and them that sat on them, having breastplates of fire, and of jacinth, and brims
120,he heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years: 
And le
103,h ye shall possess served their gods, upon the high mountains, and upon the hills, and under every gree
106, sin, in any sin that he sinneth: at the mouth of two witnesses, or at the mouth of three witnesses, shall
92,ons of Shelah the son of Judah were, Er the father of Lecah, and Laadah the father of Maresh
110,ey went, but to the place whither the head looked they followed it; they turned not as they went. 
And their w
97, have called unto them, but they have not answered. 
And Jeremiah said unto the house of the Rech
91, thee, Art thou come to take a spoil? hast thou gathered thy company to take a prey? to car
115, of the Philistines be upon him. 
And David said unto Saul, Who am I? and what is my life, or my father's family in
93, for I have hardened his heart, and the heart of his servants, that I might shew these my sig
85,s maid bare Jacob a second son. 
And Leah said, Happy am I, for the daughters will ca
93,dy to go up into the hill. 
And the LORD said unto me, Say unto them. Go not up, neither figh
82,nto us: 
Only unto the land of the children of Ammon thou camest not, nor unto any
110,ranslation he had this testimony, that he pleased God. 
But without faith it is impossible to please him: for 
82,ieces, and wash the inwards of him, and his legs, and put them unto his pieces, an
84,e to minister or come unto him. 
And after certain days, when Felix came with his wi
110,the sin offering, that is for the people, and bring his blood within the vail, and do with that blood as he di
89, thine eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: it is better for thee to ent
105,in building you an altar beside the altar of the LORD our God. 
Did not Achan the son of Zerah commit a t
98,ffering thereof shall be two tenth deals of fine flour mingled with oil, an offering made by fire 
88,ss come upon you: for he that walketh in darkness knoweth not whither he goeth. 
While y
80,hey of the people and kindreds and tongues and nations shall see their dead bodi
110,ea, let them take counsel together: who hath declared this from ancient time? who hath told it from that time?
106,to the one half of the children of Machir by their families. 
These are the countries which Moses did dist
114,urn no more, nor see his native country. 
For thus saith the LORD touching Shallum the son of Josiah king of Judah
108,dad fled, he and certain Edomites of his father's servants with him, to go into Egypt; Hadad being yet a lit
93,nocent blood, to slay David without a cause? 
And Saul hearkened unto the voice of Jonathan: 
102,shall they seek a vision of the prophet; but the law shall perish from the priest, and counsel from th
85, hundred and ninety days shalt thou eat thereof. 
And thy meat which thou shalt eat s
109,engers unto Jesse, and said, Send me David thy son, which is with the sheep. 
And Jesse took an ass laden wit
113,ers by posts on horseback, and riders on mules, camels, and young dromedaries: 
Wherein the king granted the Jews
116,is, Hear, O Israel; The Lord our God is one Lord: 
And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with
119,y chose Stephen, a man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, and Philip, and Prochorus, and Nicanor, and Timon, and Parm
117,favoured kine that came up after them are seven years; and the seven empty ears blasted with the east wind shall be s
84,ntry another way. 
And when they were departed, behold, the angel of the Lord appear
103, LORD most high is terrible; he is a great King over all the earth. 
He shall subdue the people under u
106, the eyes of the Lord GOD are upon the sinful kingdom, and I will destroy it from off the face of the eart
81,hall be rendered unto him. 
The way of a fool is right in his own eyes: but he th
119,en the two walls for the water of the old pool: but ye have not looked unto the maker thereof, neither had respect unto
81,te you. 
We know that we have passed from death unto life, because we love the br
107,do good to them which do good to you, what thank have ye? for sinners also do even the same. 
And if ye len
115,ither goest thou? and whose are these before thee? 
Then thou shalt say, They be thy servant Jacob's; it is a prese
112,se: 
And let him that is in the field not turn back again for to take up his garment. 
But woe to them that are 
96,ation of the gospel of peace; 
Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able
109,peth all the night; in the morning it burneth as a flaming fire. 
They are all hot as an oven, and have devou
88, sinned against thee. 
O the hope of Israel, the saviour thereof in time of trouble, why
120,ill cause righteousness and praise to spring forth before all the nations. 
For Zion's sake will I not hold my peace, an
84,o honour, and another unto dishonour? 
What if God, willing to shew his wrath, and t
92,e prisoner, whomsoever they desired. 
And there was one named Barabbas, which lay bound with
106,
To an inheritance incorruptible, and undefiled, and that fadeth not away, reserved in heaven for you, 
Wh
99,Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body, that ye should obey it in the lusts thereof. 
Neit
111,war passed over before the LORD unto battle, to the plains of Jericho. 
On that day the LORD magnified Joshua i
115,ean bare, and cast it away; the branches thereof are made white. 
Lament like a virgin girded with sackcloth for th
102, will I also deny before my Father which is in heaven. 
Think not that I am come to send peace on eart
101,either evil nor transgression in mine hand, and I have not sinned against thee; yet thou huntest my s
107,rsoever thy face is set. 
I will also smite mine hands together, and I will cause my fury to rest: I the LO
92,l be, when the LORD shall give you in the evening flesh to eat, and in the morning bread to 
91,louds, and his chariots shall be as a whirlwind: his horses are swifter than eagles. Woe un
119, within, and defile the man. 
And from thence he arose, and went into the borders of Tyre and Sidon, and entered into a
86,ry upon the heathen, such as they have not heard. 
Hear ye now what the LORD saith; Ar
115,ch shall be low out of the dust, and thy voice shall be, as of one that hath a familiar spirit, out of the ground, 
89,te thee have lifted up the head. 
They have taken crafty counsel against thy people, and 
100, LORD thy God with all thy heart and with all thy soul, 
To keep the commandments of the LORD, and h
118,be thy son's coat or no. 
And he knew it, and said, It is my son's coat; an evil beast hath devoured him; Joseph is wi
98,wherein ye dwell. 
Moreover it shall come to pass, that I shall do unto you, as I thought to do un
91, mention of thy name. 
They are dead, they shall not live; they are deceased, they shall no
114,hall not be in the assembly of my people, neither shall they be written in the writing of the house of Israel, nei
83,froward mouth, do I hate. 
Counsel is mine, and sound wisdom: I am understanding; I
119,did hear my voice out of his temple, and my cry did enter into his ears. 
Then the earth shook and trembled; the founda
101,come up again, and had broken bread, and eaten, and talked a long while, even till break of day, so h
88, son of Manasseh were brought up upon Joseph's knees. 
And Joseph said unto his brethren
111,m to whom it appertaineth, in the day of his trespass offering. 
And he shall bring his trespass offering unto 
110,, if he be in the land, that I will search him out throughout all the thousands of Judah. 
And they arose, and
110,d said unto the women, Fear not ye: for I know that ye seek Jesus, which was crucified. 
He is not here: for h
112,ph. 
And he said unto his people, Behold, the people of the children of Israel are more and mightier than we: 
C
96,ons. 
This is my covenant, which ye shall keep, between me and you and thy seed after thee; Ever
90,f the temple were squared, and the face of the sanctuary; the appearance of the one as the
105,given thee: the unclean and the clean may eat thereof, as of the roebuck, and as of the hart. 
Only ye sh
81, great horn that is between his eyes is the first king. 
Now that being broken, w
107,d with his hand: so Saul was refreshed, and was well, and the evil spirit departed from him. 
Now the Phili
87,eir persecutors thou threwest into the deeps, as a stone into the mighty waters. 
Moreo
99,s brother, by profaning the covenant of our fathers? 
Judah hath dealt treacherously, and an abomin
84, O our God, what shall we say after this? for we have forsaken thy commandments, 
Wh
111,ness unto thy servant: 
Therefore now let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant, that it may continu
89,eeding themselves without fear: clouds they are without water, carried about of winds; tr
105,horn was broken; and for it came up four notable ones toward the four winds of heaven. 
And out of one of
100, it shall come to pass, that every one that is left of all the nations which came against Jerusalem 
80,Joezer, and Jashobeam, the Korhites, 
And Joelah, and Zebadiah, the sons of Jero
100, were broken off, and thou standest by faith. Be not highminded, but fear: 
For if God spared not th
119,hen a wicked man dieth, his expectation shall perish: and the hope of unjust men perisheth. 
The righteous is delivered
107, any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which ought not to be done, and shall do against any
119,in love. 
We love him, because he first loved us. 
If a man say, I love God, and hateth his brother, he is a liar: for 
80,e Lamb of God! 
And the two disciples heard him speak, and they followed Jesus. 
113,d thou shalt rear up the tabernacle according to the fashion thereof which was shewed thee in the mount. 
And tho
87,t fan them, and the wind shall carry them away, and the whirlwind shall scatter them: a
105, by Dagon. 
And when they of Ashdod arose early on the morrow, behold, Dagon was fallen upon his face to 
101,. 
My righteousness is near; my salvation is gone forth, and mine arms shall judge the people; the is
98,om us. 
Like as a father pitieth his children, so the LORD pitieth them that fear him. 
For he kno
110,y God: I am the LORD. 
And if a stranger sojourn with thee in your land, ye shall not vex him. 
But the strang
111, of the breaking forth of children. 
I will ransom them from the power of the grave; I will redeem them from de
99,d they taught in Judah, and had the book of the law of the LORD with them, and went about throughou
97,el of Christ. 
But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that
114,between the cherubims unto the fire that was between the cherubims, and took thereof, and put it into the hands of
91, I forsaken thee; but with great mercies will I gather thee. 
In a little wrath I hid my fa
89,ill laugh at the trial of the innocent. 
The earth is given into the hand of the wicked: 
106,e Spirit. 
For this cause I Paul, the prisoner of Jesus Christ for you Gentiles, 
If ye have heard of the 
105,m that was ready to perish came upon me: and I caused the widow's heart to sing for joy. 
I put on righte
119,e wilderness, and thou mayest be to us instead of eyes. 
And it shall be, if thou go with us, yea, it shall be, that wh
90,d to him, and, having made Blastus the king's chamberlain their friend, desired peace; bec
111, of bread, and in prayers. 
And fear came upon every soul: and many wonders and signs were done by the apostles
93,annels, and go over all his banks: 
And he shall pass through Judah; he shall overflow and go
115,ael, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by him do
101,arreth entangleth himself with the affairs of this life; that he may please him who hath chosen him t
101,my undefiled is but one; she is the only one of her mother, she is the choice one of her that bare he
101,he house, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah, Asaph's son, the recorder. 
And Rabshakeh said unto them, 
90,rs shall hear a word behind thee, saying, This is the way, walk ye in it, when ye turn to 
112,any man's wife go aside, and commit a trespass against him, 
And a man lie with her carnally, and it be hid from
82,fliction. 
I will never forget thy precepts: for with them thou hast quickened me.
87,where they heard he was. 
And whithersoever he entered, into villages, or cities, or co
120,nd three nights in the heart of the earth. 
The men of Nineveh shall rise in judgment with this generation, and shall co
105,own her pitcher upon her hand, and gave him drink. 
And when she had done giving him drink, she said, I w
96,presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb: 
And the smoke of their torment as
92,land ye are come. 
And they said, Thy servants are twelve brethren, the sons of one man in t
119,irit; and they cried out for fear. 
But straightway Jesus spake unto them, saying, Be of good cheer; it is I; be not af
86,so much cattle? 
The word of the LORD that came to Micah the Morasthite in the days of
81,knesses, and of long continuance. 
Moreover he will bring upon thee all the disea
88,r thy waste and thy desolate places, and the land of thy destruction, shall even now be 
96,thou weavest the seven locks of my head with the web. 
And she fastened it with the pin, and sai
88,hey may be your husbands? 
Turn again, my daughters, go your way; for I am too old to ha
82, substance and all thy treasures to the spoil, and thy high places for sin, throug
92,ll slay the wicked: and they that hate the righteous shall be desolate. 
The LORD redeemeth 
112,r's standing corn. 
When a man hath taken a wife, and married her, and it come to pass that she find no favour i
82,r any thing of all that he hath done in trespassing therein. 
And the LORD spake u
112, praise unto the LORD with the words of David, and of Asaph the seer. And they sang praises with gladness, and t
91, hearkened unto Moses in all things, so will we hearken unto thee: only the LORD thy God be
110, armourbearer would not; for he was sore afraid. So Saul took a sword, and fell upon it. 
And when his armourb
99,the daughter of Aiah: and Ishbosheth said to Abner, Wherefore hast thou gone in unto my father's co
90,e LORD do sanctify Israel, when my sanctuary shall be in the midst of them for evermore. 

102, Lord, I have heard by many of this man, how much evil he hath done to thy saints at Jerusalem: 
And h
93,thee about: for their sakes therefore return thou on high. 
The LORD shall judge the people: 
81,y unto wisdom, Thou art my sister; and call understanding thy kinswoman: 
That th
92,g to the proportion of every one, and additions round about. 
After this manner he made the 
91,readth, and length, and depth, and height; 
And to know the love of Christ, which passeth k
81,d the LORD said unto Moses and unto Aaron, Take to you handfuls of ashes of the f
108,ng thy gift to the altar, and there rememberest that thy brother hath ought against thee; 
Leave there thy g
91,ke booths, as it is written. 
So the people went forth, and brought them, and made themselv
97,heir backs, and their hands, and their wings, and the wheels, were full of eyes round about, even
87,st thou? And he said unto him, I am a Levite of Bethlehemjudah, and I go to sojourn whe
81,ing said, What wouldest thou? 
And she said unto him, My lord, thou swarest by th
110, thy presence is fulness of joy; at thy right hand there are pleasures for evermore. 
Hear the right, O LORD, 
114,rely thus saith the LORD, So will I give Zedekiah the king of Judah, and his princes, and the residue of Jerusalem
91,ctuary and the altar, that neither they, nor ye also, die. 
And they shall be joined unto t
110,s of the deaf shall be unstopped. 
Then shall the lame man leap as an hart, and the tongue of the dumb sing: f
83,And he dwelleth in desolate cities, and in houses which no man inhabiteth, which ar
113, a bear, and it raised up itself on one side, and it had three ribs in the mouth of it between the teeth of it: a
83,ye that forget God, lest I tear you in pieces, and there be none to deliver. 
Whoso
114,fenced cities which pertained to Judah, and came to Jerusalem. 
Then came Shemaiah the prophet to Rehoboam, and to
86,gs shall be half an hin of wine unto a bullock, and the third part of an hin unto a ra
88,ates; forasmuch as he hath no part nor inheritance with you. 
Take heed to thyself that 
107, would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. 
But when we are judged, we are chastened of the Lord, tha
90,from among the children of Israel. 
This is the portion of the anointing of Aaron, and of 
80, without cause. 
Now therefore, what have I here, saith the LORD, that my people
85,years and upward. 
For David said, The LORD God of Israel hath given rest unto his pe
89,Chemosh the god of the Moabites, and Milcom the god of the children of Ammon, and have no
88, of Tarsus: for, behold, he prayeth, 
And hath seen in a vision a man named Ananias comi
99, reward. 
And Abram said, LORD God, what wilt thou give me, seeing I go childless, and the steward 
103,ause he did eat of his venison: but Rebekah loved Jacob. 
And Jacob sod pottage: and Esau came from the
97,her, who was called barren. 
For with God nothing shall be impossible. 
And Mary said, Behold the
94,ORD your God, that the fierceness of his wrath may turn away from you. 
For if ye turn again u
105, his face; for he was afraid to look upon God. 
And the LORD said, I have surely seen the affliction of m
80,ey shall be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon. 
Then said Hezekiah to
82,ey removed from Etham, and turned again unto Pihahiroth, which is before Baalzepho
89,nd the sword, and it shall slay them: and I will set mine eyes upon them for evil, and no
80,ed, and the covering of badgers' skins, and the vail of the covering, 
The ark o
98, and said unto him, Why is thy spirit so sad, that thou eatest no bread? 
And he said unto her, Be
96,ground. 
And when the people were come into the wood, behold, the honey dropped; but no man put 
106,en or in earth, that can do according to thy works, and according to thy might? 
I pray thee, let me go ov
99,the imagination of their own heart, and after Baalim, which their fathers taught them: 
Therefore t
105, utter and speak hard things? and all the workers of iniquity boast themselves? 
They break in pieces thy
118,is the house of God forsaken? And I gathered them together, and set them in their place. 
Then brought all Judah the t
112, fish of the sea be gathered together for them, to suffice them? 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Is the LORD'S ha
120,is head, and stripped off his armour, and sent into the land of the Philistines round about, to publish it in the house 
90, the Jews' speech unto the people of Jerusalem that were on the wall, to affright them, an
110,y should the name of our father be done away from among his family, because he hath no son? Give unto us there
118,od so nigh unto them, as the LORD our God is in all things that we call upon him for? 
And what nation is there so gre
115,betroth thee unto me in righteousness, and in judgment, and in lovingkindness, and in mercies. 
I will even betroth
88,ses, forbid them. 
And Moses said unto him, Enviest thou for my sake? would God that all
112,et the wicked fall into their own nets, whilst that I withal escape. 
I cried unto the LORD with my voice; with 
88,ighty man that cannot save? yet thou, O LORD, art in the midst of us, and we are called 
118,ight, saith the LORD: they have set their abominations in the house which is called by my name, to pollute it. 
And th
101,m not in the wilderness: the pillar of the cloud departed not from them by day, to lead them in the w
96,s that shall come upon them make haste. 
For the LORD shall judge his people, and repent himself
109,versation in time past in the Jews' religion, how that beyond measure I persecuted the church of God, and was
120,re children, were in bondage under the elements of the world: 
But when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth
108,naanite, which dwelt in the south, heard tell that Israel came by the way of the spies; then he fought again
90,yria.) 
And all went to be taxed, every one into his own city. 
And Joseph also went up fr
98,oshua, and so did Joshua; he left nothing undone of all that the LORD commanded Moses. 
So Joshua 
117,d lodged there. 
And it came to pass on the fourth day, when they arose early in the morning, that he rose up to depa
105,livered thine enemies into thy hand. And he gave him tithes of all. 
And the king of Sodom said unto Abra
96,, and to be healed of their diseases; 
And they that were vexed with unclean spirits: and they w
81,hter in law, his son Abram's wife; and they went forth with them from Ur of the C
100,he man of God, Come home with me, and refresh thyself, and I will give thee a reward. 
And the man o
89,come into this place of torment. 
Abraham saith unto him, They have Moses and the prophet
110,nites, Oreb and Zeeb; and they slew Oreb upon the rock Oreb, and Zeeb they slew at the winepress of Zeeb, and 
87,he house of the LORD. And Samuel feared to shew Eli the vision. 
Then Eli called Samuel
85,red Joshua, and said, Indeed I have sinned against the LORD God of Israel, and thus a
120,ds and ten thousands in our streets: 
That our oxen may be strong to labour; that there be no breaking in, nor going out
116,covering, the sardius, topaz, and the diamond, the beryl, the onyx, and the jasper, the sapphire, the emerald, and t
100,ervant, and will bring them against this land, and against the inhabitants thereof, and against all 
84,ord, and all the Gentiles, upon whom my name is called, saith the Lord, who doeth al
117,ONS OF THE EARTH. 
And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jes
108,id unto them, He put clay upon mine eyes, and I washed, and do see. 
Therefore said some of the Pharisees, T
106, they might not hear my words. 
Now Pashur the son of Immer the priest, who was also chief governor in the
86, until he have destroyed you from off this good land which the LORD your God hath give
91,thereof. 
Neither yield ye your members as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin: but yie
116,t remaineth unto this day. 
Then Joshua built an altar unto the LORD God of Israel in mount Ebal, 
As Moses the serv
115,ght that which was good and right and truth before the LORD his God. 
And in every work that he began in the servic
105,ellious woman, do not I know that thou hast chosen the son of Jesse to thine own confusion, and unto the 
111,t noonday, as the blind gropeth in darkness, and thou shalt not prosper in thy ways: and thou shalt be only opp
105,n crafty counsel against thy people, and consulted against thy hidden ones. 
They have said, Come, and le
82,oughout all the east land of Gilead. 
And the children of Gad dwelt over against t
107, God given unto me by the effectual working of his power. 
Unto me, who am less than the least of all saint
94, is good to all: and his tender mercies are over all his works. 
All thy works shall praise th
113,with thee in the night, and I will destroy thy mother. 
My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge: because th
101,ylon bound him in chains, and carried him to Babylon, and put him in prison till the day of his death
83,edication of the image which Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up. 
Then the princes,
95,lites: these are the families of the Kohathites. 
In the number of all the males, from a month 
114,And under the firmament were their wings straight, the one toward the other: every one had two, which covered on t
97,en: upon thy right hand did stand the queen in gold of Ophir. 
Hearken, O daughter, and consider,
92,or thy daughter, nor thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thine ox, nor thine ass, nor a
106,of the LORD, how I hid an hundred men of the LORD's prophets by fifty in a cave, and fed them with bread a
83, the increase thereof: I am the LORD your God. 
Ye shall not eat any thing with the
104,e themselves for corn and wine, and they rebel against me. 
Though I have bound and strengthened their a
106,his present, vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and raiment, harness, and spices, horses, and mules, 
83,nd for the people that were with him, to eat: for they said, The people is hungry, 
95,ld; mine elect, in whom my soul delighteth; I have put my spirit upon him: he shall bring forth
83,d, that he might destroy the works of the devil. 
Whosoever is born of God doth not
90,udgments, as did David his father. 
Howbeit I will not take the whole kingdom out of his h
108,rtificer, and the eloquent orator. 
And I will give children to be their princes, and babes shall rule over 
93,d of my children: Joseph is not, and Simeon is not, and ye will take Benjamin away: all these
82,nst them that do evil, to cut off the remembrance of them from the earth. 
The rig
111,d. Then she kissed them; and they lifted up their voice, and wept. 
And they said unto her, Surely we will retu
88, while, and I will avenge the blood of Jezreel upon the house of Jehu, and will cause to
99,non, 
And at the stream of the brooks that goeth down to the dwelling of Ar, and lieth upon the bor
109,, in the feast of tabernacles, 
When all Israel is come to appear before the LORD thy God in the place which 
95,ed. 
Then Hezekiah answered and said, Now ye have consecrated yourselves unto the LORD, come ne
81,ed spot that groweth in the skin; he is clean. 
And the man whose hair is fallen 
117,f incense, 
And the altar of burnt offering with all his vessels, and the laver and his foot. 
And thou shalt sanctif
87,ide unto the west side, Gad a portion. 
And by the border of Gad, at the south side sou
83,of them all the Lord delivered me. 
Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jes
116, will raise up his ruins, and I will build it as in the days of old: 
That they may possess the remnant of Edom, and
99,e boards for the tabernacle, twenty boards on the south side southward. 
And thou shalt make forty 
104, name of the LORD most high. 
O LORD, our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth! who hast set
95,e, to walk in my law, which I have set before you, 
To hearken to the words of my servants the 
115,nceforth ye know him, and have seen him. 
Philip saith unto him, Lord, shew us the Father, and it sufficeth us. 
Je
105,
And all the kings of Tyrus, and all the kings of Zidon, and the kings of the isles which are beyond the 
87,eof were at Jordan: 
And then the coast turneth westward to Aznothtabor, and goeth out 
97,m: and the children of Israel pitched before them like two little flocks of kids; but the Syrians
81,e; which the LORD thy God hateth. 
Thou shalt not sacrifice unto the LORD thy God
83, not an accusation, but before two or three witnesses. 
Them that sin rebuke before
110, and their villages. 
And Moses gave inheritance unto the half tribe of Manasseh: and this was the possession 
84,the house of Israel. 
And it shall come to pass at that day, that I will break the b
119,y upon them in the wilderness, to consume them. 
But I wrought for my name's sake, that it should not be polluted befor
99,e, deceiving, and being deceived. 
But continue thou in the things which thou hast learned and hast
106,on, which brought forth your fathers out of Egypt, and made them dwell in this place. 
And when they forga
100,e priests went into the inner part of the house of the LORD, to cleanse it, and brought out all the 
84,thou shalt go down before me to Gilgal; and, behold, I will come down unto thee, to 
99, Israel. 
And thou shalt appoint Aaron and his sons, and they shall wait on their priest's office: 
112, enemy into thine hand, that thou mayest do to him as it shall seem good unto thee. Then David arose, and cut of
82,of the threshingfloor, and as the fulness of the winepress. 
Thus ye also shall of
104,hdagon, and Naamah, and Makkedah; sixteen cities with their villages: 
Libnah, and Ether, and Ashan, 
An
108,ed unto thy words which thou spakest unto me. 
Now therefore, I pray thee, hearken thou also unto the voice 
83,e? lest peradventure I see the evil that shall come on my father. 
Then Joseph coul
87,ed. 
And it shall be, if the wicked man be worthy to be beaten, that the judge shall ca
85,e ye the LORD. 
Praise ye the LORD. Sing unto the LORD a new song, and his praise in 
117,ed me, according to the good hand of my God upon me. 
Then I came to the governors beyond the river, and gave them th
112,o David, Let my lord the king take and offer up what seemeth good unto him: behold, here be oxen for burnt sacri
109,he gave me a commandment, what I should say, and what I should speak. 
And I know that his commandment is lif
84, Hebrew of the Hebrews; as touching the law, a Pharisee; 
Concerning zeal, persecuti
118,t was at Gibeon to Jerusalem, from before the tabernacle of the congregation, and reigned over Israel. 
And Solomon ga
110,now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my fles
90,said unto her, Wilt thou go with this man? And she said, I will go. 
And they sent away Re
101,D; Hath Israel no sons? hath he no heir? why then doth their king inherit Gad, and his people dwell i
103,phat, and his might that he shewed, and how he warred, are they not written in the book of the chronicl
107, chambers: for the winding about of the house went still upward round about the house: therefore the breadt
84, still waters. 
He restoreth my soul: he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness fo
95,e hand of the Lord GOD fell there upon me. 
Then I beheld, and lo a likeness as the appearance 
85, Moses and Eleazar the priest did as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And the booty, being 
120,then doth David in spirit call him Lord, saying, 
The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, till I make thi
105,alem. 
Now why dost thou cry out aloud? is there no king in thee? is thy counsellor perished? for pangs h
107,the furnace exceeding hot, the flames of the fire slew those men that took up Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedne
80,you, have found no fault in this man touching those things whereof ye accuse him
106, was taken up between the heaven and the earth; and the mule that was under him went away. 
And a certain 
90,n turned their faces from thence, and went toward Sodom: but Abraham stood yet before the 
119,em forth with silence. 
Hear this, O ye that swallow up the needy, even to make the poor of the land to fail, 
Saying, 
102,h until thou comest to Shur, that is over against Egypt. 
And he took Agag the king of the Amalekites 
109,nter upon them. 
In that time shall the present be brought unto the LORD of hosts of a people scattered and p
105,hat when any man came nigh to him to do him obeisance, he put forth his hand, and took him, and kissed hi
105,d? none is good, save one, that is, God. 
Thou knowest the commandments, Do not commit adultery, Do not k
106,swer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit. 
He that sendeth a message by the 
116,tsoever pleaseth him. 
Where the word of a king is, there is power: and who may say unto him, What doest thou? 
Whos
104,sees, This man is not of God, because he keepeth not the sabbath day. Others said, How can a man that is
104, or, Where is the God of judgment? 
Behold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way befor
110,od: I am the LORD. 
These are the statutes and judgments and laws, which the LORD made between him and the chi
82,eth forth the chariot and horse, the army and the power; they shall lie down toget
110,er the firmament were their wings straight, the one toward the other: every one had two, which covered on this
80, hand of their enemies. 
But after they had rest, they did evil again before the
89,ut the living is my son, and the dead is thy son. And this said, No; but the dead is thy 
103,down his head, and worshipped the LORD. 
And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of my master Abraham, who
98,eper, 
There came unto him a woman having an alabaster box of very precious ointment, and poured i
111,sure: but in the revenues of the wicked is trouble. 
The lips of the wise disperse knowledge: but the heart of 
90,her is there any to deliver them. 
Whose harvest the hungry eateth up, and taketh it even 
115, LORD by Haggai the prophet, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Ask now the priests concerning the law, saying,
111,ce of the morning. 
He slew also the bullock and the ram for a sacrifice of peace offerings, which was for the 
85,ified him, and parted his garments, casting lots: that it might be fulfilled which wa
113,f his separation he is holy unto the LORD. 
And if any man die very suddenly by him, and he hath defiled the head
89,ck: and their heart failed them, and they were afraid, saying one to another, What is thi
92,Riphath, and Togarmah. 
And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim. 

86,ua smote them from Kadeshbarnea even unto Gaza, and all the country of Goshen, even un
98, the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, saying, 
Our father died in the wilderness, and h
100, their god. 
Yet destroyed I the Amorite before them, whose height was like the height of the cedars
81, of gold for it under the crown thereof, by the two corners of it, upon the two s
82,vealed unto Daniel, whose name was called Belteshazzar; and the thing was true, bu
88,north is for the priests, the keepers of the charge of the altar: these are the sons of 
114,unto his kingdom and glory. 
For this cause also thank we God without ceasing, because, when ye received the word 
87,ews, neither against the temple, nor yet against Caesar, have I offended any thing at a
110,a parcel of ground full of barley; and the people fled from before the Philistines. 
And they set themselves i
85,ughts said, Wherefore think ye evil in your hearts? 
For whether is easier, to say, T
95,enemy hath done wickedly in the sanctuary. 
Thine enemies roar in the midst of thy congregation
87,ss in that day, that I will give unto Gog a place there of graves in Israel, the valley
97, to me, and more also, if thou be not captain of the host before me continually in the room of Jo
102,ople wept, when they heard the words of the law. 
Then he said unto them, Go your way, eat the fat, an
97,ocks, and possession of herds, and great store of servants: and the Philistines envied him. 
For 
101,uestions and strifes of words, whereof cometh envy, strife, railings, evil surmisings, 
Perverse disp
120,f Dan; Hushim. 
And the sons of Naphtali; Jahzeel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shillem. 
These are the sons of Bilhah, whic
115,te. 
And Mordecai told him of all that had happened unto him, and of the sum of the money that Haman had promised t
89,LORD your God, and cry unto the LORD, 
Alas for the day! for the day of the LORD is at ha
83,the clouds are the dust of his feet. 
He rebuketh the sea, and maketh it dry, and d
91,th the first that go captive, and the banquet of them that stretched themselves shall be re
80,or, behold, I create new heavens and a new earth: and the former shall not be re
80,d he said, I do well to be angry, even unto death. 
Then said the LORD, Thou has
113,o the poor, Stand thou there, or sit here under my footstool: 
Are ye not then partial in yourselves, and are bec
109,the men of the city said unto him on the seventh day before the sun went down, What is sweeter than honey? An
98,all not be able to escape; and though they shall cry unto me, I will not hearken unto them. 
Then 
119, we are before thee in our trespasses: for we cannot stand before thee because of this. 
Now when Ezra had prayed, and 
106,he centurion sent friends to him, saying unto him, Lord, trouble not thyself: for I am not worthy that tho
104,rd, which was in Jezreel, hard by the palace of Ahab king of Samaria. 
And Ahab spake unto Naboth, sayin
80, said, Ananias, why hath Satan filled thine heart to lie to the Holy Ghost, and 
85,oor of the house of Eliashib even to the end of the house of Eliashib. 
And after him
107,Lamech. 
And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty and two years, and begat sons and 
103,
Is it time for you, O ye, to dwell in your cieled houses, and this house lie waste? 
Now therefore thu
109,s feared God, and did not as the king of Egypt commanded them, but saved the men children alive. 
And the kin
100,des, he went up into a mountain: and when he was set, his disciples came unto him: 
And he opened hi
87, when Ahab saw Elijah, that Ahab said unto him, Art thou he that troubleth Israel? 
And
84,he LORD hath given it a charge against Ashkelon, and against the sea shore? there ha
119,ch testifieth these things saith, Surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come, Lord Jesus. 
The grace of our Lord Jesus 
94,ll hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Y
118,took him, and brought him unto Areopagus, saying, May we know what this new doctrine, whereof thou speakest, is? 
For 
112,the violent man; 
Which imagine mischiefs in their heart; continually are they gathered together for war. 
They 
88,n of Medeba unto Dibon; 
And all the cities of Sihon king of the Amorites, which reigned
80,unto her, Behold, thou art with child and shalt bear a son, and shalt call his n
84,spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Stretch forth thine hand with thy rod over the str
84, I shall put thee out, I will cover the heaven, and make the stars thereof dark; I w
109,it according to thine estimation, and shall add a fifth part of it thereto: or if it be not redeemed, then it
110, their children. 
And ye came near and stood under the mountain; and the mountain burned with fire unto the mi
99, and their possession, and came to Judah and Jerusalem: for Jeroboam and his sons had cast them off
119,, psalteries, and harps, for the service of the house of God, according to the king's order to Asaph, Jeduthun, and Hem
86, smote of them about thirty and six men: for they chased them from before the gate eve
120,I will gather them out of all countries, whither I have driven them in mine anger, and in my fury, and in great wrath; a
92,ast of God they perish, and by the breath of his nostrils are they consumed. 
The roaring of
102,ected against the brethren. 
Long time therefore abode they speaking boldly in the Lord, which gave te
93,ut of his place on the seventh day. 
So the people rested on the seventh day. 
And the house 
87,rmuth, and unto Japhia king of Lachish, and unto Debir king of Eglon, saying, 
Come up 
82,ive out from before you the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Hivites, and the
107,f seven days, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, I have made thee a watchman unto
111, gladness in my heart, more than in the time that their corn and their wine increased. 
I will both lay me down
87,mash. 
And the spoilers came out of the camp of the Philistines in three companies: one
95,t Ziklag, and at Mekonah, and in the villages thereof, 
And at Enrimmon, and at Zareah, and at 
86,ent back, and walked no more with him. 
Then said Jesus unto the twelve, Will ye also 
105,esurrection from the dead. 
And they laid hands on them, and put them in hold unto the next day: for it w
102,ol and the brutish person perish, and leave their wealth to others. 
Their inward thought is, that the
90, the inhabitants of the sea coast, the nation of the Cherethites! the word of the LORD is 
94,ish at the rebuke of thy countenance. 
Let thy hand be upon the man of thy right hand, upon th
82, unto them, What advice give ye that we may return answer to this people, which ha
114,d went into all the earth, and their words unto the ends of the world. 
But I say, Did not Israel know? First Mose
101,d drew to the shore. 
And when they were come out of the ship, straightway they knew him, 
And ran th
110,rn, or the field, be consumed therewith; he that kindled the fire shall surely make restitution. 
If a man sha
96,to walk in all his ways, and to keep his commandments, and his statutes, and his judgments, whic
85,l the slayer return, and come unto his own city, and unto his own house, unto the cit
118, and was in the deserts till the day of his shewing unto Israel. 
And it came to pass in those days, that there went o
113,ast it upon him, that he die, and was not his enemy, neither sought his harm: 
Then the congregation shall judge 
103,and of silver, but also of wood and of earth; and some to honour, and some to dishonour. 
If a man ther
110,llency on the sky. 
The eternal God is thy refuge, and underneath are the everlasting arms: and he shall thrus
93,the blind gropeth in darkness, and thou shalt not prosper in thy ways: and thou shalt be only
84,, they shall put it in their hand, and take it away. 
Then the king of Israel called
113,ignation upon them, and let thy wrathful anger take hold of them. 
Let their habitation be desolate; and let none
86,upon his head. 
All the days of his separation he is holy unto the LORD. 
And if any m
89,people that hear your lies? 
Wherefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against your
104, his brother, and slew him. 
And the LORD said unto Cain, Where is Abel thy brother? And he said, I know
117,ered of them were forty and three thousand and seven hundred and thirty. 
And the sons of Pallu; Eliab. 
And the sons
108, scrape her dust from her, and make her like the top of a rock. 
It shall be a place for the spreading of ne
115,he world, or life, or death, or things present, or things to come; all are your's; 
And ye are Christ's; and Christ
95, gave to the children of Aaron the priest Hebron with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for t
98,nemy unto Esther the queen. And Mordecai came before the king; for Esther had told what he was unt
113,things against thee, because thou sufferest that woman Jezebel, which calleth herself a prophetess, to teach and 
97,hey rested in the tents, and at the commandment of the LORD they journeyed: they kept the charge 
87,rpose is established by counsel: and with good advice make war. 
He that goeth about as
104,dah, so that they made no war against Jehoshaphat. 
Also some of the Philistines brought Jehoshaphat pre
120, John to their minister. 
And when they had gone through the isle unto Paphos, they found a certain sorcerer, a false pr
114,nts, and unto all his land; 
The great temptations which thine eyes have seen, the signs, and those great miracles
120,heir rivers, and upon their ponds, and upon all their pools of water, that they may become blood; and that there may be 
114,serve him? and what profit should we have, if we pray unto him? 
Lo, their good is not in their hand: the counsel 
110,srael return, and seek the LORD their God, and David their king; and shall fear the LORD and his goodness in t
107, heard that Jeremiah prophesied these things. 
Then Pashur smote Jeremiah the prophet, and put him in the s
96,ur Lord, 
According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and
112,remission of sins should be preached in his name among all nations, beginning at Jerusalem. 
And ye are witnesse
84,wo thousand and seven hundred. 
Of the children of Asher, by their generations, afte
107,hou among women. 
And when she saw him, she was troubled at his saying, and cast in her mind what manner of
80,? 
And Jesus said, I am: and ye shall see the Son of man sitting on the right ha
84,lot. 
And I said after she had done all these things, Turn thou unto me. But she ret
103,d was raised again for our justification. 
Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God t
99,the son of Kohath, the son of Levi, the son of Israel. 
And his brother Asaph, who stood on his rig
104,ill thou come unto Gaza, and left no sustenance for Israel, neither sheep, nor ox, nor ass. 
For they ca
109,new commandment unto you, but an old commandment which ye had from the beginning. The old commandment is the 
84,e and twenty days: but, lo, Michael, one of the chief princes, came to help me; and 
111,ay, and tread the morter, make strong the brickkiln. 
There shall the fire devour thee; the sword shall cut the
91,of Dagon, and set it by Dagon. 
And when they of Ashdod arose early on the morrow, behold, 
92, of Ammon said to Hanun, Thinkest thou that David doth honour thy father, that he hath sent 
109,ek he shall cause the sacrifice and the oblation to cease, and for the overspreading of abominations he shall
97,h things also we speak, not in the words which man's wisdom teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost te
105, Israel. 
How shall I curse, whom God hath not cursed? or how shall I defy, whom the LORD hath not defied
93,ilies of the earth unto Jerusalem to worship the King, the LORD of hosts, even upon them shal
119, Jeroboam the son of Nebat reigned Abijam over Judah. 
Three years reigned he in Jerusalem. and his mother's name was M
93,st not be so done in our country, to give the younger before the firstborn. 
Fulfil her week,
83,tites, and Amorites, and Perizzites, and Hivites, and Jebusites: 
And they took the
116, 
The son of Elkanah, the son of Joel, the son of Azariah, the son of Zephaniah, 
The son of Tahath, the son of Assi
81, with shouting, and with sound of the cornet, and with trumpets, and with cymbals
99,n him; that, when he shall appear, we may have confidence, and not be ashamed before him at his com
100,hy sayings come to pass we may do thee honour? 
And the angel of the LORD said unto him, Why askest 
90,enceforth it shall be accepted for an offering made by fire unto the LORD. 
And whether it
116,e son of Gemalli. 
Of the tribe of Asher, Sethur the son of Michael. 
Of the tribe of Naphtali, Nahbi the son of Vop
111, Aaron, that they looked toward the tabernacle of the congregation: and, behold, the cloud covered it, and the 
106,ontlets between thine eyes: for by strength of hand the LORD brought us forth out of Egypt. 
And it came t
90, of God, and afflicted. 
But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our
82, the people. 
For all the people and all Israel understood that day that it was no
102,nto Cornelius was departed, he called two of his household servants, and a devout soldier of them that
120,nd die: it shall be a statute for ever unto him and his seed after him. 
And this is the thing that thou shalt do unto t
100, their enemies; if then their uncircumcised hearts be humbled, and they then accept of the punishmen
117,RD's house, all the words that I command thee to speak unto them; diminish not a word: 
If so be they will hearken, a
80,ne, teachers of good things; 
That they may teach the young women to be sober, t
93, God bringeth thee into a good land, a land of brooks of water, of fountains and depths that 
111, was there a great earthquake, and the tenth part of the city fell, and in the earthquake were slain of men sev
95,nd their border in the north quarter was from the bay of the sea at the uttermost part of Jorda
81,ut of these who seemed to be somewhat, (whatsoever they were, it maketh no matter
100,ere is a league between me and thee, and between my father and thy father: behold, I have sent unto 
102,ration after them, which knew not the LORD, nor yet the works which he had done for Israel. 
And the c
93,ng. 
Barley also and straw for the horses and dromedaries brought they unto the place where t
104,etween them round about: 
A golden bell and a pomegranate, a golden bell and a pomegranate, upon the hem
98,re in thee, were thy pilots. 
The ancients of Gebal and the wise men thereof were in thee thy calk
97,d it for them that dwell in the wilderness: they set up the towers thereof, they raised up the pa
105,ted before it be grown up. 
But I know thy abode, and thy going out, and thy coming in, and thy rage agai
90,f the ships, which was Simon's, and prayed him that he would thrust out a little from the 
118, acquaintance far from me; thou hast made me an abomination unto them: I am shut up, and I cannot come forth. 
Mine ey
106,raud: under his tongue is mischief and vanity. 
He sitteth in the lurking places of the villages: in the s
105,sheep, and guided them in the wilderness like a flock. 
And he led them on safely, so that they feared no
119, 
Then David gave to Solomon his son the pattern of the porch, and of the houses thereof, and of the treasuries thereof
108, and said, We came unto the land whither thou sentest us, and surely it floweth with milk and honey; and thi
94, of the most high God. 
And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of the most high God, p
120, up sackcloth upon all loins, and baldness upon every head; and I will make it as the mourning of an only son, and the e
80,ges: 
Libnah, and Ether, and Ashan, 
And Jiphtah, and Ashnah, and Nezib, 
And Ke
108, because he had compassion on his people, and on his dwelling place: 
But they mocked the messengers of God,
119,re is none beside me: how is she become a desolation, a place for beasts to lie down in! every one that passeth by her 
118,Dabareh with her suburbs, 
Jarmuth with her suburbs, Engannim with her suburbs; four cities. 
And out of the tribe of 
83,mouth confession is made unto salvation. 
For the scripture saith, Whosoever believ
101,hich befell me by the lying in wait of the Jews: 
And how I kept back nothing that was profitable unt
115,d to David. 
And David enquired at the LORD, saying, Shall I pursue after this troop? shall I overtake them? And he
102,m molten images of their silver, and idols according to their own understanding, all of it the work of
116, shall be diminished: but he that gathereth by labour shall increase. 
Hope deferred maketh the heart sick: but when
118,t ye might be saved. 
He was a burning and a shining light: and ye were willing for a season to rejoice in his light. 
98, face from them at that time, as they have behaved themselves ill in their doings. 
Thus saith the
92, 
And rose up, and thrust him out of the city, and led him unto the brow of the hill whereon
104,nce. 
And when they found him not, they turned back again to Jerusalem, seeking him. 
And it came to pas
86,ians against the Hebrews, because their widows were neglected in the daily ministratio
84,r fifty shekels of silver. 
And David built there an altar unto the LORD, and offere
97, places thereof: 
That saith to the deep, Be dry, and I will dry up thy rivers: 
That saith of Cy
108,h we have heard and known, and our fathers have told us. 
We will not hide them from their children, shewing
109, camels in abundance, and returned to Jerusalem. 
And the Spirit of God came upon Azariah the son of Oded: 
A
87, my commandments: 
For length of days, and long life, and peace, shall they add to thee
91, thou didst deliver them. 
They cried unto thee, and were delivered: they trusted in thee, 
81, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Wherefore receive ye one another, as Chris
114,iahba the Shaalbonite, of the sons of Jashen, Jonathan, 
Shammah the Hararite, Ahiam the son of Sharar the Hararit
82,na now in thine hand, that we should give bread unto thine army? 
And Gideon said,
85, her, to uncover her nakedness, beside the other in her life time. 
Also thou shalt n
81,hemselves. 
Or if I send a pestilence into that land, and pour out my fury upon i
100, lay their hand upon Edom and Moab; and the children of Ammon shall obey them. 
And the LORD shall u
108, when all the people heard the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and all kinds of musick,
119, have this ministry, as we have received mercy, we faint not; 
But have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty, not 
115, ye between two opinions? if the LORD be God, follow him: but if Baal, then follow him. And the people answered him
96,o Moses, Thy servants have taken the sum of the men of war which are under our charge, and there
91,n the wilderness a long season. 
And I brought you into the land of the Amorites, which dwe
83,stplates, as it were breastplates of iron; and the sound of their wings was as the 
120,t the righteous shall see their fall. 
Correct thy son, and he shall give thee rest; yea, he shall give delight unto thy
105, Asa; 
And Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Ozias; 
And Ozias begat Joatham;
101, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel. 
And Asa in the thirty and ninth year
101, habitations of cruelty. 
O let not the oppressed return ashamed: let the poor and needy praise thy n
111, one flesh. 
And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed. 
Now the serpent was more su
100,
So Amasa went to assemble the men of Judah: but he tarried longer than the set time which he had ap
117,lieved not for joy, and wondered, he said unto them, Have ye here any meat? 
And they gave him a piece of a broiled f
113,to the temple: and when he had looked round about upon all things, and now the eventide was come, he went out unt
109,on of hell? 
Wherefore, behold, I send unto you prophets, and wise men, and scribes: and some of them ye shal
98, to put my name there. 
And I will take thee, and thou shalt reign according to all that thy soul 
87,es, and all the men that appertained unto Korah, and all their goods. 
They, and all th
115,irst of all, Beware ye of the leaven of the Pharisees, which is hypocrisy. 
For there is nothing covered, that shal
104,lem a sabbath day's journey. 
And when they were come in, they went up into an upper room, where abode b
81,d Jesus Christ, 
Who gave himself for our sins, that he might deliver us from thi
82,tandard of the camp of the children of Dan set forward, which was the rereward of 
115,ered against Jeremiah in the house of the LORD. 
When the princes of Judah heard these things, then they came up fr
81,ster: for she is thy mother's near kinswoman. 
Thou shalt not uncover the nakedne
93, do great things. 
Be not afraid, ye beasts of the field: for the pastures of the wilderness 
99, all over like an hairy garment; and they called his name Esau. 
And after that came his brother ou
85,ch is in the land of Moab, that is over against Jericho; and behold the land of Canaa
92,one in his possession in their cities, to wit, Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the
87,at remaineth and is besieged shall die by the famine: thus will I accomplish my fury up
92,gods, and molten images, to provoke me to anger, and hast cast me behind thy back: 
Therefor
87,y the righteous, and condemn the wicked. 
And it shall be, if the wicked man be worthy 
96,to Gedaliah to Mizpah, even Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and Johanan and Jonathan the sons of K
102,k upon. 
And it came to pass, when he had been there a long time, that Abimelech king of the Philistin
84,ch thou shalt have, after thou hast lost the other, shall say again in thine ears, T
108,e LORD. 
Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying, 
Son of man, eat thy bread with quaking, and drin
108,not the body of the Lord Jesus. 
And it came to pass, as they were much perplexed thereabout, behold, two me
104,rsheba even to Dan; and bring the number of them to me, that I may know it. 
And Joab answered, The LORD
119,y. 
Then the king of Israel called all the elders of the land, and said, Mark, I pray you, and see how this man seeketh
116, long? 
Return, O LORD, deliver my soul: oh save me for thy mercies' sake. 
For in death there is no remembrance of 
80,ere done, because they repented not: 
Woe unto thee, Chorazin! woe unto thee, Be
105,nd on the altar of incense, and were appointed for all the work of the place most holy, and to make an at
86,d our generations after us, that we might do the service of the LORD before him with o
113,d to Enrogel, 
And was drawn from the north, and went forth to Enshemesh, and went forth toward Geliloth, which i
95,other god: their drink offerings of blood will I not offer, nor take up their names into my lip
111,ay, and the ass and the lion standing by the carcase: the lion had not eaten the carcase, nor torn the ass. 
An
83,Ye shall offer these beside the burnt offering in the morning, which is for a conti
111,s cannot contain thee; how much less this house that I have builded? 
Yet have thou respect unto the prayer of 
105,ich the LORD shall give thee of this young woman. 
So Boaz took Ruth, and she was his wife: and when he w
86, flesh is of God: 
And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in t
112,m to anger. 
They sacrificed unto devils, not to God; to gods whom they knew not, to new gods that came newly up
99, toucheth any thing that was under him shall be unclean until the even: and he that beareth any of 
105,is the gold become dim! how is the most fine gold changed! the stones of the sanctuary are poured out in 
90,is. 
And when ye see the south wind blow, ye say, There will be heat; and it cometh to pas
101,way again beyond Jordan into the place where John at first baptized; and there he abode. 
And many re
104,Ye yourselves bear me witness, that I said, I am not the Christ, but that I am sent before him. 
He that
98,s day. 
And I persecuted this way unto the death, binding and delivering into prisons both men and
84,e of your fingers. 
Woe unto you! for ye build the sepulchres of the prophets, and y
119,ay of the seventh month ye shall have an holy convocation; ye shall do no servile work, and ye shall keep a feast unto 
86,, in the midst of all Israel: 
But your eyes have seen all the great acts of the LORD 
80,led him, in the twenty and seventh year of Asa king of Judah, and reigned in his
84,at sent me: for he that is least among you all, the same shall be great. 
And John a
114,en went Samson down, and his father and his mother, to Timnath, and came to the vineyards of Timnath: and, behold,
106, GOD; Behold, I will take the stick of Joseph, which is in the hand of Ephraim, and the tribes of Israel h
90, day to day. 
Declare his glory among the heathen, his wonders among all people. 
For the 
91,eful lamentation, and say, We be utterly spoiled: he hath changed the portion of my people:
106,et to thy mouth. He shall come as an eagle against the house of the LORD, because they have transgressed m
102,ions; incense is an abomination unto me; the new moons and sabbaths, the calling of assemblies, I cann
114, feed them as a lamb in a large place. 
Ephraim is joined to idols: let him alone. 
Their drink is sour: they have
116, If ye have faith, and doubt not, ye shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if ye shall say 
82, LORD said, Behold, there is a place by me, and thou shalt stand upon a rock: 
And
81,ead, which she had prepared, into the hand of her son Jacob. 
And he came unto hi
112,or they said, He is our brother. 
And they gave him threescore and ten pieces of silver out of the house of Baal
88,t they provoked him with their counsel, and were brought low for their iniquity. 
Nevert
84,sness of men, who hold the truth in unrighteousness; 
Because that which may be know
86, for a possession of a buryingplace amongst you. 
And Ephron dwelt among the children 
92,ed together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so. 
And God called the 
91,en is full of evil, and madness is in their heart while they live, and after that they go t
89,heathen, whom the LORD had cast out before the children of Israel. 
For he built again th
110,ary, and the charge of the altar: that there be no wrath any more upon the children of Israel. 
And I, behold,
111,which is in Bashan, threescore great cities with walls and brasen bars: 
Ahinadab the son of Iddo had Mahanaim:
103,se sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy, but they were not found: therefor
114,ot found. 
Lo, this only have I found, that God hath made man upright; but they have sought out many inventions. 

110,ir sacrifices. 
And Jesus answering said unto them, Suppose ye that these Galilaeans were sinners above all th
120, mine eyes shall behold her: now shall she be trodden down as the mire of the streets. 
In the day that thy walls are to
85,g of the watches pour out thine heart like water before the face of the LORD: lift up
88, bring them up out of that land unto a good land and a large, unto a land flowing with m
103, before thee. 
Joshua therefore came unto them suddenly, and went up from Gilgal all night. 
And the LO
94,ospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed. 
For do I now persuade men, or
111,
And their forty sockets of silver; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board. 
And for 
86,nes, which they took out of Jordan, did Joshua pitch in Gilgal. 
And he spake unto the
104,ht unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went
89,ngs that ye shall do; Speak ye every man the truth to his neighbour; execute the judgment
108,u warn the wicked, and he turn not from his wickedness, nor from his wicked way, he shall die in his iniquit
114,to them, Break off the golden earrings, which are in the ears of your wives, of your sons, and of your daughters, 
80, to meet the Philistine. 
And David put his hand in his bag, and took thence a s
99,d will I establish for ever, and build up thy throne to all generations. Selah. 
And the heavens sh
83,
And he said unto them, Thus and thus dealeth Micah with me, and hath hired me, and
110,; for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan: now therefore, we pray thee, let thy servants dwell in the lan
80,ters issue out toward the east country, and go down into the desert, and go into
102,hem. 
And I punished them oft in every synagogue, and compelled them to blaspheme; and being exceeding
112,em not, nor commanded them: therefore they shall not profit this people at all, saith the LORD. 
And when this p
97, have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you of heavenl
111,, and laid it upon Ephraim's head, who was the younger, and his left hand upon Manasseh's head, guiding his han
89,mmoleketh bare Ishod, and Abiezer, and Mahalah. 
And the sons of Shemidah were, Ahian, an
89, Zibeon, duke Anah, 
Duke Dishon, duke Ezer, duke Dishan: these are the dukes that came o
99,e. And they bowed down their heads, and made obeisance. 
And he lifted up his eyes, and saw his bro
118, ye one another with a kiss of charity. Peace be with you all that are in Christ Jesus. Amen. 
Simon Peter, a servant 
110, their faces, that they may appear unto men to fast. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward. 
But thou,
91,. 
Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God. 
Blessed are the peacemakers: for
85,pray always, that ye may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall co
90, and of the cave that is therein was from the children of Heth. 
And when Jacob had made a
118,rden of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the congregation. 
And to the office of Eleazar the son of Aaron the p
118,ommandment of the king unto the priests and Levites concerning any matter, or concerning the treasures. 
Now all the w
89,t eat it; that it may go well with thee, and with thy children after thee, when thou shal
98,t help me: but if the children of Ammon be too strong for thee, then I will help thee. 
Be of good
88, the yearly sacrifice, and his vow. 
But Hannah went not up; for she said unto her husba
102,not leave in thee one stone upon another; because thou knewest not the time of thy visitation. 
And he
107, my God. 
And now, behold, the LORD hath kept me alive, as he said, these forty and five years, even since 
95, were. 
And the men of the city went out, and fought with Joab: and there fell some of the peop
115, 
For there were that said, We, our sons, and our daughters, are many: therefore we take up corn for them, that we 
95,ngs after the outward appearance? if any man trust to himself that he is Christ's, let him of h
101,illed: and thou shalt take a third part, and smite about it with a knife: and a third part thou shalt
84,om between the cherubims, and scatter them over the city. And he went in in my sight
81,ng unto the Lord. 
Fathers, provoke not your children to anger, lest they be disc
117,knowledge, and in all manner of workmanship, 
To devise cunning works, to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass, 
110,e, his wife also being privy to it, and brought a certain part, and laid it at the apostles' feet. 
But Peter 
115,lean by reason of a dead body, or be in a journey afar off, yet he shall keep the passover unto the LORD. 
The four
105,h, and thrust it into his belly: 
And the haft also went in after the blade; and the fat closed upon the 
96,e shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour J
113,h and Jehiel, rulers of the house of God, gave unto the priests for the passover offerings two thousand and six h
109,very man gat him up upon his mule, and fled. 
And it came to pass, while they were in the way, that tidings c
86,ofound to make slaughter, though I have been a rebuker of them all. 
I know Ephraim, a
105, The LORD will surely deliver us: this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria. 
105, 
And for the villages, with their fields, some of the children of Judah dwelt at Kirjatharba, and in the
112,to him for Adonijah. And the king rose up to meet her, and bowed himself unto her, and sat down on his throne, a
108,hey have rejected the word of the LORD; and what wisdom is in them? 
Therefore will I give their wives unto 
115,, and called all his brethren the king's sons, and all the men of Judah the king's servants: 
But Nathan the prophe
104,s, a refuge from the storm, a shadow from the heat, when the blast of the terrible ones is as a storm ag
100, on the morrow also the remainder of it shall be eaten: 
But the remainder of the flesh of the sacri
97,let us see whether Elias will come to take him down. 
And Jesus cried with a loud voice, and gave
118,upon my lord the king: 
That they shall drive thee from men, and thy dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field, a
108,d: and I have given it to you upon the altar to make an atonement for your souls: for it is the blood that m
118,with my mouth will I make known thy faithfulness to all generations. 
For I have said, Mercy shall be built up for eve
105,appoint for the manslayer, that he may flee thither: and to them ye shall add forty and two cities. 
So a
87,they have beguiled you in the matter of Peor, and in the matter of Cozbi, the daughter 
89,en, and sat on the right hand of God. 
And they went forth, and preached every where, the
99,nd Judah said, Bring her forth, and let her be burnt. 
When she was brought forth, she sent to her 
88,w unto thee the judgment of the great whore that sitteth upon many waters: 
With whom th
89,m not, he examined the keepers, and commanded that they should be put to death. And he we
84,eter, she sat up. 
And he gave her his hand, and lifted her up, and when he had call
95, have they taken gifts to shed blood; thou hast taken usury and increase, and thou hast greedil
94,came to Jesus by night, being one of them,) 
Doth our law judge any man, before it hear him, a
81,he messengers of the nation? That the LORD hath founded Zion, and the poor of his
94,s, riches, and honour: and Solomon his son reigned in his stead. 
Now the acts of David the ki
108, in the midst of many people as a lion among the beasts of the forest, as a young lion among the flocks of s
80,ewise when all the Jews that were in Moab, and among the Ammonites, and in Edom,
81,h sent thee away. 
And as touching the matter which thou and I have spoken of, be
98,rs came down from under from the right side of the house, at the south side of the altar. 
Then br
120,bring an oblation of a meat offering baken in the oven, it shall be unleavened cakes of fine flour mingled with oil, or 
94, go. 
Their Redeemer is strong; the LORD of hosts is his name: he shall throughly plead their 
101,o afflict thee. 
And Samson said unto her, If they bind me with seven green withs that were never dri
86, the wind: 
Who maketh his angels spirits; his ministers a flaming fire: 
Who laid the
119,est of the chief of the fathers of Israel, said unto them, Ye have nothing to do with us to build an house unto our God
84,Nepheg, and Japhia, 
And Elishama, and Eliada, and Eliphalet. 
But when the Philisti
90, return into the land of Egypt, and the Assyrian shall be his king, because they refused t
94,ke back thy brethren: mercy and truth be with thee. 
And Ittai answered the king, and said, As
84,thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me. 
Thou preparest a table bef
81,
And his disciples answered him, From whence can a man satisfy these men with bre
107,ts prophesied so, saying, Go up to Ramothgilead, and prosper: for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand o
111,ng for his sin, which he hath sinned, a young bullock without blemish unto the LORD for a sin offering. 
And he
88,o all these words, and according to all this vision, so did Nathan speak unto David. 
An
80,h is the angel of the bottomless pit, whose name in the Hebrew tongue is Abaddon
101,t unto him two men, desiring him that he would not delay to come to them. 
Then Peter arose and went 
90,Shemida: these were the male children of Manasseh the son of Joseph by their families. 
Bu
104,thing. 
If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth 
111,ying, The water is ours: and he called the name of the well Esek; because they strove with him. 
And they digge
87,sh, saith the Lord GOD. 
Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Tyrus, and fo
85, the Pharisees' part arose, and strove, saying, We find no evil in this man: but if a
93,er Kishon Sisera, the captain of Jabin's army, with his chariots and his multitude; and I wil
98,We have heard the pride of Moab, (he is exceeding proud) his loftiness, and his arrogancy, and his
101,d. 
Moreover the LORD thy God will send the hornet among them, until they that are left, and hide the
93, against her mother, and the daughter in law against her mother in law. 
And a man's foes sha
102,ut thy commandment is exceeding broad. 
O how I love thy law! it is my meditation all the day. 
Thou t
115,d upon a rock: 
And it shall come to pass, while my glory passeth by, that I will put thee in a clift of the rock, 
111,congregation, by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, saying, 
Our father died in the wilderness, an
106,, Pedaiah: and next to them was Hanan the son of Zaccur, the son of Mattaniah: for they were counted faith
99,bulun. 
At the west side four thousand and five hundred, with their three gates; one gate of Gad, o
91,o in another place, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec. 
Who in the 
87,thine increase: 
So shall thy barns be filled with plenty, and thy presses shall burst 
102,hee in the mount. 
But now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much also he is the medi
89,ept close from the fowls of the air. 
Destruction and death say, We have heard the fame t
117,h not given us as a prey to their teeth. 
Our soul is escaped as a bird out of the snare of the fowlers: the snare is
91,an the prophet, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and the Cherethites, and the Pelethites, w
105,people? have I begotten them, that thou shouldest say unto me, Carry them in thy bosom, as a nursing fath
94,. 
And Noah went forth, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him: 
Every beast
92,That I have great heaviness and continual sorrow in my heart. 
For I could wish that myself 
117,in the midst of Israel, and that I am the LORD your God, and none else: and my people shall never be ashamed. 
And it
104,and let us go to Jerusalem for fear of the army of the Chaldeans, and for fear of the army of the Syrian
80,arkened not unto Moses; but some of them left of it until the morning, and it br
110,f God, as dear children; 
And walk in love, as Christ also hath loved us, and hath given himself for us an off
86,will ye die, O house of Israel? 
Therefore, thou son of man, say unto the children of 
112,y company before the LORD, thou, and they, and Aaron, to morrow: 
And take every man his censer, and put incense
84,ced walls come down, wherein thou trustedst, throughout all thy land: and he shall b
107,and that he might send them forth to preach, 
And to have power to heal sicknesses, and to cast out devils:
108,bereave thy nations any more, saith the Lord GOD. 
Neither will I cause men to hear in thee the shame of the
83, them; and he bowed himself with his face toward the ground; 
And he said, Behold n
102,ht him forth out of Egypt; he hath as it were the strength of an unicorn: he shall eat up the nations 
94,t? and the Philistines from Caphtor, and the Syrians from Kir? 
Behold, the eyes of the Lord G
82,s of thy servants; and it shall be, that whatsoever is pleasant in thine eyes, the
102,ring said unto them, What reason ye in your hearts? 
Whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven t
84,on: we labour, and have no rest. 
We have given the hand to the Egyptians, and to th
92, reigned in his stead. 
And Rehoboam the son of Solomon reigned in Judah. Rehoboam was forty
100, of the LORD, 
Even the prophet Jeremiah said, Amen: the LORD do so: the LORD perform thy words whic
100,, let him likewise not return back. 
Remember Lot's wife. 
Whosoever shall seek to save his life sha
97,e heavens by his name JAH, and rejoice before him. 
A father of the fatherless, and a judge of th
92,oor of Araunah the Jebusite. 
And David, according to the saying of Gad, went up as the LORD
108,parture is at hand. 
I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith: 
Hencefor
90, house; he took all: he carried away also the shields of gold which Solomon had made. 
Ins
90, These were the sons of the Levites after the house of their fathers. 
These likewise cast
84, Assyrians her neighbours, captains and rulers clothed most gorgeously, horsemen rid
86,book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah? 
And the remnant of the sodomites, which
116,nd the people to whom they prophesy shall be cast out in the streets of Jerusalem because of the famine and the swor
90,
Go and tell Hananiah, saying, Thus saith the LORD; Thou hast broken the yokes of wood; bu
105,ers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give thee great and goodly cities, which thou buildedst not, 
91,t child? for since I spake against him, I do earnestly remember him still: therefore my bow
112,e you seven times for your sins. 
And ye shall eat the flesh of your sons, and the flesh of your daughters shall
83,tion the heart of man is haughty, and before honour is humility. 
He that answereth
97,acob shall rejoice, and Israel shall be glad. 
Save me, O God, by thy name, and judge me by thy s
81,ey that were sent, returning to the house, found the servant whole that had been 
86,un upon thee, and thou lose thy life, with the lives of thy household. 
And the childr
91,ht forth frogs in abundance, in the chambers of their kings. 
He spake, and there came dive
85,d, before thy people, which thou redeemedst to thee from Egypt, from the nations and 
105,lain of Ono. But they thought to do me mischief. 
And I sent messengers unto them, saying, I am doing a g
112,is this place! this is none other but the house of God, and this is the gate of heaven. 
And Jacob rose up early
95,on of Bechorath, the son of Aphiah, a Benjamite, a mighty man of power. 
And he had a son, whos
115,he lieth down, that thou shalt mark the place where he shall lie, and thou shalt go in, and uncover his feet, and l
86, brethren armed, all the mighty men of valour, and help them; 
Until the LORD have giv
94,nd to make his power known, endured with much longsuffering the vessels of wrath fitted to des
81,ks. 
For mine eyes are upon all their ways: they are not hid from my face, neithe
112, it: and though the waves thereof toss themselves, yet can they not prevail; though they roar, yet can they not 
89,hen remembered I the word of the Lord, how that he said, John indeed baptized with water;
108,ing unto the word of the LORD: for he went and dwelt by the brook Cherith, that is before Jordan. 
And the r
106,eeing many things, but thou observest not; opening the ears, but he heareth not. 
The LORD is well pleased
118,int, but willingly; not for filthy lucre, but of a ready mind; 
Neither as being lords over God's heritage, but being 
86,ne Lord, one faith, one baptism, 
One God and Father of all, who is above all, and thr
91, with the righteous. 
The curse of the LORD is in the house of the wicked: but he blesseth 
105,oul; then shall thy light rise in obscurity, and thy darkness be as the noon day: 
And the LORD shall gui
95, chamber toward Jerusalem, he kneeled upon his knees three times a day, and prayed, and gave th
117,he was of Cilicia; 
I will hear thee, said he, when thine accusers are also come. And he commanded him to be kept in 
87, not in any brother: for every brother will utterly supplant, and every neighbour will 
83,e I may find a place. 
And Micah said unto him, Dwell with me, and be unto me a fat
118,inister, let him do it as of the ability which God giveth: that God in all things may be glorified through Jesus Chris
114,e ways of a man are clean in his own eyes; but the LORD weigheth the spirits. 
Commit thy works unto the LORD, and
107,e tribe of Dan, an engraver, and a cunning workman, and an embroiderer in blue, and in purple, and in scarl
90,sarea Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, Whom do men say that I the Son of man am? 
88,e unto our fathers for to give us. 
And the priest shall take the basket out of thine ha
82,us of Nazareth. 
But he denied, saying, I know not, neither understand I what thou
115,re in their lips: for who, say they, doth hear? 
But thou, O LORD, shalt laugh at them; thou shalt have all the hea
84,mself as a young lion: he shall not lie down until he eat of the prey, and drink the
101,etousness; and from the prophet even unto the priest every one dealeth falsely. 
They have healed als
120, all generations. 
He shall come down like rain upon the mown grass: as showers that water the earth. 
In his days shall
