1000
104,o his house, saying, Neither go into the town, nor tell it to any in the town. 
And Jesus went out, and 
109,e hand of Asaph and his brethren. 
Give thanks unto the LORD, call upon his name, make known his deeds among 
98,n the head of his seed for ever: but upon David, and upon his seed, and upon his house, and upon h
90,nto her, Do what seemeth thee good; tarry until thou have weaned him; only the LORD establ
112,not, seeth the wolf coming, and leaveth the sheep, and fleeth: and the wolf catcheth them, and scattereth the sh
120,
And he began to speak unto them by parables. A certain man planted a vineyard, and set an hedge about it, and digged a 
91,did according to all that Jeremiah the prophet commanded him, reading in the book the words
107,it let me go in any wise. 
And God stirred him up another adversary, Rezon the son of Eliadah, which fled f
113,u deliver my feet from falling, that I may walk before God in the light of the living? 
Be merciful unto me, O Go
98,at of Abelmeholah shalt thou anoint to be prophet in thy room. 
And it shall come to pass, that hi
115,ng, and the chief fathers, the captains over thousands and hundreds, and the captains of the host, had dedicated. 

91,t joy. 
Wherefore David blessed the LORD before all the congregation: and David said, Bless
90,nnot tell. And Jesus answering saith unto them, Neither do I tell you by what authority I 
115,osts of the gate of the inner court. 
And so thou shalt do the seventh day of the month for every one that erreth, 
81,d ye shall haste and bring down my father hither. 
And he fell upon his brother B
103,p on wood, kindle the fire, consume the flesh, and spice it well, and let the bones be burned. 
Then se
84,the house of God in his state, and strengthened it. 
And when they had finished it, 
103,Caesar. 
Then the disciples, every man according to his ability, determined to send relief unto the bre
102,oice in the streets. 
A bruised reed shall he not break, and smoking flax shall he not quench, till he
105, that is most just? 
Is it fit to say to a king, Thou art wicked? and to princes, Ye are ungodly? 
How mu
107,, we have defrauded no man. 
I speak not this to condemn you: for I have said before, that ye are in our he
110, by it: 
And build an altar unto the LORD thy God upon the top of this rock, in the ordered place, and take th
96, every one whom his spirit made willing, and they brought the LORD's offering to the work of the
109,, Away with this man, and release unto us Barabbas: 
(Who for a certain sedition made in the city, and for mu
95,reof arise, thou stillest them. 
Thou hast broken Rahab in pieces, as one that is slain; thou h
102,ther, and Kemuel the father of Aram, 
And Chesed, and Hazo, and Pildash, and Jidlaph, and Bethuel. 
An
84,ursed. 
And the sons of Ethan; Azariah. 
The sons also of Hezron, that were born unt
107,ur. 
The king's daughter is all glorious within: her clothing is of wrought gold. 
She shall be brought unt
116,lands: yea, the hand of the princes and rulers hath been chief in this trespass. 
And when I heard this thing, I ren
89, the second month after their departing out of the land of Egypt. 
And the whole congrega
90,neration, and shall condemn it: because they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, beho
105, dead, nor print any marks upon you: I am the LORD. 
Do not prostitute thy daughter, to cause her to be a
87,y of the LORD, honourable; and shalt honour him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding 
119,n she saw Peter, she sat up. 
And he gave her his hand, and lifted her up, and when he had called the saints and widows
84,r in my body the marks of the Lord Jesus. 
Brethren, the grace of our Lord Jesus Chr
84,on the horse, which sword proceeded out of his mouth: and all the fowls were filled 
88, two unto Noah into the ark, the male and the female, as God had commanded Noah. 
And it
113,ked him, coming to him, and offering him vinegar, 
And saying, If thou be the king of the Jews, save thyself. 
An
92,nd Moses called unto Joshua, and said unto him in the sight of all Israel, Be strong and of 
116,latter end of Job more than his beginning: for he had fourteen thousand sheep, and six thousand camels, and a thousa
111, doted upon their paramours, whose flesh is as the flesh of asses, and whose issue is like the issue of horses.
80, bishop must be blameless, as the steward of God; not selfwilled, not soon angry
92,d, he shall surely live, he shall not die. 
Yet saith the house of Israel, The way of the LO
88, unto our God kings and priests: and we shall reign on the earth. 
And I beheld, and I h
90,ed by experience that the LORD hath blessed me for thy sake. 
And he said, Appoint me thy 
87,Hebron, and Uzziel. 
And the children of Amram; Aaron, and Moses, and Miriam. The sons 
96,em abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth: and they left off to build the city. 
Ther
117,the snuffers, and the basons, and the spoons, and the censers, of pure gold: and the entry of the house, the inner do
82,, but have done after the manners of the heathen that are round about you. 
And it
94, man his brother, saying, Know the Lord: for all shall know me, from the least to the greatest
101,ah he made high places to burn incense unto other gods, and provoked to anger the LORD God of his fat
120,tely we endeavoured to go into Macedonia, assuredly gathering that the Lord had called us for to preach the gospel unto 
95,ys; and also after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare 
96,down on the shore, and prayed. 
And when we had taken our leave one of another, we took ship; an
95,ake mention of the name of their gods, nor cause to swear by them, neither serve them, nor bow 
98,h of five and twenty thousand reeds, and the breadth shall be ten thousand. This shall be holy in 
111, child, and how shall we do unto him? 
And the angel of the LORD said unto Manoah, Of all that I said unto the 
83,places of the earth, The LORD, The God of hosts, is his name. 
Hear ye this word wh
87,(According as it is written, God hath given them the spirit of slumber, eyes that they 
93,man: for thou regardest not the person of men, but teachest the way of God in truth: Is it la
114,ed. 
And the third angel sounded, and there fell a great star from heaven, burning as it were a lamp, and it fell 
119,r of the wells: we will go by the king's high way, we will not turn to the right hand nor to the left, until we have pa
95,ild the sepulchres of the prophets, and your fathers killed them. 
Truly ye bear witness that y
114,lagues that are written in this book: 
And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy,
113,witness in earth, the Spirit, and the water, and the blood: and these three agree in one. 
If we receive the witn
108,ess: O LORD, quicken me according to thy judgment. 
They draw nigh that follow after mischief: they are far 
109, nor prevent us. 
In that day will I raise up the tabernacle of David that is fallen, and close up the breach
83,on; for thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt in haste: that thou mayest remem
100,ewed, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel? 
So Omri slept with
118,ah, Milcah, and Tirzah. 
These are the families of Manasseh, and those that were numbered of them, fifty and two thous
115,, and carried them up to the top of an hill that is before Hebron. 
And it came to pass afterward, that he loved a 
84,s Philistine, and taketh away the reproach from Israel? for who is this uncircumcise
118,Ye shall not go in to them, neither shall they come in unto you: for surely they will turn away your heart after their
110,you. Wherefore the name of the place is called Gilgal unto this day. 
And the children of Israel encamped in G
104,that have it. 
Consider the work of God: for who can make that straight, which he hath made crooked? 
In
103,nd thine house, because he is well with thee; 
Then thou shalt take an aul, and thrust it through his e
106, Father, but is of the world. 
And the world passeth away, and the lust thereof: but he that doeth the wil
108,nt which the LORD thy God commanded thee, 
But camest back, and hast eaten bread and drunk water in the plac
100,ey could not: so there were lice upon man, and upon beast. 
Then the magicians said unto Pharaoh, Th
102,
Nebuchadnezzar spake and said unto them, Is it true, O Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, do not ye ser
113,e was like a noise of many waters: and the earth shined with his glory. 
And it was according to the appearance o
108,d and went into a desert place: and the people sought him, and came unto him, and stayed him, that he should
118,ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard them. 
And, behold, a certa
111,, city by city, 
And said to the judges, Take heed what ye do: for ye judge not for man, but for the LORD, who 
96,ich were in those quarters: for they knew all that his father was a Greek. 
And as they went thr
96,hou shalt be satisfied with bread. 
It is naught, it is naught, saith the buyer: but when he is 
85,d immediately the king sent an executioner, and commanded his head to be brought: and
115,before the men and the women, and those that could understand; and the ears of all the people were attentive unto t
113,e rest of Manasseh's sons had the land of Gilead. 
And the coast of Manasseh was from Asher to Michmethah, that l
88,lver for the tables of silver: 
Also pure gold for the fleshhooks, and the bowls, and th
109,
And they came to the threshingfloor of Atad, which is beyond Jordan, and there they mourned with a great and
115,t high for evermore. 
For, lo, thine enemies, O LORD, for, lo, thine enemies shall perish; all the workers of iniqu
93,s pillars. 
And he spread abroad the tent over the tabernacle, and put the covering of the te
99,nd I find no rest. 
Thus shalt thou say unto him, The LORD saith thus; Behold, that which I have bu
86,ok it, and dispossessed the Amorite which was in it. 
And Moses gave Gilead unto Machi
87, children which thou shalt have, after thou hast lost the other, shall say again in thi
89, her, What wilt thou? She saith unto him, Grant that these my two sons may sit, the one o
104,s the days of her separation: she shall be unclean. 
Every bed whereon she lieth all the days of her iss
111,ined of the remnant of the giants: for these did Moses smite, and cast them out. 
Nevertheless the children of 
108,ce thou wast precious in my sight, thou hast been honourable, and I have loved thee: therefore will I give m
84,the time that he had made him overseer in his house, and over all that he had, that 
98,welt in the land of Egypt, in Pathros, answered Jeremiah, saying, 
As for the word that thou hast 
108,one upon Jerusalem. 
As it is written in the law of Moses, all this evil is come upon us: yet made we not ou
95,ten thousand drams, and of silver ten thousand talents, and of brass eighteen thousand talents,
81, offering before the LORD. 
And the priest shall burn the fat upon the altar: but
118,ger with their inventions: and the plague brake in upon them. 
Then stood up Phinehas, and executed judgment: and so t
97,for all his benefits toward me? 
I will take the cup of salvation, and call upon the name of the 
86,vid unto the house that he had built for her: for he said, My wife shall not dwell in 
97,he Amorites, in whose land ye dwell: but ye have not obeyed my voice. 
And there came an angel of
107,borders. 
And Edom said unto him, Thou shalt not pass by me, lest I come out against thee with the sword. 

108,st live, and inherit the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee. 
Thou shalt not plant thee a grove of any 
106, greater abominations. 
And he brought me to the door of the court; and when I looked, behold a hole in th
112,e good, so is the sinner; and he that sweareth, as he that feareth an oath. 
This is an evil among all things th
87,ght to lay hands on him, they feared the multitude, because they took him for a prophet
108, brought every man his ox with him that night, and slew them there. 
And Saul built an altar unto the LORD: 
113,nathan sought to go over unto the Philistines' garrison, there was a sharp rock on the one side, and a sharp rock
80,the LORD. 
And the king said to Doeg, Turn thou, and fall upon the priests. And 
86, to present you holy and unblameable and unreproveable in his sight: 
If ye continue i
105,d said unto them, Elias truly shall first come, and restore all things. 
But I say unto you, That Elias i
90,m the word of the LORD came, saying, Israel shall be thy name: 
And with the stones he bui
87,nathan shewed him all those things. And Jonathan brought David to Saul, and he was in h
98,. 
He that is not with me is against me: and he that gathereth not with me scattereth. 
When the u
83,s not. 
Leave thy fatherless children, I will preserve them alive; and let thy wido
97,ereof. 
And whosoever shall fall on this stone shall be broken: but on whomsoever it shall fall, 
93,for thus he weakeneth the hands of the men of war that remain in this city, and the hands of 
87,d on her lovers, on the Assyrians her neighbours, 
Which were clothed with blue, captai
119,t thine hand with the wicked to be an unrighteous witness. 
Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil; neither shalt
82, man, having on his head a golden crown, and in his hand a sharp sickle. 
And anot
86,e to dwell in darkness, as those that have been long dead. 
Therefore is my spirit ove
96,will reveal him. 
Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest
86,owledge; yea, he gave good heed, and sought out, and set in order many proverbs. 
The 
111,ll of the Lord be done. 
And after those days we took up our carriages, and went up to Jerusalem. 
There went w
100,ned with me said unto me, Cry thou, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; I am jealous for Jerusalem
118,ouds also dropped water. 
The mountains melted from before the LORD, even that Sinai from before the LORD God of Israe
99,of pure gold: and the entry of the house, the inner doors thereof for the most holy place, and the 
113, this taxing was first made when Cyrenius was governor of Syria.) 
And all went to be taxed, every one into his o
99,of the house of Israel out of the north country, and from all countries whither I had driven them; 
95,en, and the other left. 
Two men shall be in the field; the one shall be taken, and the other l
119,of Israel. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; This is Jerusalem: I have set it in the midst of the nations and countries that ar
85,d find thee without, I would kiss thee; yea, I should not be despised. 
I would lead 
120,nscience is defiled. 
They profess that they know God; but in works they deny him, being abominable, and disobedient, an
96,his own charges? who planteth a vineyard, and eateth not of the fruit thereof? or who feedeth a 
90, that go down to Egypt for help; and stay on horses, and trust in chariots, because they a
112,he land of Canaan, all the Egyptians came unto Joseph, and said, Give us bread: for why should we die in thy pre
112,nd unholy, and between unclean and clean; 
And that ye may teach the children of Israel all the statutes which t
96,f in the field unto the third day at even. 
If thy father at all miss me, then say, David earnes
97,ord GOD unto the land of Israel; An end, the end is come upon the four corners of the land. 
Now 
87,nd let his spittle fall down upon his beard. 
Then said Achish unto his servants, Lo, y
85,agreeth not with the old. 
And no man putteth new wine into old bottles; else the new
84,hind him were there red horses, speckled, and white. 
Then said I, O my lord, what a
94,hand of the Philistines: and to morrow shalt thou and thy sons be with me: the LORD also shall
96,ng unto her. 
So they two went until they came to Bethlehem. And it came to pass, when they were
91,a wife unto my son Isaac. 
And the servant said unto him, Peradventure the woman will not b
100,d to thyself, and keep thy soul diligently, lest thou forget the things which thine eyes have seen, 
105,ll eat the increase thereof out of the field. 
In the year of this jubile ye shall return every man unto 
104,he house that he had built, 
And the meat of his table, and the sitting of his servants, and the attenda
81,daviah, and Jahdiel, mighty men of valour, famous men, and heads of the house of 
105,h subjected the same in hope, 
Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of co
100,is land; for I will not leave thee, until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of. 
And Jaco
114, with fire unquenchable. 
And many other things in his exhortation preached he unto the people. 
But Herod the tet
106,withereth, the flower fadeth: because the spirit of the LORD bloweth upon it: surely the people is grass. 
90, open thine eyes, O LORD, and see: and hear all the words of Sennacherib, which hath sent 
97, found, then the master of the house shall be brought unto the judges, to see whether he have put
120, and God is glorified in him. 
If God be glorified in him, God shall also glorify him in himself, and shall straightway 
102,l burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire. 
Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John, to be
90,rength in the tabernacles of Ham: 
But made his own people to go forth like sheep, and gui
84,reastplates, as it were breastplates of iron; and the sound of their wings was as th
114, the roes upon the mountains; 
Ezer the first, Obadiah the second, Eliab the third, 
Mishmannah the fourth, Jeremi
98,of them. 
Yet a small number that escape the sword shall return out of the land of Egypt into the 
106,e frankincense thereof: it is an offering made by fire unto the LORD. 
And if his oblation be a sacrifice 
120,oses, Now shalt thou see what I will do to Pharaoh: for with a strong hand shall he let them go, and with a strong hand 
112,o more be named in the mouth of any man of Judah in all the land of Egypt, saying, The Lord GOD liveth. 
Behold,
89,and the box tree together: 
That they may see, and know, and consider, and understand tog
96, spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto Aaron and unto his sons, saying, On this wise ye shall bl
112,cording to the cleanness of my hands hath he recompensed me. 
For I have kept the ways of the LORD, and have not
82,l that might do service in the tabernacle of the congregation, whom Moses and Aaro
100, seen a spirit. 
And he said unto them, Why are ye troubled? and why do thoughts arise in your heart
102, the city, the child shall die. 
And all Israel shall mourn for him, and bury him: for he only of Jero
112,, we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us: 
Which h
103,is written in the book of Jasher? So the sun stood still in the midst of heaven, and hasted not to go d
107,srael, distributed for inheritance to them. 
By lot was their inheritance, as the LORD commanded by the han
94,ame: I have surnamed thee, though thou hast not known me. 
I am the LORD, and there is none el
102,orld upon them. 
He will keep the feet of his saints, and the wicked shall be silent in darkness; for 
87,ah; Thou art Gilead unto me, and the head of Lebanon: yet surely I will make thee a wil
100, unto the armies of Israel, and said unto them, Why are ye come out to set your battle in array? am 
87, land of the Philistines, although that was near; for God said, Lest peradventure the p
83,ly, shall one say, in the LORD have I righteousness and strength: even to him shall
101,andle of the LORD, searching all the inward parts of the belly. 
Mercy and truth preserve the king: a
96,the sword of the wilderness. 
Our skin was black like an oven because of the terrible famine. 
T
86,xcellency of Carmel and Sharon, they shall see the glory of the LORD, and the excellen
88,e found there. And he said, I will not do it, if I find thirty there. 
And he said, Beho
109, them in thy skirts. 
Then take of them again, and cast them into the midst of the fire, and burn them in the
105,und about according to their families. 
And unto Caleb the son of Jephunneh he gave a part among the chil
107, thing. 
These are the beasts which ye shall eat: the ox, the sheep, and the goat, 
The hart, and the roebu
113,t all that mourn; 
To appoint unto them that mourn in Zion, to give unto them beauty for ashes, the oil of joy fo
114,n thou reapest, neither shalt thou gather any gleaning of thy harvest: thou shalt leave them unto the poor, and to
86,y cut off all wicked doers from the city of the LORD. 
Hear my prayer, O LORD, and let
93,Malluch, and Shemariah. 
Of the sons of Hashum; Mattenai, Mattathah, Zabad, Eliphelet, Jerema
95,d not live alway: let me alone; for my days are vanity. 
What is man, that thou shouldest magni
113,y for sweetness. 
And he said unto me, Son of man, go, get thee unto the house of Israel, and speak with my words
94, Israel took all these cities: and Israel dwelt in all the cities of the Amorites, in Heshbon,
97,themselves, which of them it was that should do this thing. 
And there was also a strife among th
81,house of Joseph, they also went up against Bethel: and the LORD was with them. 
A
113, water, and shall be clean. 
And on the eighth day he shall take to him two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, an
116,unto his crown. 
And he took him a potsherd to scrape himself withal; and he sat down among the ashes. 
Then said hi
108,. 
Then I arose, and went forth into the plain: and, behold, the glory of the LORD stood there, as the glory
90, away. 
But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels of heaven, but my Fath
114, and said, Gabriel, make this man to understand the vision. 
So he came near where I stood: and when he came, I wa
108,it was diverse from all the beasts that were before it; and it had ten horns. 
I considered the horns, and, 
96, nations shall see their dead bodies three days and an half, and shall not suffer their dead bod
114, Mephibosheth dwelt in Jerusalem: for he did eat continually at the king's table; and was lame on both his feet. 

83,hy mother: 
Bind them continually upon thine heart, and tie them about thy neck. 
W
99,l we go forth? then thou shalt tell them, Thus saith the LORD; Such as are for death, to death; and
113,nd in how many things he ministered unto me at Ephesus, thou knowest very well. 
Thou therefore, my son, be stron
117,the throne, and stays on each side of the sitting place, and two lions standing by the stays: 
And twelve lions stood
112,sites, seven nations greater and mightier than thou; 
And when the LORD thy God shall deliver them before thee; 
110,d have tempted me now these ten times, and have not hearkened to my voice; 
Surely they shall not see the land
109,RD is full of majesty. 
The voice of the LORD breaketh the cedars; yea, the LORD breaketh the cedars of Leban
87, tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me. 
Now when the
91,ach. 
For the LORD will not cast off for ever: 
But though he cause grief, yet will he have
103,o the LORD: and Samuel cried unto the LORD for Israel; and the LORD heard him. 
And as Samuel was offer
92,d about her grave: all of them slain, fallen by the sword, which caused terror in the land o
97,And they said unto him, Nay, my lord, but to buy food are thy servants come. 
We are all one man'
110,he people shouted, and said, God save the king. 
Then Samuel told the people the manner of the kingdom, and wr
107,, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and worship the image
109,and he will shew them his covenant. 
Mine eyes are ever toward the LORD; for he shall pluck my feet out of th
97,brook Zered. And we went over the brook Zered. 
And the space in which we came from Kadeshbarnea,
105,ren of Gad, and half the tribe of Manasseh, passed over armed before the children of Israel, as Moses spa
89, Lord Almighty. 
Having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselve
112,d, behold, the people were come forth out of the city; and he rose up against them, and smote them. 
And Abimele
85,ents. 
For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments: and his commandmen
98,s, and bellow as bulls; 
Your mother shall be sore confounded; she that bare you shall be ashamed:
115,and not have suffered his house to be broken through. 
Be ye therefore ready also: for the Son of man cometh at an 
109,Be of good courage, and let us play the men for our people, and for the cities of our God: and the LORD do th
111,ll continue in the blood of her purifying threescore and six days. 
And when the days of her purifying are fulf
90,st of all the families of the tribe of Benjamin? wherefore then speakest thou so to me? 
A
120, it settings of stones, even four rows of stones: the first row shall be a sardius, a topaz, and a carbuncle: this shall
88, he have performed the thoughts of his heart: in the latter days ye shall consider it pe
109, your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heave
105,e, saying, 
Son of man, set thy face toward Jerusalem, and drop thy word toward the holy places, and prop
87,thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish. 
So ought men to love their wive
120, for to consider of this matter. 
And when there had been much disputing, Peter rose up, and said unto them, Men and bre
87,e tribe of Dan, Ammiel the son of Gemalli. 
Of the tribe of Asher, Sethur the son of Mi
103,ee, then I will come and help thee. 
Be of good courage, and let us play the men for our people, and fo
82,be full of fatness. 
But thou hast fulfilled the judgment of the wicked: judgment 
106, holy and our beautiful house, where our fathers praised thee, is burned up with fire: and all our pleasan
83,h were, Zereth, and Jezoar, and Ethnan. 
And Coz begat Anub, and Zobebah, and the f
85,d. 
The fifth captain for the fifth month was Shamhuth the Izrahite: and in his cours
94,r brethren the children of Esau, which dwell in Seir; and they shall be afraid of you: take ye
83,ew with the trumpets: and the ark of the covenant of the LORD followed them. 
And t
113,e people went forth, and brought them, and made themselves booths, every one upon the roof of his house, and in t
102,led at that time in the third month, that is, the month Sivan, on the three and twentieth day thereof;
117, Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, as in heaven, so in earth. 
Give us day by day our daily bread. 
And forgive us 
92,til the fierce wrath of our God for this matter be turned from us. 
Only Jonathan the son of
113,ing of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, I will disguise myself, and enter into the battle; but put thou on thy robes
84,ent up together into the temple at the hour of prayer, being the ninth hour. 
And a 
94,shall be inhabited, as in the days of old, saith the LORD. 
But fear not thou, O my servant Ja
109,; and he fell on the ground, and wallowed foaming. 
And he asked his father, How long is it ago since this ca
110, all the children of Israel; as the LORD commanded Moses and Aaron, so did they. 
And it came to pass the self
81,tempted the LORD, saying, Is the LORD among us, or not? 
Then came Amalek, and fo
111,hus saith the LORD, He that remaineth in this city shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence
83,all countries: I will therefore now make preparation for it. So David prepared abun
112, thank thee, and praise thee, O thou God of my fathers, who hast given me wisdom and might, and hast made known 
114, it shall come to pass in that day, that the LORD shall beat off from the channel of the river unto the stream of 
84,eted them, and took them; and, behold, they are hid in the earth in the midst of my 
96,and upon every fenced wall, 
And upon all the ships of Tarshish, and upon all pleasant pictures.
92,they shall flee every one to his own land. 
Israel is a scattered sheep; the lions have driv
113,nder the law, that we might receive the adoption of sons. 
And because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the Spiri
111,e, and I am gone: and mine hope hath he removed like a tree. 
He hath also kindled his wrath against me, and he
116,n David departed, and came into the forest of Hareth. 
When Saul heard that David was discovered, and the men that w
85,n law, she said, Who art thou, my daughter? And she told her all that the man had don
107,them that fear thee, that it may be displayed because of the truth. Selah. 
That thy beloved may be deliver
85,estroy many: he shall also stand up against the Prince of princes; but he shall be br
84, wait for my soul take counsel together, 
Saying, God hath forsaken him: persecute a
111,for his mercy endureth for ever. 
And when they began to sing and to praise, the LORD set ambushments against t
110,alances, and a just ephah, and a just bath. 
The ephah and the bath shall be of one measure, that the bath may
114,h speaking these words in the house of the LORD. 
Now it came to pass, when Jeremiah had made an end of speaking a
97,d him to be guilty of death. 
And some began to spit on him, and to cover his face, and to buffet
83,down to the potter's house, and, behold, he wrought a work on the wheels. 
And the 
115,here shall ye serve other gods day and night; where I will not shew you favour. 
Therefore, behold, the days come, 
91,d mind. 
Be not thou therefore ashamed of the testimony of our Lord, nor of me his prisoner
87,pised him, and brought no presents. But he held his peace. 
Then Nahash the Ammonite ca
91,itant, and the houses without man, and the land be utterly desolate, 
And the LORD have rem
115,fled. 
But Paul cried with a loud voice, saying, Do thyself no harm: for we are all here. 
Then he called for a lig
91,b came to Jerusalem. 
And when the Syrians saw that they were put to the worse before Israe
108, priests shall be astonished, and the prophets shall wonder. 
Then said I, Ah, Lord GOD! surely thou hast gr
112,him: therefore he shall go forth with great fury to destroy, and utterly to make away many. 
And he shall plant 
120,in this house: 
Then hear thou in heaven, and do, and judge thy servants, condemning the wicked, to bring his way upon h
114,and I should heal them. 
But blessed are your eyes, for they see: and your ears, for they hear. 
For verily I say 
111,like it: it is even the time of Jacob's trouble, but he shall be saved out of it. 
For it shall come to pass in
90,rother to death, and the father the child: and the children shall rise up against their pa
87,s the prophets, and to the saints, and them that fear thy name, small and great; and sh
95, be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him unto me. 
And they brought him unto him: a
112,ve one that hath understanding, and he will understand knowledge. 
He that wasteth his father, and chaseth away 
120,d increased him. 
For the LORD shall comfort Zion: he will comfort all her waste places; and he will make her wilderness
111, 
And he said, O my LORD, send, I pray thee, by the hand of him whom thou wilt send. 
And the anger of the LORD
120,ff. 
And every soul that eateth that which died of itself, or that which was torn with beasts, whether it be one of your
115,d with bows shall men come thither; because all the land shall become briers and thorns. 
And on all hills that sha
81,keepest covenant and mercy with thy servants that walk before thee with all their
93,ogether against me, they devised to take away my life. 
But I trusted in thee, O LORD: I said
102, priest, the scribe, even a scribe of the words of the commandments of the LORD, and of his statutes t
113,her shall ye make any offering thereof in your land. 
Neither from a stranger's hand shall ye offer the bread of 
97,hat the LORD commanded Moses. 
And Moses spake unto the heads of the tribes concerning the childr
89,bestowed in the chariot cities, and with the king at Jerusalem. 
And he reigned over all 
117, scarlet embrace dunghills. 
For the punishment of the iniquity of the daughter of my people is greater than the puni
117,ur God: his judgments are in all the earth. 
He hath remembered his covenant for ever, the word which he commanded to
104, be holy unto your God. 
I am the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of Egypt, to be your 
95,nes upon the mountains of Samaria: the planters shall plant, and shall eat them as common thing
111,ies, but had not pillars as the pillars of the courts: therefore the building was straitened more than the lowe
100, in the waters. 
And they that kept them fled, and went their ways into the city, and told every thi
117,hall the priest put upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand
82,at spoiled them. 
And yet they would not hearken unto their judges, but they went 
89,e called, 
With all lowliness and meekness, with longsuffering, forbearing one another in
88,sses. 
And she said unto her servants, Go on before me; behold, I come after you. But sh
109,ke as when she was brought up with him. 
In those days, while Mordecai sat in the king's gate, two of the kin
107,, which shall be of thy sons; and I will establish his kingdom. 
He shall build me an house, and I will sta
104,en: how much more shall your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him? 
And he was cast
104,turn back to take his clothes. 
And woe unto them that are with child, and to them that give suck in tho
92,alkest abroad any whither, that thou shalt surely die? and thou saidst unto me, The word tha
93,p. 
After two days will he revive us: in the third day he will raise us up, and we shall live
117,ust to come unto you, and speak face to face, that our joy may be full. 
The children of thy elect sister greet thee.
100,saying, and went away grieved: for he had great possessions. 
And Jesus looked round about, and sait
96,me out of trouble. 
A man shall be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth: and the recomp
100,ver of thy pleasures. 
For with thee is the fountain of life: in thy light shall we see light. 
O co
83, God, as if a man should cast seed into the ground; 
And should sleep, and rise nig
80,l be king in my stead: and I have appointed him to be ruler over Israel and over
91, Jonas, lovest thou me more than these? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I l
117,Honour the LORD with thy substance, and with the firstfruits of all thine increase: 
So shall thy barns be filled wit
81, If any man of you or of your posterity shall be unclean by reason of a dead body
116,r the boards of the one side of the tabernacle, 
And five bars for the boards of the other side of the tabernacle, a
108,, promised before the world began; 
But hath in due times manifested his word through preaching, which is co
82,ter, we have toiled all the night, and have taken nothing: nevertheless at thy wor
85,hy children. 
As they were increased, so they sinned against me: therefore will I cha
96,h the tokens of the liars, and maketh diviners mad; that turneth wise men backward, and maketh t
104,the place which the LORD thy God shall choose: 
And thou shalt bestow that money for whatsoever thy soul
110, twentieth year even unto the two and thirtieth year of Artaxerxes the king, that is, twelve years, I and my b
82,p it up. 
The best of them is as a brier: the most upright is sharper than a thorn
84,. 
And they caught every one his fellow by the head, and thrust his sword in his fel
86,D. 
There be many that say, Who will shew us any good? LORD, lift thou up the light of
107,t, my lord, O king. 
And when king David came to Bahurim, behold, thence came out a man of the family of th
106,lnathan, and for Jarib, and for Elnathan, and for Nathan, and for Zechariah, and for Meshullam, chief men;
90, LORD shall rise up as in mount Perazim, he shall be wroth as in the valley of Gibeon, tha
112,on his works with meekness of wisdom. 
But if ye have bitter envying and strife in your hearts, glory not, and l
101,derness: 
To overthrow their seed also among the nations, and to scatter them in the lands. 
They joi
95, thy sight, and have made thee a great name, like unto the name of the great men that are in th
104,t, it was white as snow in Salmon. 
The hill of God is as the hill of Bashan; an high hill as the hill o
82, unto the king of Edom, saying, Let me, I pray thee, pass through thy land: but th
97,shalt thou lift up thy face without spot; yea, thou shalt be stedfast, and shalt not fear: 
Becau
97,h out of the wall: he spake also of beasts, and of fowl, and of creeping things, and of fishes. 

106,good hand of our God upon us they brought us a man of understanding, of the sons of Mahli, the son of Levi
107,mmon death of all men, or if they be visited after the visitation of all men; then the LORD hath not sent m
104, saying, 
Son of man, prophesy against the prophets of Israel that prophesy, and say thou unto them that
107,y people as they eat bread, and call not upon the LORD. 
There were they in great fear: for God is in the g
89, charmers, and to them that have familiar spirits, and to the wizards. 
And the Egyptians
94, will he go unto the wise. 
A merry heart maketh a cheerful countenance: but by sorrow of the 
87,the fountain of the water of life freely. 
He that overcometh shall inherit all things;
107,ord Jesus Christ. 
We have sent therefore Judas and Silas, who shall also tell you the same things by mouth
81,he slain, and spoiled the city, because they had defiled their sister. 
They took
107,ael, both of man and of beast: it is mine. 
And Moses said unto the people, Remember this day, in which ye 
92, blade was sprung up, and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tares also. 
So the servant
80,zed for the dead, if the dead rise not at all? why are they then baptized for th
85,ng of nations, and Amraphel king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Ellasar; four kings wi
105,ll ye be troubled, ye careless women: for the vintage shall fail, the gathering shall not come. 
Tremble,
91,e laboured, and wherein I have shewed myself wise under the sun. This is also vanity. 
Ther
100, rulers, because they knew him not, nor yet the voices of the prophets which are read every sabbath 
85,hen they were assembled with the elders, and had taken counsel, they gave large money
92,ple shall say, Amen. 
And it shall come to pass, if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the v
117,as on this manner: they had borders, and the borders were between the ledges: 
And on the borders that were between t
101,t of them; and I will cause him to draw near, and he shall approach unto me: for who is this that eng
117,n the sickle, because the harvest is come. 
And he said, Whereunto shall we liken the kingdom of God? or with what co
86,use Syria, Ephraim, and the son of Remaliah, have taken evil counsel against thee, say
118,the wheat into the sea. 
And when it was day, they knew not the land: but they discovered a certain creek with a shore
102,d long in the land, and shall corrupt yourselves, and make a graven image, or the likeness of any thin
93,ck, and sprinkle it upon the mercy seat, and before the mercy seat: 
And he shall make an ato
103,e shewbread, that was taken from before the LORD, to put hot bread in the day when it was taken away. 

90,o the churches. 
After this I looked, and, behold, a door was opened in heaven: and the fi
103,l judge among the nations, and shall rebuke many people: and they shall beat their swords into plowshar
110,daea beyond Jordan; 
And great multitudes followed him; and he healed them there. 
The Pharisees also came unt
82,he sat down, and taught them. 
And the scribes and Pharisees brought unto him a wo
94,ther marvelled at those things which were spoken of him. 
And Simeon blessed them, and said un
80,ies wherein ye have been scattered; and I will be sanctified in you before the h
108,hem, and he shall bring them down before thy face: so shalt thou drive them out, and destroy them quickly, a
92,derness with the angel which spake to him in the mount Sina, and with our fathers: who recei
97, I am gathering two sticks, that I may go in and dress it for me and my son, that we may eat it, 
114,h war with thee, until it be subdued. 
If one be found slain in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee to pos
109,eyed from the wilderness of Sin, after their journeys, according to the commandment of the LORD, and pitched 
99, of the kings of Israel? 
So Baasha slept with his fathers, and was buried in Tirzah: and Elah his 
117,an with his weapons in his hand; and whosoever else cometh into the house, he shall be put to death: but be ye with t
108,so run after Cushi. And Joab said, Wherefore wilt thou run, my son, seeing that thou hast no tidings ready? 
91,ich murmur against me? I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel, which they mu
118,sciples came to Jesus, saying unto him, Where wilt thou that we prepare for thee to eat the passover? 
And he said, Go
80,to the LORD, and it be sin unto thee. 
The fathers shall not be put to death for
81,e also enlarged. 
Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what f
114,n me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except
115, been accepted in the sight of the LORD? 
And when Moses heard that, he was content. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses
105,bbling? who hath wounds without cause? who hath redness of eyes? 
They that tarry long at the wine; they 
109, GOD. 
And I will set my glory among the heathen, and all the heathen shall see my judgment that I have execu
89,yes of the blind man with the clay, 
And said unto him, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam, (
81,en have eaten, and the portion of the men which went with me, Aner, Eshcol, and M
115, returned again to Lystra, and to Iconium, and Antioch, 
Confirming the souls of the disciples, and exhorting them 
80,s in the valley of decision: for the day of the LORD is near in the valley of de
119,assemble her that halteth, and I will gather her that is driven out, and her that I have afflicted; 
And I will make he
92,f the house. 
And he overlaid the cherubims with gold. 
And he carved all the walls of the h
104,e have known him that is from the beginning. I have written unto you, young men, because ye are strong, 
89,nounced against them; but they hearkened not. 
Then took Jeremiah another roll, and gave 
95,ech king of Gerar sent, and took Sarah. 
But God came to Abimelech in a dream by night, and sai
100, Moses; and the frogs died out of the houses, out of the villages, and out of the fields. 
And they 
112,ned of the remnant of giants; behold his bedstead was a bedstead of iron; is it not in Rabbath of the children o
88,my faithful martyr, who was slain among you, where Satan dwelleth. 
But I have a few thi
106, 
This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is 
115,tanding; 
To receive the instruction of wisdom, justice, and judgment, and equity; 
To give subtilty to the simple,
118,enown went forth among the heathen for thy beauty: for it was perfect through my comeliness, which I had put upon thee
108,him. And Tobiah sent letters to put me in fear. 
Now it came to pass, when the wall was built, and I had set
108,d call his servants by another name: 
That he who blesseth himself in the earth shall bless himself in the G
116,rvice thereof. 
And Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest shall be chief over the chief of the Levites, and have the o
107, was buried in the way to Ephrath, which is Bethlehem. 
And Jacob set a pillar upon her grave: that is the 
89,tood afar off: 
And they lifted up their voices, and said, Jesus, Master, have mercy on u
99,ing under an oak: and he said unto him, Art thou the man of God that camest from Judah? And he said
106,e time. 
And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo the Ahohite, one of the three mighty men with David, wh
108,forsaken and hated, so that no man went through thee, I will make thee an eternal excellency, a joy of many 
81,e him? 
And would to God this people were under my hand! then would I remove Abim
83,atherless and widow, and loveth the stranger, in giving him food and raiment. 
Love
101, and the border went about eastward unto Taanathshiloh, and passed by it on the east to Janohah; 
And
84,o hundred loaves, and two bottles of wine, and five sheep ready dressed, and five me
104, that man or that woman, and shalt stone them with stones, till they die. 
At the mouth of two witnesses
112,e LORD. 
Because thou hast said, These two nations and these two countries shall be mine, and we will possess it
84, 
And ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony ag
85,we not our prayer before the LORD our God, that we might turn from our iniquities, an
81, afraid to stretch forth thine hand to destroy the LORD's anointed? 
And David ca
103,t shew it. 
And Mordecai walked every day before the court of the women's house, to know how Esther did
102,t of the land of Egypt, concerning burnt offerings or sacrifices: 
But this thing commanded I them, sa
118,ad made an end of communing with him upon mount Sinai, two tables of testimony, tables of stone, written with the fing
119, look back to their children for feebleness of hands; 
Because of the day that cometh to spoil all the Philistines, and
98,th thee, of all flesh, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon
103,l he be filled. 
Death and life are in the power of the tongue: and they that love it shall eat the fru
100,ll the people heard when the king gave all the captains charge concerning Absalom. 
So the people we
89,A green olive tree, fair, and of goodly fruit: with the noise of a great tumult he hath k
86, is snared in the work of his own hands. Higgaion. Selah. 
The wicked shall be turned 
100,erefore the princes said unto the king, We beseech thee, let this man be put to death: for thus he w
101, duke Jaalam, duke Korah: these were the dukes that came of Aholibamah the daughter of Anah, Esau's w
82,out against Israel to battle, he and all his people, at a time appointed, before t
106,ing Solomon raised; for to build the house of the LORD, and his own house, and Millo, and the wall of Jeru
87,rist must needs have suffered, and risen again from the dead; and that this Jesus, whom
120,t of heaven standing on his right hand and on his left. 
And the LORD said, Who shall entice Ahab king of Israel, that h
108, and eastward, and behold it with thine eyes: for thou shalt not go over this Jordan. 
But charge Joshua, an
90,left is this great store. 
Then Hezekiah commanded to prepare chambers in the house of the
114,unto the nether parts of the earth, with them that go down into the pit. 
Whom dost thou pass in beauty? go down, 
84, because of swearing the land mourneth; the pleasant places of the wilderness are dr
107,d it came to pass, when Joab observed the city, that he assigned Uriah unto a place where he knew that vali
99, lie in the midst of the uncircumcised with them that be slain by the sword. This is Pharaoh and al
110, Israel in lying with Jacob's daughter: which thing ought not to be done. 
And Hamor communed with them, sayin
117,that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, l
105,f the LORD: for the king of Israel is come out to seek a flea, as when one doth hunt a partridge in the m
111,ent this saying abroad among the brethren, that that disciple should not die: yet Jesus said not unto him, He s
95,, and maketh flesh his arm, and whose heart departeth from the LORD. 
For he shall be like the 
90,an find it out? 
I applied mine heart to know, and to search, and to seek out wisdom, and 
109,king's treasuries for the Jews, to destroy them. 
Also he gave him the copy of the writing of the decree that
105,n bottle, and take of the ancients of the people, and of the ancients of the priests; 
And go forth unto 
108,o scatter the power of the holy people, all these things shall be finished. 
And I heard, but I understood n
87,alleth those things which be not as though they were. 
Who against hope believed in hop
87,em, and go in unto them, and they to you: 
Know for a certainty that the LORD your God 
111,ch I have prepared. 
Beware of him, and obey his voice, provoke him not; for he will not pardon your transgress
108,hy face, and shall not be restored to thee: thy sheep shall be given unto thine enemies, and thou shalt have
119,osen man, that I may appoint over her? for who is like me? and who will appoint me the time? and who is that shepherd t
99,heathen, that I might be their God: I am the LORD. 
These are the statutes and judgments and laws, 
108,nctify unto the LORD a field which he hath bought, which is not of the fields of his possession; 
Then the p
98,estimony. 
And the children of Israel took their journeys out of the wilderness of Sinai; and the 
88,very sore, O LORD, neither remember iniquity for ever: behold, see, we beseech thee, we 
109,of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Did I not tell thee that he would not prophesy good unto me, but evil? 
Again 
89,gainst him? 
And Moses sent to call Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab: which said, We 
93,d Lebanon is not sufficient to burn, nor the beasts thereof sufficient for a burnt offering. 
103,eremiah, saying, 
Considerest thou not what this people have spoken, saying, The two families which the
96,d all the brethren. 
The Lord Jesus Christ be with thy spirit. Grace be with you. Amen. 
Paul, a
80,mos, O thou seer, go, flee thee away into the land of Judah, and there eat bread
115, of Jehoiachin king of Judah, and brought him forth out of prison. 
And spake kindly unto him, and set his throne a
105,y yoke upon you, I will put more to your yoke: my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise yo
108,r, and fell down, and worshipped him: and when they had opened their treasures, they presented unto him gift
85, 
He shall lend to thee, and thou shalt not lend to him: he shall be the head, and th
92, to you, to me indeed is not grievous, but for you it is safe. 
Beware of dogs, beware of ev
113, behold, a woman lay at his feet. 
And he said, Who art thou? And she answered, I am Ruth thine handmaid: spread 
103, hand unto. 
For the poor shall never cease out of the land: therefore I command thee, saying, Thou sha
80,sister of Nebajoth, to be his wife. 
And Jacob went out from Beersheba, and went
88, But the thing that David had done displeased the LORD. 
And the LORD sent Nathan unto D
85,and of Canaan, which I give unto the children of Israel: of every tribe of their fath
91, whether there be any Holy Ghost. 
And he said unto them, Unto what then were ye baptized? 
82,ittim wood: the length of it was a cubit, and the breadth of it a cubit; it was fo
117,, that made heaven and earth, who hath given to David the king a wise son, endued with prudence and understanding, th
111, hold their peace, declared unto them how the Lord had brought him out of the prison. And he said, Go shew thes
118,u, and ye have not lamented. 
For John came neither eating nor drinking, and they say, He hath a devil. 
The Son of ma
99,sinners, to receive as much again. 
But love ye your enemies, and do good, and lend, hoping for not
83,h the inwards of him, and his legs, and put them unto his pieces, and unto his head
115,here they shall bake the meat offering; that they bear them not out into the utter court, to sanctify the people. 

104,ers may be multiplied in the land of Egypt. 
And Moses and Aaron did all these wonders before Pharaoh: a
87,us saith the LORD, Behold, a people cometh from the north country, and a great nation s
87,the priest shall be unclean until the even. 
And he that burneth her shall wash his clo
109,ffering thou didst not desire; mine ears hast thou opened: burnt offering and sin offering hast thou not requ
104,terpretations belong to God? tell me them, I pray you. 
And the chief butler told his dream to Joseph, a
114,pillars of heaven tremble and are astonished at his reproof. 
He divideth the sea with his power, and by his under
120,s: but a false witness deceit. 
There is that speaketh like the piercings of a sword: but the tongue of the wise is heal
110,r I perceive that virtue is gone out of me. 
And when the woman saw that she was not hid, she came trembling, 
96,n the wilderness in strong holds, and remained in a mountain in the wilderness of Ziph. And Saul
118,ht Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises unto God: and the prisoners heard them. 
And suddenly there was a great ear
102,t lion's whelps are scattered abroad. 
Now a thing was secretly brought to me, and mine ear received a
106,lood, unto this day. 
Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy the prophet, saying, And they too
100,es, they will faint by the way: for divers of them came from far. 
And his disciples answered him, F
90,to them, That is it that I spake unto you, saying, Ye are spies: 
Hereby ye shall be prove
93,e tribe of the children of Simeon according to their families: and their inheritance was with
95,vites were not numbered among the children of Israel; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And the chi
87,f the world. 
He shall neither have son nor nephew among his people, nor any remaining 
114,f the midst of hell with them that help him: they are gone down, they lie uncircumcised, slain by the sword. 
Assh
105,nt offerings in the house of the LORD continually all the days of Jehoiada. 
But Jehoiada waxed old, and 
89,, and precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed with him of all tha
91,thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, n
120, yet shall not thy teachers be removed into a corner any more, but thine eyes shall see thy teachers: 
And thine ears sh
85,en is like to a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and sowed in his field: 
Whi
103, which the king, and his counsellors, and his lords, and all Israel there present, had offered: 
I even
104, as oxen, and his body was wet with the dew of heaven, till his hairs were grown like eagles' feathers, 
114, instruct him? but we have the mind of Christ. 
And I, brethren, could not speak unto you as unto spiritual, but a
87,ghty man? the goodness of God endureth continually. 
The tongue deviseth mischiefs; lik
106, his twelve disciples, he departed thence to teach and to preach in their cities. 
Now when John had heard
109, lies. 
They are all adulterers, as an oven heated by the baker, who ceaseth from raising after he hath knead
93,r bands be made strong: for I have heard from the Lord GOD of hosts a consumption, even deter
85, in my kingdom for ever: and his throne shall be established for evermore. 
According
120,his brother, and every man to his neighbour: behold, I proclaim a liberty for you, saith the LORD, to the sword, to the 
93,rein, as their fathers did keep it, or not. 
Therefore the LORD left those nations, without d
111,ith him, as they mourned and wept. 
And they, when they had heard that he was alive, and had been seen of her, 
97, and David had abode two days in Ziklag; 
It came even to pass on the third day, that, behold, a 
88,at my counsel. 
After my words they spake not again; and my speech dropped upon them. 
A
84, not turned. 
Strangers have devoured his strength, and he knoweth it not: yea, gray
81,of hosts, and I will remove the iniquity of that land in one day. 
In that day, s
81,prison. After him Pedaiah the son of Parosh. 
Moreover the Nethinims dwelt in Oph
112,gues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing every sickness and every disease among the people. 
B
86,brought forth the sick into the streets, and laid them on beds and couches, that at th
114, of whom I have spoken in old time by my servants the prophets of Israel, which prophesied in those days many year
88, saw much people, and was moved with compassion toward them, because they were as sheep 
84,lads; and let my name be named on them, and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac
98,came, every one whose heart stirred him up, and every one whom his spirit made willing, and they b
81,threatenings: and grant unto thy servants, that with all boldness they may speak 
85,fore he spake, and commanded that they should heat the furnace one seven times more t
117,latiah the son of Benaiah, princes of the people. 
Then said he unto me, Son of man, these are the men that devise mi
118, and Saul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead. 
And Saul died, and Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in hi
99, of the high ones that are on high, and the kings of the earth upon the earth. 
And they shall be g
109, of the lake. And they launched forth. 
But as they sailed he fell asleep: and there came down a storm of win
85,hy free spirit. 
Then will I teach transgressors thy ways; and sinners shall be conve
119,r than my groaning. 
Oh that I knew where I might find him! that I might come even to his seat! 
I would order my cause
86,r, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but th
113, the body to Joseph. 
And he bought fine linen, and took him down, and wrapped him in the linen, and laid him in 
108,e, and had been seen of her, believed not. 
After that he appeared in another form unto two of them, as they
107,ng the righteous, to give him according to his righteousness. 
When thy people Israel be smitten down befor
95,ou then, that we may see, and believe thee? what dost thou work? 
Our fathers did eat manna in 
81,nd brake, and gave the loaves to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitud
116,ne hand toward heaven, that there may be hail in all the land of Egypt, upon man, and upon beast, and upon every her
119,nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind, 
Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor 
85,tions may know that I made the children of Israel to dwell in booths, when I brought 
81,on, and he shall feed on Carmel and Bashan, and his soul shall be satisfied upon 
105,hat is escaped of the house of Judah shall again take root downward, and bear fruit upward: 
For out of J
113, of the cloud, and troubled the host of the Egyptians, 
And took off their chariot wheels, that they drave them h
94,arried the book to the king, and brought the king word back again, saying, All that was commit
114,city. 
By faith Abraham, when he was tried, offered up Isaac: and he that had received the promises offered up his
98, the temple, for to hear him. 
Now the feast of unleavened bread drew nigh, which is called the Pa
107,e hoary head is a crown of glory, if it be found in the way of righteousness. 
He that is slow to anger is 
116,hy name. 
Thou hast a mighty arm: strong is thy hand, and high is thy right hand. 
Justice and judgment are the habi
104, dogs shall eat Jezebel by the wall of Jezreel. 
Him that dieth of Ahab in the city the dogs shall eat; 
101,sand and seven hundred shekels of gold; beside ornaments, and collars, and purple raiment that was on
86,aptive of Judah, whom I have sent out of this place into the land of the Chaldeans for
88,saith the LORD. 
For as the new heavens and the new earth, which I will make, shall rema
98,nd two years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Jecoliah of Jerusalem. 
And he did that whic
111,bring into the house of the LORD thy God. Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his mother's milk. 
Behold, I send an 
84, to pass, that, when Jehu was executing judgment upon the house of Ahab, and found t
103,e firstborn Vashni, and Abiah. 
The sons of Merari; Mahli, Libni his son, Shimei his son, Uzza his son,
82,e causeway, and two at Parbar. 
These are the divisions of the porters among the s
85, of the great river, which is Hiddekel; 
Then I lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and 
96, the midst of the congregation will I praise thee. 
Ye that fear the LORD, praise him; all ye th
98,m shall be plucked up, even for others beside those. 
And the king of the south shall be strong, a
120,Jerusalem, and was there three days. 
And I arose in the night, I and some few men with me; neither told I any man what 
83,ere lifted up. 
Whithersoever the spirit was to go, they went, thither was their sp
103,ey rebelled against me, and would not hearken unto me: they did not every man cast away the abomination
87,daytime also he led them with a cloud, and all the night with a light of fire. 
He clav
105,ruth. Every one that is of the truth heareth my voice. 
Pilate saith unto him, What is truth? And when he
100, for the work in all the work of the holy place, even the gold of the offering, was twenty and nine 
109,f Gad, Ramoth in Gilead with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Mahanaim with her suburb
82,fice of his peace offerings unto the LORD shall bring his oblation unto the LORD o
118,ngregation: and the plague was stayed. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, and
106, the house of Israel among all nations, like as corn is sifted in a sieve, yet shall not the least grain f
114,young lions; for the pride of Jordan is spoiled. 
Thus saith the LORD my God; Feed the flock of the slaughter; 
Wh
90,, I will bring again the shadow of the degrees, which is gone down in the sun dial of Ahaz
101,nto Abraham, Let it not be grievous in thy sight because of the lad, and because of thy bondwoman; in
112,undantly, and hast made great wars: thou shalt not build an house unto my name, because thou hast shed much bloo
116,seats in the synagogues, and greetings in the markets. 
Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are 
85,m is a cake not turned. 
Strangers have devoured his strength, and he knoweth it not:
88,d three years. 
And the sons of Merari; Mahali and Mushi: these are the families of Levi
103, ye should minister unto him, and burn incense. 
Then the Levites arose, Mahath the son of Amasai, and 
92,nd they made war with the Hagarites, with Jetur, and Nephish, and Nodab. 
And they were help
81,o the children of Ammon: for the border of the children of Ammon was strong. 
And
104, Lest I die for her. 
And Abimelech said, What is this thou hast done unto us? one of the people might l
111,m to minister unto the saints. 
For it hath pleased them of Macedonia and Achaia to make a certain contribution
96,he fierceness of mine anger, I will not return to destroy Ephraim: for I am God, and not man; th
103,hets, that follow their own spirit, and have seen nothing! 
O Israel, thy prophets are like the foxes i
109,igh, pass over the rivers. 
Thy nakedness shall be uncovered, yea, thy shame shall be seen: I will take venge
97,alling unto him the centurion, he asked him whether he had been any while dead. 
And when he knew
100,o against him. 
And as they bound him with thongs, Paul said unto the centurion that stood by, Is it
99, 
Until the day in which he was taken up, after that he through the Holy Ghost had given commandmen
86,e congregation, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, If any 
117,rn of the land on the morrow after the passover, unleavened cakes, and parched corn in the selfsame day. 
And the man
102,les as a vessel wherein is no pleasure. 
For they are gone up to Assyria, a wild ass alone by himself:
119,urple, in blue, and in fine linen, and in crimson; also to grave any manner of graving, and to find out every device wh
97,brethren of the poor do hate him: how much more do his friends go far from him? he pursueth them 
105,Jerusalem round about. 
Only the people sacrificed in high places, because there was no house built unto 
96, be broken: and I will cast down your slain men before your idols. 
And I will lay the dead carc
111,e king. 
But Abishai the son of Zeruiah answered and said, Shall not Shimei be put to death for this, because h
92,because of thy righteous judgments. 
Great peace have they which love thy law: and nothing s
96,ehold, I will raise them out of the place whither ye have sold them, and will return your recomp
96,Then their anger was abated toward him, when he had said that. 
And Gideon came to Jordan, and p
80,ot I, but the Lord, Let not the wife depart from her husband: 
But and if she de
89,ildren of Israel committed a trespass in the accursed thing: for Achan, the son of Carmi,
110,ish; howl, ye inhabitants of the isle. 
Is this your joyous city, whose antiquity is of ancient days? her own 
88,. 
And the children of Israel shall pitch their tents, every man by his own camp, and ev
114,osoever hath not, from him shall be taken even that which he seemeth to have. 
Then came to him his mother and his
101,e above the curious girdle of the ephod, and that the breastplate be not loosed from the ephod. 
And 
97,s: the name of the one was Peleg; because in his days the earth was divided: and his brother's na
116,save us: we perish. 
And he saith unto them, Why are ye fearful, O ye of little faith? Then he arose, and rebuked th
116, into Galilee; there shall ye see him: lo, I have told you. 
And they departed quickly from the sepulchre with fear 
81, castedst them down into destruction. 
How are they brought into desolation, as i
84,om if thou bring forward on their journey after a godly sort, thou shalt do well: 
B
89, God; and every one that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God. 
He that loveth not know
99,my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage. 
And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from before Ph
98,sdom of God. 
Because the foolishness of God is wiser than men; and the weakness of God is stronge
90,more than the living which are yet alive. 
Yea, better is he than both they, which hath no
118,itteth it with planes, and he marketh it out with the compass, and maketh it after the figure of a man, according to t
80,e she and worshipped him, saying, Lord, help me. 
But he answered and said, It i
112, thou hast greatly deceived this people and Jerusalem, saying, Ye shall have peace; whereas the sword reacheth u
119,, in that the king hath fulfilled the request of his servant. 
So Joab arose and went to Geshur, and brought Absalom to
82,he way where the sun goeth down, in the land of the Canaanites, which dwell in the
97,idst ride upon thine horses and thy chariots of salvation? 
Thy bow was made quite naked, accordi
104,a child may write them. 
And it shall come to pass in that day, that the remnant of Israel, and such as 
107,imaaz: and the name of the captain of his host was Abner, the son of Ner, Saul's uncle. 
And Kish was the f
95,looking toward Gilgal, that is before the going up to Adummim, which is on the south side of th
116,velled that he had not first washed before dinner. 
And the Lord said unto him, Now do ye Pharisees make clean the o
84,yria: and I will defend this city. 
And this shall be a sign unto thee from the LORD
116,hou wast cast out in the open field, to the lothing of thy person, in the day that thou wast born. 
And when I passe
117,rose up against us: 
Then they had swallowed us up quick, when their wrath was kindled against us: 
Then the waters h
118,hich I see not teach thou me: if I have done iniquity, I will do no more. 
Should it be according to thy mind? he will
95,ad thus spoken, he dismissed the assembly. 
And after the uproar was ceased, Paul called unto h
89, in his commandments, and not after the doings of Israel. 
Therefore the LORD stablished 
102,the people did hide themselves in caves, and in thickets, and in rocks, and in high places, and in pit
100,selves together at Michmash; 
Therefore said I, The Philistines will come down now upon me to Gilgal
83, if we hope for that we see not, then do we with patience wait for it. 
Likewise th
96, that ye receive not of her plagues. 
For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath rememb
94,LORD, and grant us thy salvation. 
I will hear what God the LORD will speak: for he will speak
110,of Gebim gather themselves to flee. 
As yet shall he remain at Nob that day: he shall shake his hand against t
112,nto them, Though ye have done this, yet will I be avenged of you, and after that I will cease. 
And he smote the
101,u art an holy people unto the LORD thy God, and the LORD hath chosen thee to be a peculiar people unt
120,d it in the sepulchre of Abner in Hebron. 
Then came all the tribes of Israel to David unto Hebron, and spake, saying, B
105,e afraid; fearfulness hath surprised the hypocrites. Who among us shall dwell with the devouring fire? wh
99,the sight of the LORD: and the LORD strengthened Eglon the king of Moab against Israel, because the
103,oodness that thou gavest them, and in the large and fat land which thou gavest before them, neither tur
80,ld it also be marvellous in mine eyes? saith the LORD of hosts. 
Thus saith the 
111,ntly: 
Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and ab
112,o work it in the blue, and in the purple, and in the scarlet, and in the fine linen, with cunning work. 
They ma
110,not defiled: 
Then shall the man bring his wife unto the priest, and he shall bring her offering for her, the 
93,hall have convenient time. 
Watch ye, stand fast in the faith, quit you like men, be strong. 
108,o the children of Gershon, of the families of the Levites, out of the other half tribe of Manasseh they gave
111,ause of thee. 
And I sent messengers out of the wilderness of Kedemoth unto Sihon king of Heshbon with words of
103,thy daughters shall fall by the sword, and thy land shall be divided by line; and thou shalt die in a p
120, you, That many shall come from the east and west, and shall sit down with Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, in the kingdom
86,ghth day shall be a sabbath. 
And ye shall take you on the first day the boughs of goo
110,and did belong. 
And all thy estimations shall be according to the shekel of the sanctuary: twenty gerahs shal
120,ficers came, and found them not in the prison, they returned and told, 
Saying, The prison truly found we shut with all 
86,ng, and their drink offerings, even an offering made by fire, of sweet savour unto the
118,e their terror to be on all that haunt it! 
Now shall the isles tremble in the day of thy fall; yea, the isles that ar
88,er time with them, he consented not; 
But bade them farewell, saying, I must by all mean
82,stified to the Jews that Jesus was Christ. 
And when they opposed themselves, and 
84,go with thee; he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee. 
And Moses called unto Joshua
106,en, waters to swim in, a river that could not be passed over. 
And he said unto me, Son of man, hast thou 
117, they have despised my people, that they should be no more a nation before them. 
Thus saith the LORD; If my covenant
93,ye the word of the LORD, all Judah that dwell in the land of Egypt; Behold, I have sworn by m
108,ch Haman had made for Mordecai, who spoken good for the king, standeth in the house of Haman. Then the king 
108,e ark of the covenant before the people; 
And as they that bare the ark were come unto Jordan, and the feet 
88,there had been much disputing, Peter rose up, and said unto them, Men and brethren, ye k
106,ivity of Samaria and her daughters, then will I bring again the captivity of thy captives in the midst of 
103,f Abimelech his brother. 
When Abimelech had reigned three years over Israel, 
Then God sent an evil sp
81,. 
Also thou shalt not oppress a stranger: for ye know the heart of a stranger, s
100,mined in a lawful assembly. 
For we are in danger to be called in question for this day's uproar, th
84,eneration to generation shall they dwell therein. 
The wilderness and the solitary p
109,ce anger of the LORD is not turned back from us. 
And it shall come to pass at that day, saith the LORD, that
93,, Asahel the brother of Joab, Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem, 
Shammoth the Harorite, H
105,udgment. 
The sword of the LORD is filled with blood, it is made fat with fatness, and with the blood of 
88,w with great delight, and his fruit was sweet to my taste. 
He brought me to the banquet
91,m all by their names. 
Great is our Lord, and of great power: his understanding is infinite
112,and in the seventh day shall be a feast to the LORD. 
Unleavened bread shall be eaten seven days; and there shal
92,: 
For I am with thee, and no man shall set on thee to hurt thee: for I have much people in 
100,eir furrows. 
The LORD is righteous: he hath cut asunder the cords of the wicked. 
Let them all be c
89,ive unto Solomon my son a perfect heart, to keep thy commandments, thy testimonies, and t
101,od liveth, there is no nation or kingdom, whither my lord hath not sent to seek thee: and when they s
98,o go back by a strong east wind all that night, and made the sea dry land, and the waters were div
108,re was nothing in the ark save the two tables of stone, which Moses put there at Horeb, when the LORD made a
80,whet my glittering sword, and mine hand take hold on judgment; I will render ven
98, 
But thou, O LORD, art a shield for me; my glory, and the lifter up of mine head. 
I cried unto t
113, they shall be ashamed of the oaks which ye have desired, and ye shall be confounded for the gardens that ye have
88, of the congregation, before the LORD. 
And the priest shall take the lamb of the trespa
107, the enemy. 
And the waters covered their enemies: there was not one of them left. 
Then believed they his 
99, sceptre shall not depart from Judah, nor a lawgiver from between his feet, until Shiloh come; and 
120,mischief, 
A false witness that speaketh lies, and he that soweth discord among brethren. 
My son, keep thy father's com
84,found not his body, they came, saying, that they had also seen a vision of angels, w
104,flicted me in the day of his fierce anger. 
From above hath he sent fire into my bones, and it prevailet
100,ne hand? 
And it came to pass, as he talked with him, that the king said unto him, Art thou made of 
84, there none of the sons of Levi. 
Then sent I for Eliezer, for Ariel, for Shemaiah, 
119,ounded cry, when the slaughter is made in the midst of thee? 
Then all the princes of the sea shall come down from thei
89,ok of the chronicles, even until the days of Johanan the son of Eliashib. 
And the chief 
113,was born blind? 
Jesus answered, Neither hath this man sinned, nor his parents: but that the works of God should 
107,ased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted. 
Then said he also to him that bade him, When thou mak
114,lim? see thy way in the valley, know what thou hast done: thou art a swift dromedary traversing her ways; 
A wild 
92,nd last, are they not written in the book of Nathan the prophet, and in the prophecy of Ahij
89,re no wood is, there the fire goeth out: so where there is no talebearer, the strife ceas
115,him. 
But Amasa took no heed to the sword that was in Joab's hand: so he smote him therewith in the fifth rib, and 
110,ointing oil, and the sweet incense, and the hanging for the door at the entering in of the tabernacle, 
The al
81,ourselves also, which have the firstfruits of the Spirit, even we ourselves groan
117,Abner away; and he went in peace. 
And, behold, the servants of David and Joab came from pursuing a troop, and brough
119,nk is raging: and whosoever is deceived thereby is not wise. 
The fear of a king is as the roaring of a lion: whoso pro
92,sword may come to Rabbath of the Ammonites, and to Judah in Jerusalem the defenced. 
For the
80,hour cometh, when ye shall neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worsh
101,of Enan. 
This was the dedication of the altar, in the day when it was anointed, by the princes of Is
116,dest not the person of men. 
Tell us therefore, What thinkest thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not
99,Jesus answered and said unto him, What I do thou knowest not now; but thou shalt know hereafter. 
P
120,hros, answered Jeremiah, saying, 
As for the word that thou hast spoken unto us in the name of the LORD, we will not hea
114,trangers in the land of Egypt: I am the LORD your God. 
Ye shall do no unrighteousness in judgment, in meteyard, i
114,is well. And he fell down to the earth upon his face before the king, and said, Blessed be the LORD thy God, which
93, one body, and all members have not the same office: 
So we, being many, are one body in Chri
80,f the field, and as the green herb, as the grass on the housetops, and as corn b
95,hich Abraham had, Abraham gave gifts, and sent them away from Isaac his son, while he yet lived
82,re delivered from the pots. 
Thou calledst in trouble, and I delivered thee; I ans
98,neth of the flesh and of the bread shall ye burn with fire. 
And ye shall not go out of the door o
95, 
And thou shalt know that thy tabernacle shall be in peace; and thou shalt visit thy habitatio
87, God, before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac did walk, the God which fed me all my li
98,ess exceed in glory. 
For even that which was made glorious had no glory in this respect, by reaso
119,d altogether hold his peace at her from day to day; then he establisheth all her vows, or all her bonds, which are upon
95,that begat thee thou art unmindful, and hast forgotten God that formed thee. 
And when the LORD
104, and the aged arose, and stood up. 
The princes refrained talking, and laid their hand on their mouth. 

81, ye the people, that I may know the number of the people. 
And Joab said unto the
97, gate of the LORD's house, and proclaim there this word, and say, Hear the word of the LORD, all 
97, number of the twelve. 
And he went his way, and communed with the chief priests and captains, ho
109,re ye of the leaven of the Pharisees, which is hypocrisy. 
For there is nothing covered, that shall not be re
81,rn, knowing that she was dead. 
And he put them all out, and took her by the hand
100,it came to pass the second day after he had slain Gedaliah, and no man knew it, 
That there came cer
109, when I spake, they did not hear: but they did evil before mine eyes, and chose that in which I delighted not
118,ed. 
Then the heathen that are left round about you shall know that I the LORD build the ruined places, and plant that
81,ify the people with his own blood, suffered without the gate. 
Let us go forth th
118,them be overthrown at the first, that whosoever heareth it will say, There is a slaughter among the people that follow
113,n of the God of Israel, but not in truth, nor in righteousness. 
For they call themselves of the holy city, and s
114,m, saying, Thus shall ye do in the fear of the LORD, faithfully, and with a perfect heart. 
And what cause soever 
105, is inditing a good matter: I speak of the things which I have made touching the king: my tongue is the p
111,the west was seventy cubits broad; and the wall of the building was five cubits thick round about, and the leng
95,hall see my face no more. 
And it came to pass when we came up unto thy servant my father, we t
95,us, saying, Set bounds about the mount, and sanctify it. 
And the LORD said unto him, Away, get
102,l me? or what if thy father answer thee roughly? 
And Jonathan said unto David, Come, and let us go ou
101,ve for ever. 
Thou, O king, hast made a decree, that every man that shall hear the sound of the corne
84,
For I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I w
92,are of him, and obey his voice, provoke him not; for he will not pardon your transgressions:
96,their shame with them that go down to the pit: he is put in the midst of them that be slain. 
Th
88, the same shall be great. 
And John answered and said, Master, we saw one casting out de
111, uprightness of thine heart, dost thou go to possess their land: but for the wickedness of these nations the LO
117,tnesses every word may be established. 
And if he shall neglect to hear them, tell it unto the church: but if he negl
107,, the daughter of Dibri, of the tribe of Dan:) 
And they put him in ward, that the mind of the LORD might b
92,ased from his own works, as God did from his. 
Let us labour therefore to enter into that re
118, according to all that Mordecai commanded unto the Jews, and to the lieutenants, and the deputies and rulers of the pr
112, of them that seek thy life, and into the hand of them whose face thou fearest, even into the hand of Nebuchadre
119,ok, which approach unto me, to minister unto me, saith the Lord GOD, a young bullock for a sin offering. 
And thou shal
106,were beheaded for the witness of Jesus, and for the word of God, and which had not worshipped the beast, n
120, the stone Ezel. 
And I will shoot three arrows on the side thereof, as though I shot at a mark. 
And, behold, I will se
116,which such water cometh shall be unclean: and all drink that may be drunk in every such vessel shall be unclean. 
An
115,r I bring you, 
Then it shall be, that, when ye eat of the bread of the land, ye shall offer up an heave offering u
101,: so in the six branches that come out of the candlestick. 
And in the candlesticks shall be four bow
109,s the corners of the altar. 
And the LORD their God shall save them in that day as the flock of his people: f
89,nts of Gath: 
And Ahio, Shashak, and Jeremoth, 
And Zebadiah, and Arad, and Ader, 
And Mi
109,ess, and commit iniquity, and I lay a stumbling-block before him, he shall die: because thou hast not given h
88,he LORD. 
The fourteenth day of the second month at even they shall keep it, and eat it 
106, doeth valiantly. 
I shall not die, but live, and declare the works of the LORD. 
The LORD hath chastened 
95,opian with an host of a thousand thousand, and three hundred chariots; and came unto Mareshah. 
120,And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty and two years, and begat sons and daughters: 
And all th
114,ces also of Aven, the sin of Israel, shall be destroyed: the thorn and the thistle shall come up on their altars; 
114,e right hand of the poor, to save him from those that condemn his soul. 
The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou at m
102,the LORD. 
And ye shall have on the tenth day of this seventh month an holy convocation; and ye shall 
87,srael; and thy rod, wherewith thou smotest the river, take in thine hand, and go. 
Beho
89, and Elead, whom the men of Gath that were born in that land slew, because they came down
92,d will be with me, and will keep me in this way that I go, and will give me bread to eat, an
111,e upon them even unto the entering of the gate. 
And the shooters shot from off the wall upon thy servants; and
102,ve set up their idols in their heart, and put the stumblingblock of their iniquity before their face: 
90,m when the accusers stood up, they brought none accusation of such things as I supposed: 

88, shall return thy wickedness upon thine own head; 
And king Solomon shall be blessed, an
96,d what if the sword contemn even the rod? it shall be no more, saith the Lord GOD. 
Thou therefo
118,yers: the same shall receive greater damnation. 
And he looked up, and saw the rich men casting their gifts into the t
100,, Surely the land whereon thy feet have trodden shall be thine inheritance, and thy children's for e
112,five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Eliasaph the son of Deuel. 
On the seventh day Elishama t
120, the sinner appear? 
Wherefore let them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to hi
106,ited the south and the plain? 
And the word of the LORD came unto Zechariah, saying, 
Thus speaketh the LO
109,bitation for thee, and a place for thy dwelling for ever. 
And the king turned his face, and blessed the whol
98,. 
In the dark they dig through houses, which they had marked for themselves in the daytime: they 
96, yet have believed. 
And many other signs truly did Jesus in the presence of his disciples, whic
105, he loved. 
And he built his sanctuary like high palaces, like the earth which he hath established for ev
116, that I may reason with you before the LORD of all the righteous acts of the LORD, which he did to you and to your f
114,e unto the place of which I have spoken unto thee: behold, mine Angel shall go before thee: nevertheless in the da
87,ay for your iniquities, and mourn one toward another. 
Thus Ezekiel is unto you a sign:
120,ver his host was Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai. 
And over the host of the tribe of the children of Asher was Pagiel the
110, Nebat, who was in Egypt, whither he fled from the presence of Solomon the king, heard it, that Jeroboam retur
119,hom he had used as his friend. 
But it came to pass within a while after, in the time of wheat harvest, that Samson vis
87, never gavest me a kid, that I might make merry with my friends: 
But as soon as this t
114, accord in the temple, and breaking bread from house to house, did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of 
103,der of Abelmeholah, unto Tabbath. 
And the men of Israel gathered themselves together out of Naphtali, 
107,ut hence altogether. 
Speak now in the ears of the people, and let every man borrow of his neighbour, and e
100,first into the lower parts of the earth? 
He that descended is the same also that ascended up far ab
97,ong therefore, and shew thyself a man; 
And keep the charge of the LORD thy God, to walk in his w
114,and righteousness; and thy right hand shall teach thee terrible things. 
Thine arrows are sharp in the heart of th
103,ne iniquity is accomplished, O daughter of Zion; he will no more carry thee away into captivity: he wil
102,ck before the LORD. 
And the priest that is anointed shall take of the bullock's blood, and bring it t
117,Jesus. Amen. 
Simon Peter, a servant and an apostle of Jesus Christ, to them that have obtained like precious faith w
86,s that are far off. 
Therefore say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; There shall non
86,ly beloved: therefore understand the matter, and consider the vision. 
Seventy weeks a
86,w not that they had devised devices against me, saying, Let us destroy the tree with t
112,least of them. 
For word came unto the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe from 
96,t be not changed, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not. 
Wherefore
83,he soul of the wounded crieth out: yet God layeth not folly to them. 
They are of t
110,hat ye might believe. 
For these things were done, that the scripture should be fulfilled, A bone of him shall
93, the souls that they had gotten in Haran; and they went forth to go into the land of Canaan; 
103, kept the charge of the LORD, and journeyed not. 
And so it was, when the cloud was a few days upon the
119,ve we hearkened unto thy servants the prophets, which spake in thy name to our kings, our princes, and our fathers, and
93,f thy pipes was prepared in thee in the day that thou wast created. 
Thou art the anointed ch
93,s hid in the sand. 
And of Gad he said, Blessed be he that enlargeth Gad: he dwelleth as a li
92,he went on his journeys from the south even to Bethel, unto the place where his tent had bee
96, said, Thou hast shewed unto thy servant David my father great mercy, according as he walked bef
85,ith great stones, and timber is laid in the walls, and this work goeth fast on, and p
94,f saved you out of all your adversities and your tribulations; and ye have said unto him, Nay,
83,y a dead body touch any of these, shall it be unclean? And the priests answered and
106, men cast it out. He that hath ears to hear, let him hear. 
Then drew near unto him all the publicans and 
108,ame of the city was Laish at the first. 
And the children of Dan set up the graven image: and Jonathan, the 
87,ut to war, was in number three hundred thousand and seven and thirty thousand and five 
91, 
Declare his glory among the heathen; his marvellous works among all nations. 
For great i
110,not the Lord: If any brother hath a wife that believeth not, and she be pleased to dwell with him, let him not
88, shall bear the reproach of my people. 
Woe is me! for I am as when they have gathered t
98,s, and so we were in their sight. 
And all the congregation lifted up their voice, and cried; and 
83,t thou divide for an inheritance the land, which I sware unto their fathers to give
118,th light is sprung up. 
From that time Jesus began to preach, and to say, Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand
115, offering: and Aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the bullock for the sin offering. 
And he slew 
103,as blind from his birth. 
And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who did sin, this man, or his pa
90,children of the Kenite, Moses' father in law, went up out of the city of palm trees with t
84,made all these things. 
Then said the LORD unto me, Though Moses and Samuel stood be
95, voice, and said unto them, Ye men of Judaea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known
110, in the midst of the camp: as they encamp, so shall they set forward, every man in his place by their standard
80, and brought no presents. But he held his peace. 
Then Nahash the Ammonite came 
113,as they were able to hear it. 
But without a parable spake he not unto them: and when they were alone, he expound
118,nly, am left; and they seek my life, to take it away. 
And the LORD said unto him, Go, return on thy way to the wilder
117,il hath not been found in thee all thy days. 
Yet a man is risen to pursue thee, and to seek thy soul: but the soul o
92,e land whither they are carried captive, and turn and pray unto thee in the land of their ca
92,e they sold the righteous for silver, and the poor for a pair of shoes; 
That pant after the
110, of the body, I cannot tell: God knoweth;) 
How that he was caught up into paradise, and heard unspeakable wor
95,repared: there make ready for us. 
And his disciples went forth, and came into the city, and fo
91,rwards shall find more favour than he that flattereth with the tongue. 
Whoso robbeth his f
90,ard at the thresholds of the gates. 
These were in the days of Joiakim the son of Jeshua, 
105,he father of Kirjathjearim. 
Salma the father of Bethlehem, Hareph the father of Bethgader. 
And Shobal t
95,r unto thee: but thou and thy sons with thee shall minister before the tabernacle of witness. 

117, stood with them, and warmed himself. 
The high priest then asked Jesus of his disciples, and of his doctrine. 
Jesus
93,eaketh the rock in pieces? 
Therefore, behold, I am against the prophets, saith the LORD, tha
81,im mercy, and gave him favour in the sight of the keeper of the prison. 
And the 
116,he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion on them, because they fainted, and were scattered abroad, as she
101,my strength and song, and is become my salvation. 
The voice of rejoicing and salvation is in the tab
114,solate because of the fierceness of the oppressor, and because of his fierce anger. 
In the beginning of the reign
110, seen what way the man of God went, which came from Judah. 
And he said unto his sons, Saddle me the ass. So t
111,ren of Ir, and Hushim, the sons of Aher. 
The sons of Naphtali; Jahziel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shallum, the 
97,ws unto the LORD now in the presence of all his people. 
Precious in the sight of the LORD is the
103, death to death; and such as are for captivity to captivity; and such as are for the sword to the sword
118,od so clothe the grass of the field, which to day is, and to morrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clot
82,to pass; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John: 
Who bar
93, that faithful and wise steward, whom his lord shall make ruler over his household, to give t
97,f Benhadad, Tell my lord the king, All that thou didst send for to thy servant at the first I wil
88,d: and the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD. 
And the priest shall
115,welve thousand armed for war. 
And Moses sent them to the war, a thousand of every tribe, them and Phinehas the son
95,d shall hiss at all the plagues thereof. 
As in the overthrow of Sodom and Gomorrah and the nei
99,s upon the pure candlestick before the LORD continually. 
And thou shalt take fine flour, and bake 
96,tongues and other lips will I speak unto this people; and yet for all that will they not hear me
101,the chief priests and Pharisees came together unto Pilate, 
Saying, Sir, we remember that that deceiv
84,k they up stones to cast at him: but Jesus hid himself, and went out of the temple, 
99,forsake me not; until I have shewed thy strength unto this generation, and thy power to every one t
88,, even unto the place that is beyond Jokneam: 
The son of Geber, in Ramothgilead; to him
119,y son, seeing that thou hast no tidings ready? 
But howsoever, said he, let me run. And he said unto him, Run. Then Ahi
95,d thy judges of whom thou saidst, Give me a king and princes? 
I gave thee a king in mine anger
116,drew near to the Philistine. 
And the Philistine came on and drew near unto David; and the man that bare the shield 
102,er of the said Herodias came in, and danced, and pleased Herod and them that sat with him, the king sa
102,ilence, and given us water of gall to drink, because we have sinned against the LORD. 
We looked for p
93,s of the same, according to the six branches that proceed out of the candlestick. 
Their knop
114,Joshua the son of Nun, and the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel, distributed for inher
116,ce. 
Thus God rendered the wickedness of Abimelech, which he did unto his father, in slaying his seventy brethren: 

107,ctions, which came unto me at Antioch, at Iconium, at Lystra; what persecutions I endured: but out of them 
81, 
Shall the axe boast itself against him that heweth therewith? or shall the saw 
110,ed talents. 
And the weight of the nails was fifty shekels of gold. And he overlaid the upper chambers with go
104,militude of Melchisedec there ariseth another priest, 
Who is made, not after the law of a carnal comman
95,ians shall be at his steps. 
But tidings out of the east and out of the north shall trouble him
110,ouldest go. 
O that thou hadst hearkened to my commandments! then had thy peace been as a river, and thy right
106,hiah, Zabad, Zebina, Jadau, and Joel, Benaiah. 
All these had taken strange wives: and some of them had wi
84,hould be stoned: but what sayest thou? 
This they said, tempting him, that they migh
107,he Levites before Aaron, and before his sons, and offer them for an offering unto the LORD. 
Thus shalt tho
88,hall hide me in his pavilion: in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me; he shall
113,ws shamelessly uncovereth himself! 
And David said unto Michal, It was before the LORD, which chose me before thy
105,ed the camp: and in the morning the dew lay round about the host. 
And when the dew that lay was gone up,
108,ngs: he knoweth what is in the darkness, and the light dwelleth with him. 
I thank thee, and praise thee, O 
98,horse and his rider; and with thee will I break in pieces the chariot and his rider; 
With thee al
98,ron took these men which are expressed by their names: 
And they assembled all the congregation to
93,hey shall offer them up for a burnt offering unto the LORD. 
Seven days shalt thou prepare ev
106,ing; and they that strive with thee shall perish. 
Thou shalt seek them, and shalt not find them, even the
93,fering, and his meat offering, and his drink offering. 
And on the sixth day eight bullocks, 
111,hrough the vineyards, neither will we drink of the water of the wells: we will go by the king's high way, we wi
108,tteth at the door of her house, on a seat in the high places of the city, 
To call passengers who go right o
108,he angel that talked with me said unto me, I will shew thee what these be. 
And the man that stood among the
81,en they had fulfilled all that was written of him, they took him down from the tr
97,igvai; Uthai, and Zabbud, and with them seventy males. 
And I gathered them together to the river
120,ereof were after the measure of the first gate: the length thereof was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cub
108,ght in us, then he will bring us into this land, and give it us; a land which floweth with milk and honey. 

110,children of Benjamin, the kindred of Saul, three thousand: for hitherto the greatest part of them had kept the
119,m his priest. 
And they said unto him, Ask counsel, we pray thee, of God, that we may know whether our way which we go 
120,nd ye take from him burdens of wheat: ye have built houses of hewn stone, but ye shall not dwell in them; ye have plante
93,ngers to comfort him concerning his father. So the servants of David came into the land of th
89, avenging thyself with thine own hand, now let thine enemies, and they that seek evil to 
113,us, the excellency of Jacob whom he loved. Selah. 
God is gone up with a shout, the LORD with the sound of a trum
119,ing of the Lord draweth nigh. 
Grudge not one against another, brethren, lest ye be condemned: behold, the judge stande
118, are stopped, and the reeds they have burned with fire, and the men of war are affrighted. 
For thus saith the LORD of
115,
And of the sons of Elam; Jeshaiah the son of Athaliah, and with him seventy males. 
And of the sons of Shephatiah;
91,he trumpets, Ha, ha; and he smelleth the battle afar off, the thunder of the captains, and 
117,tized: and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls. 
And they continued stedfastly in the 
83,ho can bring a clean thing out of an unclean? not one. 
Seeing his days are determi
93,people Israel, whom thou hast redeemed, and lay not innocent blood unto thy people of Israel'
89,ry foolishly. 
For when David was up in the morning, the word of the LORD came unto the p
106, age: and this is the sixth month with her, who was called barren. 
For with God nothing shall be impossib
102, I have seen with my Father: and ye do that which ye have seen with your father. 
They answered and sa
101,told him, Whence art thou? And he answered, I am the son of a stranger, an Amalekite. 
And David said
112,r. And when the burnt offering began, the song of the LORD began also with the trumpets, and with the instrument
90, also he should gather together in one the children of God that were scattered abroad. 
Th
120,ore, behold, I will this once cause them to know, I will cause them to know mine hand and my might; and they shall know 
118,raoh turned and went into his house, neither did he set his heart to this also. 
And all the Egyptians digged round ab
84,are absent, such will we be also in deed when we are present. 
For we dare not make 
91,e fine linen, and the hoods, and the vails. 
And it shall come to pass, that instead of swe
89,promised this goodness unto thy servant: 
Now therefore let it please thee to bless the h
115,t of the midst of her; be ye clean, that bear the vessels of the LORD. 
For ye shall not go out with haste, nor go 
113,will be worse unto thee than all the evil that befell thee from thy youth until now. 
Then the king arose, and sa
102,rkness; let not God regard it from above, neither let the light shine upon it. 
Let darkness and the s
114,t be built, O virgin of Israel: thou shalt again be adorned with thy tabrets, and shalt go forth in the dances of 
98,, and there is much rubbish; so that we are not able to build the wall. 
And our adversaries said,
92,ts be in Gath. 
And Shimei arose, and saddled his ass, and went to Gath to Achish to seek hi
81,ed, and go thy way into thine house. 
And immediately he arose, took up the bed, 
100,horon, and smote them to Azekah, and unto Makkedah. 
And it came to pass, as they fled from before I
98,on my bed, and meditate on thee in the night watches. 
Because thou hast been my help, therefore i
85,in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies 
98,form the word which the LORD sware unto thy fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. 
Understand theref
91,nd was dead, she mourned for her husband. 
And when the mourning was past, David sent and f
119, of my sight. 
And the children of Heth answered Abraham, saying unto him, 
Hear us, my lord: thou art a mighty prince 
94,es, Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you; that my wonders may be multiplied in the land of Egypt
101,h year, and in the fifth month, that Hananiah the son of Azur the prophet, which was of Gibeon, spake
97,s with me also. 
And I went up by revelation, and communicated unto them that gospel which I prea
85,f his indignation: for this is the work of the Lord GOD of hosts in the land of the C
89,ant it upon an high mountain and eminent: 
In the mountain of the height of Israel will I
87,o thee: only the LORD thy God be with thee, as he was with Moses. 
Whosoever he be that
107,r of the jubile the field shall return unto him of whom it was bought, even to him to whom the possession o
86,be waste and desolate without an inhabitant. 
Egypt is like a very fair heifer, but de
110,ty persons. 
And Samuel said unto the cook, Bring the portion which I gave thee, of which I said unto thee, Se
114,ay you, to them, even this day, their lands, their vineyards, their oliveyards, and their houses, also the hundred
111, under obedience as also saith the law. 
And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home:
103,ultitude of thy mercy hear me, in the truth of thy salvation. 
Deliver me out of the mire, and let me n
84, did mock at her sabbaths. 
Jerusalem hath grievously sinned; therefore she is remov
81,nd he smote him, because he put his hand to the ark: and there he died before God
99,asuring reed of six cubits long by the cubit and an hand breadth: so he measured the breadth of the
113, messengers far off, and didst debase thyself even unto hell. 
Thou art wearied in the greatness of thy way; yet 
91,Hagarites, with Jetur, and Nephish, and Nodab. 
And they were helped against them, and the 
98, written therein: for the time is at hand. 
John to the seven churches which are in Asia: Grace be
112,have a secret errand unto thee, O king: who said, Keep silence. And all that stood by him went out from him. 
An
81,of, wherewith Baasha had builded; and king Asa built with them Geba of Benjamin, 
95,I smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt I hallowed unto me all the firstborn in Israel, 
86,and his goods, and the women also, and the people. 
And the king of Sodom went out to 
115,e the inheritance of Zelophehad our brother unto his daughters. 
And if they be married to any of the sons of the o
120,m to jealousy with their graven images. 
When God heard this, he was wroth, and greatly abhorred Israel: 
So that he for
102,
And the fire upon the altar shall be burning in it; it shall not be put out: and the priest shall bur
117,y shall be given to salt. 
And by the river upon the bank thereof, on this side and on that side, shall grow all tree
86,of, and the princes thereof, to make them a desolation, an astonishment, an hissing, a
91,nservants, and your maidservants, and your goodliest young men, and your asses, and put the
103,r the word of the Lord GOD; Thus saith the Lord GOD to the mountains, and to the hills, to the rivers, 
108, liberty for you, saith the LORD, to the sword, to the pestilence, and to the famine; and I will make you to
94, he and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, so that the wrath of the LORD came not upon them in the 
119,takers of that one bread. 
Behold Israel after the flesh: are not they which eat of the sacrifices partakers of the alt
118,ain; 
In that ye provoke me unto wrath with the works of your hands, burning incense unto other gods in the land of Eg
95,w long shall the words of thy mouth be like a strong wind? 
Doth God pervert judgment? or doth 
83,muel, the prophecy that his mother taught him. 
What, my son? and what, the son of 
113,h dwell in the champaign over against Gilgal, beside the plains of Moreh? 
For ye shall pass over Jordan to go in
108,orth: and he shall set forth a great multitude; but the multitude shall be given into his hand. 
And when he
99,s, and was buried in the city of David. 
And the days that David reigned over Israel were forty yea
93,e, and scrip, and shoes, lacked ye any thing? And they said, Nothing. 
Then said he unto them
89,ORD continually: it shall be a statute for ever in your generations. 
He shall order the 
93, righteous shall never be removed: but the wicked shall not inhabit the earth. 
The mouth of 
91,whosoever is angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of the judgment: and
107,he man, Stretch forth thy hand. And he did so: and his hand was restored whole as the other. 
And they were
114,n must suffer many things, and be rejected of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be slain, and be raise
117, in the river only? 
And he said, To morrow. And he said, Be it according to thy word: that thou mayest know that the
97, the four winds from the four quarters of heaven, and will scatter them toward all those winds; a
84, guide, and mine acquaintance. 
We took sweet counsel together, and walked unto the 
118, on the sabbath day, nor bring it in by the gates of Jerusalem; 
Neither carry forth a burden out of your houses on th
