1000
97,
Then again the Pharisees also asked him how he had received his sight. He said unto them, He put
93,rks. 
He causeth the grass to grow for the cattle, and herb for the service of man: that he m
83, not hearken unto our voice: how will he then vex himself, if we tell him that the 
87, sin offering; beside the sin offering of atonement, and the continual burnt offering, 
107, pillars of it. Selah. 
I said unto the fools, Deal not foolishly: and to the wicked, Lift not up the horn:
99,e wilderness of Ziph. And Saul sought him every day, but God delivered him not into his hand. 
And 
81,this parable be? 
And he said, Unto you it is given to know the mysteries of the 
82,he word of the LORD. 
And I bought the field of Hanameel my uncle's son, that was 
88,ound in the house of God with Obededom, and the treasures of the king's house, the hosta
119,said, None ought to carry the ark of God but the Levites: for them hath the LORD chosen to carry the ark of God, and to
110,hou shalt surely die; if he turn from his sin, and do that which is lawful and right; 
If the wicked restore t
110,he half tribe of Manasseh; Aner with her suburbs, and Bileam with her suburbs, for the family of the remnant o
91,s brethren, What profit is it if we slay our brother, and conceal his blood? 
Come, and let
87,Christ: 
Who shall be punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lo
85,thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee. 
And the Gentiles shall come to thy ligh
109,ise him with stringed instruments and organs. 
Praise him upon the loud cymbals: praise him upon the high sou
93,d the LORD on the head of them. 
And I said, Hear, I pray you, O heads of Jacob, and ye princ
102,Ibleam and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns: but the Canaanites would dwell in 
110,fruit of the land. 
And they told him, and said, We came unto the land whither thou sentest us, and surely it 
103,ely birth is better than he. 
For he cometh in with vanity, and departeth in darkness, and his name sha
111, and travailed; for her pains came upon her. 
And about the time of her death the women that stood by her said 
87,o the Kenites, Go, depart, get you down from among the Amalekites, lest I destroy you w
89,ing fowl: 
Kings of the earth, and all people; princes, and all judges of the earth: 
Bot
106,all mock him, and shall scourge him, and shall spit upon him, and shall kill him: and the third day he sha
103, glory than Moses, inasmuch as he who hath builded the house hath more honour than the house. 
For ever
116,that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, like unto the abominations of the heathen, whom the LORD had cast out 
90, 
He that hath received his testimony hath set to his seal that God is true. 
For he whom 
116,and before thee. 
Joshua therefore came unto them suddenly, and went up from Gilgal all night. 
And the LORD discomf
90,unto him, Lord, that I might receive my sight. 
And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way; thy f
97,ith tabret, and with harp? 
And hast not suffered me to kiss my sons and my daughters? thou hast 
87,ley of the son of Hinnom, but the valley of slaughter: for they shall bury in Tophet, t
80, of the month, as I was among the captives by the river of Chebar, that the heav
90, call to remembrance the former days, in which, after ye were illuminated, ye endured a gr
119,ir the house of the LORD, and also such as wrought iron and brass to mend the house of the LORD. 
So the workmen wrough
95,ake atonement upon it throughout your generations: it is most holy unto the LORD. 
And the LORD
101,goods increase, they are increased that eat them: and what good is there to the owners thereof, savin
103,deals for a ram, 
And one tenth deal for one lamb, throughout the seven lambs: 
And one kid of the goat
118,ght their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy, but it was not found: therefore were they, as polluted
120,rein: it is the sabbath of the LORD in all your dwellings. 
These are the feasts of the LORD, even holy convocations, wh
90,ers, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men, 
And d
92,th her, all ye that mourn for her: 
That ye may suck, and be satisfied with the breasts of h
115,and make it fit for thyself in the field; and afterwards build thine house. 
Be not a witness against thy neighbour
116,ried unto another, and said, Holy, holy, holy, is the LORD of hosts: the whole earth is full of his glory. 
And the 
84, land whither thou sentest us, and surely it floweth with milk and honey; and this i
117,the sons of Jashen, Jonathan, 
Shammah the Hararite, Ahiam the son of Sharar the Hararite, 
Eliphelet the son of Ahas
104,, for the tribe of the children of Manasseh, Hanniel the son of Ephod. 
And the prince of the tribe of t
112,aken away, unless they cause some to fall. 
For they eat the bread of wickedness, and drink the wine of violence
103,nd it with a stormy wind in my fury; and there shall be an overflowing shower in mine anger, and great 
87,l the morning. 
Thou shalt not curse the deaf, nor put a stumblingblock before the blin
83,m to give the portion of the priests and the Levites, that they might be encouraged
84,of the palsy lay. 
When Jesus saw their faith, he said unto the sick of the palsy, S
110,e fruits of your righteousness;) 
Being enriched in every thing to all bountifulness, which causeth through us
92,udging, and seeking judgment, and hasting righteousness. 
We have heard of the pride of Moab
100,nd she had hard labour. 
And it came to pass, when she was in hard labour, that the midwife said unt
94,nd Jehu the son of Hanani the seer went out to meet him, and said to king Jehoshaphat, Shoulde
118,ned in mount Sinai for a sweet savour, a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD. 
And the drink offering thereof shall b
120, voice was past, Jesus was found alone. And they kept it close, and told no man in those days any of those things which 
91,let them deliver you in the time of your tribulation. 
And the children of Israel said unto
103,m, and said unto him, How is it that I hear this of thee? give an account of thy stewardship; for thou 
82,em that provoked me see it: 
But my servant Caleb, because he had another spirit w
81,of Omri, the son of Imri, the son of Bani, of the children of Pharez the son of J
104,aith unto them, I find in him no fault at all. 
But ye have a custom, that I should release unto you one
89,h into a deep sleep; and an idle soul shall suffer hunger. 
He that keepeth the commandme
115,which I set before you this day? 
Only take heed to thyself, and keep thy soul diligently, lest thou forget the thi
112,ep the feast of unleavened bread in the second month, a very great congregation. 
And they arose and took away t
82, the hand of the Chaldeans, that they might put us to death, and carry us away cap
104, thereof thirty cubits, upon four rows of cedar pillars, with cedar beams upon the pillars. 
And it was 
104, the anger of the LORD kindled against his people, and he hath stretched forth his hand against them, an
101, be darkness, and not light? even very dark, and no brightness in it? 
I hate, I despise your feast d
90,now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand. 
I have fought a good fi
116, his son Isaac was born unto him. 
And Sarah said, God hath made me to laugh, so that all that hear will laugh with 
107,sed God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe. 
For the Jews require a sign, and the Gr
80,Thus saith the LORD God of Israel; Cursed be the man that obeyeth not the words 
111,melled the smell of his raiment, and blessed him, and said, See, the smell of my son is as the smell of a field
97, like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and like the house of Baasha the son of Ahijah, for
86, field of the burial which belonged to the kings; for they said, He is a leper: and Jo
99,aw it for the multitude of fishes. 
Therefore that disciple whom Jesus loved saith unto Peter, It i
93,at which is good? 
But and if ye suffer for righteousness' sake, happy are ye: and be not afr
81,urn unto the land of your possession, and enjoy it, which Moses the LORD's servan
91,, and gathereth fruit unto life eternal: that both he that soweth and he that reapeth may r
88, just man, and he will increase in learning. 
The fear of the LORD is the beginning of w
111, considered not the miracle of the loaves: for their heart was hardened. 
And when they had passed over, they c
85,m. 
The meek shall eat and be satisfied: they shall praise the LORD that seek him: yo
109, rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Nahshon the son of Amminadab. 
O
100,enhadad was drinking himself drunk in the pavilions, he and the kings, the thirty and two kings that
106,bulun, Gaddiel the son of Sodi. 
Of the tribe of Joseph, namely, of the tribe of Manasseh, Gaddi the son o
90,m: and he said unto him, So shall thy seed be. 
And he believed in the LORD; and he counte
91,le Israel. 
Then Hezekiah questioned with the priests and the Levites concerning the heaps.
92,and a sojourner with you: give me a possession of a buryingplace with you, that I may bury m
80,bour: with flattering lips and with a double heart do they speak. 
The LORD shal
115,s son, and put upon him the crown, and gave him the testimony, and made him king. And Jehoiada and his sons anointe
90,ieces of brass; his bones are like bars of iron. 
He is the chief of the ways of God: he t
80,tabernacle, and by the altar round about, and the cords of it for all the servic
88,and sanctify it. 
And the LORD said unto him, Away, get thee down, and thou shalt come u
114,rael money to repair the house of your God from year to year, and see that ye hasten the matter. Howbeit the Levit
119,me, and more also, if I make not thy life as the life of one of them by to morrow about this time. 
And when he saw tha
114, whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire: 
Whose fan is in 
114,nd my lord was commanded by the LORD to give the inheritance of Zelophehad our brother unto his daughters. 
And if
86, 
So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed. 
After these things were ended, Paul
108,u shalt be a burden unto me: 
But if thou return to the city, and say unto Absalom, I will be thy servant, O
108,ay the hallowed things out of mine house, and also have given them unto the Levite, and unto the stranger, t
82,when affliction or persecution ariseth for the word's sake, immediately they are o
106, Joab, to have sent him to the king; but he would not come to him: and when he sent again the second time,
92, from Jordan, with all the nations that I have cut off, even unto the great sea westward. 
A
95, shalt serve with me yet seven other years. 
And Jacob did so, and fulfilled her week: and he g
110,pear before me empty. 
Six days thou shalt work, but on the seventh day thou shalt rest: in earing time and in
101,; 
And they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned unto fables. 
But watch th
109,a willing offering unto the LORD, every man and woman, whose heart made them willing to bring for all manner 
107, sword shall perish with the sword. 
Thinkest thou that I cannot now pray to my Father, and he shall presen
109,s in your eyes, until ye perish from off this good land which the LORD your God hath given you. 
And, behold,
97,icked shall not be: yea, thou shalt diligently consider his place, and it shall not be. 
But the 
103, some country; 
And sounded, and found it twenty fathoms: and when they had gone a little further, they
99,, whose hand is not able to get that which pertaineth to his cleansing. 
And the LORD spake unto Mo
91,eady: for in such an hour as ye think not the Son of man cometh. 
Who then is a faithful an
84,thers. 
And Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of the LORD
95,. 
Is it good unto thee that thou shouldest oppress, that thou shouldest despise the work of th
95,Asa king of Judah began Elah the son of Baasha to reign over Israel in Tirzah, two years. 
And 
114,Wherefore when he cometh into the world, he saith, Sacrifice and offering thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou 
111,er of all these things which had happened. 
And it came to pass, that, while they communed together and reasone
82,rd that David was anointed king over all Israel, all the Philistines went up to se
102,But he that taketh warning shall deliver his soul. 
But if the watchman see the sword come, and blow n
98,o the priest: 
And the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD: and it shall be for
116,having his weapon in his hand, from the right side of the temple to the left side of the temple, along by the altar 
107,nd all that were numbered of you, according to your whole number, from twenty years old and upward which ha
85,nlarge their border: 
But I will kindle a fire in the wall of Rabbah, and it shall de
83,ple, lying children, children that will not hear the law of the LORD: 
Which say to
83,f Solomon, king of Judah, and unto all the house of Judah and Benjamin, and to the 
116,and the form of his visage was changed against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego: therefore he spake, and commanded th
87,re of him? 
And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, There is yet one man, Micaiah
91,e jaw of an ass have I slain a thousand men. 
And it came to pass, when he had made an end 
89,who is able to make war with him? 
And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great th
87,ay. 
Wherefore say unto the house of Israel, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Are ye polluted a
82,But the high places were not removed: nevertheless Asa's heart was perfect with th
105,f Ephraim: and in his course were twenty and four thousand. 
The eighth captain for the eighth month was 
90,o Babylon, come; and I will look well unto thee: but if it seem ill unto thee to come with
81,oming, and leaveth the sheep, and fleeth: and the wolf catcheth them, and scatter
102,from before thee greater and mightier than thou art, to bring thee in, to give thee their land for an 
116,ole world. 
And hereby we do know that we know him, if we keep his commandments. 
He that saith, I know him, and kee
109,the taste of fresh oil. 
And when the dew fell upon the camp in the night, the manna fell upon it. 
Then Mose
82, for I am sick of love. 
His left hand is under my head, and his right hand doth e
120,d that seemed good to the whole house of Benjamin. 
So Abner came to David to Hebron, and twenty men with him. And David
100,ce. 
Then Joab came to the king, and said, What hast thou done? behold, Abner came unto thee; why is
117,nd carried away a great multitude of them captives, and brought them to Damascus. And he was also delivered into the 
109,, that I will pray the Father for you: 
For the Father himself loveth you, because ye have loved me, and have
106,est doest the same things. 
But we are sure that the judgment of God is according to truth against them wh
97,the old lie on the ground in the streets: my virgins and my young men are fallen by the sword; th
109,ne like unto thee, O LORD; thou art great, and thy name is great in might. 
Who would not fear thee, O King o
99,e dukes that came of Aholibamah the daughter of Anah, Esau's wife. 
These are the sons of Esau, who
107, and psalteries and harps, stood at the east end of the altar, and with them an hundred and twenty priests 
108,he things which are seen are temporal; but the things which are not seen are eternal. 
For we know that if o
114,burnt offering were twelve bullocks, the rams twelve, the lambs of the first year twelve, with their meat offering
108,as drunkards, they shall be devoured as stubble fully dry. 
There is one come out of thee, that imagineth ev
90,of his mighty men is made red, the valiant men are in scarlet: the chariots shall be with 
117,d the breadth of one curtain four cubits: and every one of the curtains shall have one measure. 
The five curtains sh
87,ell deep, O inhabitants of Dedan; for I will bring the calamity of Esau upon him, the t
115,f you an evil heart of unbelief, in departing from the living God. 
But exhort one another daily, while it is calle
87,den, and desire shall fail: because man goeth to his long home, and the mourners go abo
94,e sons of David were chief about the king. 
Now it came to pass after this, that Nahash the ki
114,hildren and stiffhearted. I do send thee unto them; and thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD. 
And th
87,easant houses: and they shall lay thy stones and thy timber and thy dust in the midst o
85,wn a steep place. 
For the transgression of Jacob is all this, and for the sins of th
93,lind mine eyes therewith? and I will restore it you. 
And they said, Thou hast not defrauded 
90, 
And thou shalt make the dishes thereof, and spoons thereof, and covers thereof, and bowl
107,of the first year, without blemish, for a burnt offering; 
Also a bullock and a ram for peace offerings, to
80, to the side chambers: for the winding about of the house went still upward roun
114,icers saw him, they cried out, saying, Crucify him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Take ye him, and crucify 
84,And out of the tribe of Dan, Eltekeh with her suburbs, Gibbethon with her suburbs, 

93,of the chronicles of the kings of Judah? 
And the remnant of the sodomites, which remained in
88,Even those men that did bring up the evil report upon the land, died by the plague befor
97,s of a throne, as the appearance of a sapphire stone: and upon the likeness of the throne was the
88, and cause me to understand wherein I have erred. 
How forcible are right words! but wha
105,e of the congregation, 
And the hangings of the court, and the hanging for the door of the gate of the co
110, shed blood, and to destroy souls, to get dishonest gain. 
And her prophets have daubed them with untempered m
101,d Almighty. 
Having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filth
83,for I am the LORD their God. 
But I will for their sakes remember the covenant of t
83,estroy the city: and the visions were like the vision that I saw by the river Cheba
93, Hananeel unto the king's winepresses. 
And men shall dwell in it, and there shall be no more
84,m hath he given all that he hath. 
And my master made me swear, saying, Thou shalt n
92,rown, whereas thou wast naked and bare. 
Now when I passed by thee, and looked upon thee, be
103,ll break Pharaoh's arms, and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man. 
But
86,
Now them that are such we command and exhort by our Lord Jesus Christ, that with quie
88,em: 
And hath extended mercy unto me before the king, and his counsellors, and before al
81,him sweet incense, and for the continual shewbread, and for the burnt offerings m
110, it shall be trodden down: 
And I will lay it waste: it shall not be pruned, nor digged; but there shall come 
112,tes of brass, and cut in sunder the bars of iron: 
And I will give thee the treasures of darkness, and hidden ri
107,it shall come to pass, that in what tribe the stranger sojourneth, there shall ye give him his inheritance,
102,ack. 
So they shall bring out all thy wives and thy children to the Chaldeans: and thou shalt not esca
99, 
And they said unto me, The remnant that are left of the captivity there in the province are in gr
91, even the memorial thereof, and burn it upon the altar, and afterward shall cause the woman
116,doors to the traveller. 
If I covered my transgressions as Adam, by hiding mine iniquity in my bosom: 
Did I fear a 
107,worthy, let your peace come upon it: but if it be not worthy, let your peace return to you. 
And whosoever 
105,For if the woman be not covered, let her also be shorn: but if it be a shame for a woman to be shorn or s
98,ss. 
A foolish son is the calamity of his father: and the contentions of a wife are a continual dr
107,t believed, so be it done unto thee. And his servant was healed in the selfsame hour. 
And when Jesus was c
102,and forthwith came there out blood and water. 
And he that saw it bare record, and his record is true:
86,id my father that which thou hast promised him; and spakest with thy mouth, and hast f
108,; and the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost was upon h
83, Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and the priests, and the Levites, and all
119,ough faith which is in Christ Jesus. 
All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for
80,ash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even. 
And
82,ed to do a marvellous work among this people, even a marvellous work and a wonder:
112,ith, not having received the promises, but having seen them afar off, and were persuaded of them, and embraced t
81,y shall say to me, What is his name? what shall I say unto them? 
And God said un
119,bject unto him that put all things under him, that God may be all in all. 
Else what shall they do which are baptized f
91,ORD burnt among them. 
And the mixt multitude that was among them fell a lusting: and the c
108,And the second came, saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained five pounds. 
And he said likewise to him, Be thou 
116,ey two shall be one flesh. 
This is a great mystery: but I speak concerning Christ and the church. 
Nevertheless let
80,m it was that should do this thing. 
And there was also a strife among them, whi
86, soul is exceedingly filled with the scorning of those that are at ease, and with the 
85,acheth and blasphemeth; by reason of the enemy and avenger. 
All this is come upon us
117, clouds. 
Thy righteousness is like the great mountains; thy judgments are a great deep: O LORD, thou preservest man 
98, and the birds; because they said, He shall not see our last end. 
If thou hast run with the footm
107,f evil men. 
Surely God will not hear vanity, neither will the Almighty regard it. 
Although thou sayest th
97, give me a place in some town in the country, that I may dwell there: for why should thy servant 
95,eirs of the kingdom which he hath promised to them that love him? 
But ye have despised the poo
97,hall rejoice as through wine: yea, their children shall see it, and be glad; their heart shall re
86,l die by the sword; their sons and their daughters shall die by famine: 
And there sha
83,a man shall nourish a young cow, and two sheep; 
And it shall come to pass, for the
100,fore I have performed this, and have sealed to them this fruit, I will come by you into Spain. 
And 
101, the Chaldeans pursued after the king, and overtook Zedekiah in the plains of Jericho; and all his ar
118,t. 
Lo, when the wall is fallen, shall it not be said unto you, Where is the daubing wherewith ye have daubed it? 
The
110,r dead. 
And when he was entered into a ship, his disciples followed him. 
And, behold, there arose a great te
106,ould not let the children of Israel go out of his land. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron in the la
89, I will declare what he hath done for my soul. 
I cried unto him with my mouth, and he wa
97, up early and teaching them, yet they have not hearkened to receive instruction. 
But they set th
101,rtheless David took the castle of Zion, which is the city of David. 
And David said, Whosoever smitet
108,r's wives: and Joseph brought unto his father their evil report. 
Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his 
81, and thy throat from thirst: but thou saidst, There is no hope: no; for I have lo
102,Father and the Son. 
Whosoever denieth the Son, the same hath not the Father: he that acknowledgeth th
83,d of the days that the king had said he should bring them in, then the prince of th
118,re all thy people I will do marvels, such as have not been done in all the earth, nor in any nation: and all the peopl
99,. And he said, Say on. 
And the woman said, Wherefore then hast thou thought such a thing against t
110, to provoke him to anger. 
And he set a carved image, the idol which he had made, in the house of God, of whic
93,led from the swords, from the drawn sword, and from the bent bow, and from the grievousness o
108,nd a man that gathered sticks upon the sabbath day. 
And they that found him gathering sticks brought him un
83, greater and mightier than thyself, cities great and fenced up to heaven, 
A people
84,
The law of thy mouth is better unto me than thousands of gold and silver. 
Thy hand
101,orth that which is evil: for of the abundance of the heart his mouth speaketh. 
And why call ye me, L
104,alled for Solomon his son, and charged him to build an house for the LORD God of Israel. 
And David said
105,ngs of others. 
Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus: 
Who, being in the form of God, 
85,ie: to be laid in the balance, they are altogether lighter than vanity. 
Trust not in
99,d the lives of thy concubines; 
In that thou lovest thine enemies, and hatest thy friends. For thou
89,LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, what is the vine tree more than any tree, or than
93,s house of God alone; let the governor of the Jews and the elders of the Jews build this hous
80,f your fathers together, saith the LORD, which have burned incense upon the moun
112,an hundred seventy and two. 
The children of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two. 
The children of Arah, s
116,ike your fathers, and like your brethren, which trespassed against the LORD God of their fathers, who therefore gave
84, thy silver and thy gold is multiplied, and all that thou hast is multiplied; 
Then 
117,Furthermore over the tribes of Israel: the ruler of the Reubenites was Eliezer the son of Zichri: of the Simeonites, 
118,refore, my brethren, when ye come together to eat, tarry one for another. 
And if any man hunger, let him eat at home;
91,tines upon advisement sent him away, saying, He will fall to his master Saul to the jeopard
91,evices against the strong holds, even for a time. 
And he shall stir up his power and his c
115,e dead. 
This is the bread which cometh down from heaven, that a man may eat thereof, and not die. 
I am the living
89,ye inhabitants of Hazor, saith the LORD; for Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon hath taken co
105,he whole remnant of thee will I scatter into all the winds. 
Wherefore, as I live, saith the Lord GOD; Su
103, and said, So God shake out every man from his house, and from his labour, that performeth not this pro
83, of the gate. 
And the shooters shot from off the wall upon thy servants; and some 
107,d from off the threshold of the house, and stood over the cherubims. 
And the cherubims lifted up their win
106,d arrayed him in vestures of fine linen, and put a gold chain about his neck; 
And he made him to ride in 
85,and silver, and gold, and menservants, and maidservants, and camels, and asses. 
And 
95,n the inhabitants of the land, saith the LORD. 
For from the least of them even unto the greate
107, and the lions had the mastery of them, and brake all their bones in pieces or ever they came at the bottom
93,ied; and an handmaid that is heir to her mistress. 
There be four things which are little upo
80,eir kingdoms, there is none like unto thee. 
But they are altogether brutish and
90,lifted up their eyes and looked, and, behold, a company of Ishmeelites came from Gilead wi
117,s woman hath anointed my feet with ointment. 
Wherefore I say unto thee, Her sins, which are many, are forgiven; for 
120,east wind sprung up after them. 
And the seven thin ears devoured the seven rank and full ears. And Pharaoh awoke, and, 
120,amp against me, my heart shall not fear: though war should rise against me, in this will I be confident. 
One thing have
83,Paul's company departed, and came unto Caesarea: and we entered into the house of P
96,gs for them. 
The LORD hath done great things for us; whereof we are glad. 
Turn again our capti
86,of heaven hath given thee a kingdom, power, and strength, and glory. 
And wheresoever 
101,t owneth the house shall come and tell the priest, saying, It seemeth to me there is as it were a pla
82,mer full of manna therein, and lay it up before the LORD, to be kept for your gene
104,e that lacketh these things is blind, and cannot see afar off, and hath forgotten that he was purged fro
89,ople, and kill, as at other times, in the highways, of which one goeth up to the house of
97,ael, and say unto them, When ye come into the land whither I bring you, 
Then it shall be, that, 
111,t despiseth me despiseth him that sent me. 
And the seventy returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even the dev
80,away for their iniquity. 
And thou, son of man, take thee a sharp knife, take th
116,es seek: and his rest shall be glorious. 
And it shall come to pass in that day, that the Lord shall set his hand ag
94,e priest's office. 
And I will dwell among the children of Israel, and will be their God. 
And
80,sus, when he came out, saw much people, and was moved with compassion toward the
108,aid unto him, I adjure thee by the living God, that thou tell us whether thou be the Christ, the Son of God.
103,ent his bow like an enemy: he stood with his right hand as an adversary, and slew all that were pleasan
116,e shall be remembered before the LORD your God, and ye shall be saved from your enemies. 
Also in the day of your gl
120,hem unto him, and said, Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and they that are great ex
96,nt loveth it. 
I am small and despised: yet do not I forget thy precepts. 
Thy righteousness is 
91,mothgilead? And one spake saying after this manner, and another saying after that manner. 

99,(As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations,) before him whom he believed, even Go
88, answered and said unto him, Though all men shall be offended because of thee, yet will 
84, God; not selfwilled, not soon angry, not given to wine, no striker, not given to fi
115,l know that I am the LORD. 
And it came to pass in the eleventh year, in the third month, in the first day of the m
86, to the lower settle shall be two cubits, and the breadth one cubit; and from the less
106,people. 
And we took all his cities at that time, and utterly destroyed the men, and the women, and the li
111,of it, and the sides thereof round about, and the horns of it: also he made unto it a crown of gold round about
89,im, In my dream, behold, a vine was before me; 
And in the vine were three branches: and 
109, the field will in any wise redeem it, then he shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimation unto i
99, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance. 
And there were dwelling
90,ence of God. 
But let the righteous be glad; let them rejoice before God: yea, let them ex
88,aith the LORD. 
For I will defend this city to save it for mine own sake, and for my ser
108,onceive me. 
Behold, thou desirest truth in the inward parts: and in the hidden part thou shalt make me to k
100,s ashes, and his shovels, and his basons, and his fleshhooks, and his firepans: all the vessels ther
97,Here am I. 
And he said, What is the thing that the LORD hath said unto thee? I pray thee hide it
84,ng you, every man child in your generations, he that is born in the house, or bought
88, I should be the minister of Jesus Christ to the Gentiles, ministering the gospel of God
81,ld serve him? and what profit should we have, if we pray unto him? 
Lo, their goo
113,e Benjamites that day twenty and five thousand and an hundred men: all these drew the sword. 
So the children of 
116,the end come. 
When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in 
104, and we know him not, neither can the number of his years be searched out. 
For he maketh small the drop
87,n everlasting kingdom, and all dominions shall serve and obey him. 
Hitherto is the end
85,ses. 
And all the people saw the cloudy pillar stand at the tabernacle door: and all 
105,ork therein. 
But ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD seven days: in the seventh day is
109, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel. 
His prayer also, and how God was intreated of him, and
96,life, and peace, shall they add to thee. 
Let not mercy and truth forsake thee: bind them about 
85,nations for the obedience of faith: 
To God only wise, be glory through Jesus Christ 
90,nd through him, and to him, are all things: to whom be glory for ever. Amen. 
I beseech yo
116,brought them into the parlour, and made them sit in the chiefest place among them that were bidden, which were about
81,his right hand: and they bowed the knee before him, and mocked him, saying, Hail,
105,eateth of this bread shall live for ever. 
These things said he in the synagogue, as he taught in Caperna
91,th the lamps to be set in order, and all the vessels thereof, and the oil for light, 
And t
99,o the door. 
And they smote the men that were at the door of the house with blindness, both small a
90,he departeth: and as a storm hurleth him out of his place. 
For God shall cast upon him, a
91,light in war. 
Princes shall come out of Egypt; Ethiopia shall soon stretch out her hands u
92,y and truly with my master, tell me: and if not, tell me; that I may turn to the right hand,
109,e, and she go from him, and become another man's, shall he return unto her again? shall not that land be grea
95,the wall? 
Who smote Abimelech the son of Jerubbesheth? did not a woman cast a piece of a mills
119,ruth be with thee. 
And Ittai answered the king, and said, As the LORD liveth, and as my lord the king liveth, surely i
114,und, nor thy feet put into fetters: as a man falleth before wicked men, so fellest thou. And all the people wept a
82, them in the lodging place, where ye shall lodge this night. 
Then Joshua called t
109,or crying, neither shall there be any more pain: for the former things are passed away. 
And he that sat upon
116, I told the dream before them; but they did not make known unto me the interpretation thereof. 
But at the last Dani
85,e king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid it with the best gold. 
The throne 
111,And the border from the sea shall be Hazarenan, the border of Damascus, and the north northward, and the border
82,ll the Jews throughout the world, and a ringleader of the sect of the Nazarenes: 

92, way the man of God went, which came from Judah. 
And he said unto his sons, Saddle me the a
92,nd which thou swarest unto their fathers? 
Whence should I have flesh to give unto all this 
107,
Of the Jews five times received I forty stripes save one. 
Thrice was I beaten with rods, once was I stone
84,kept all these sayings in her heart. 
And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, and
110,, and slew Zebah and Zalmunna, and took away the ornaments that were on their camels' necks. 
Then the men of 
116,and he shall bring them down before thy face: so shalt thou drive them out, and destroy them quickly, as the LORD ha
117,fellowhelpers to the truth. 
I wrote unto the church: but Diotrephes, who loveth to have the preeminence among them, 
96,ce of the covenant. 
And after the league made with him he shall work deceitfully: for he shall 
91,and for all her multitude, saith the Lord GOD. 
It came to pass also in the twelfth year, i
103,ign, and he reigned one year in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Athaliah the daughter of Omri. 
H
98, all that prey upon thee will I give for a prey. 
For I will restore health unto thee, and I will 
105,ings, they were much cast down in their own eyes: for they perceived that this work was wrought of our Go
92, is to be cleansed: and the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD. 
And the
83,e instruments of musick brought before him: and his sleep went from him. 
Then the 
118,at Saul had slain the LORD's priests. 
And David said unto Abiathar, I knew it that day, when Doeg the Edomite was the
102,new and old. 
And it came to pass, that when Jesus had finished these parables, he departed thence. 
A
102,ein. 
For, behold, I will send serpents, cockatrices, among you, which will not be charmed, and they s
84,cording to the house of their fathers, and the tribe of the children of Gad accordin
96,ist was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newne
89, things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is
109,, and said unto them, I am old and stricken in age: 
And ye have seen all that the LORD your God hath done un
105, the end that he may prolong his days in his kingdom, he, and his children, in the midst of Israel. 
The 
99,the south, and descended to Enrogel, 
And was drawn from the north, and went forth to Enshemesh, an
104, let the house of thy servant be blessed for ever. 
And after this it came to pass that David smote the 
91,ar pillars, with cedar beams upon the pillars. 
And it was covered with cedar above upon th
86,sound of the trumpet, and the people shouted with a great shout, that the wall fell do
103,is brethren would have understood how that God by his hand would deliver them: but they understood not.
84, abide at the brook Besor: and they went forth to meet David, and to meet the people
101,nd said unto him, Hearest thou what these say? And Jesus saith unto them, Yea; have ye never read, Ou
81,, fear not, nor be afraid of them: for the LORD thy God, he it is that doth go wi
99,because the sun was set; and he took of the stones of that place, and put them for his pillows, and
114,ad sworn to Abraham, the people grew and multiplied in Egypt, 
Till another king arose, which knew not Joseph. 
Th
96,Abinadab, drave the new cart. 
And they brought it out of the house of Abinadab which was at Gib
93, and sorrow and sighing shall flee away. 
Now it came to pass in the fourteenth year of king 
90,bethai and Jozabad, of the chief of the Levites, had the oversight of the outward business
80,ey bit the people; and much people of Israel died. 
Therefore the people came to
114,f Israel speak, saying, Abraham was one, and he inherited the land: but we are many; the land is given us for inhe
107,and cried with a loud voice, and said, Ah Lord GOD! wilt thou make a full end of the remnant of Israel? 
Ag
110,poiled: cry, ye daughters of Rabbah, gird you with sackcloth; lament, and run to and fro by the hedges; for th
84, to Aznothtabor, and goeth out from thence to Hukkok, and reacheth to Zebulun on the
101, the woman: yet no man said, What seekest thou? or, Why talkest thou with her? 
The woman then left h
115,e shall build an house unto my name. 
Now therefore command thou that they hew me cedar trees out of Lebanon; and m
83,, they stick together, that they cannot be sundered. 
By his neesings a light doth 
82,unto the LORD. 
Ye shall bring out of your habitations two wave loaves of two tent
92,lace which appertained to the house, and for the wall of the city, and for the house that I 
88, 
Thou shalt not hate thy brother in thine heart: thou shalt in any wise rebuke thy neig
106,nd he brought the other ram, the ram of consecration: and Aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the hea
115, the shoulderpieces of the ephod before it. 
And thou shalt make two rings of gold, and thou shalt put them upon th
80,e brought which the king useth to wear, and the horse that the king rideth upon,
118,themselves, and worshipped. 
Moreover Hezekiah the king and the princes commanded the Levites to sing praise unto the 
114,mother and my brethren! 
For whosoever shall do the will of God, the same is my brother, and my sister, and mother
92,thee with all their heart, and with all their soul, in the land of their enemies, which led 
107,mentation for Pharaoh king of Egypt, and say unto him, Thou art like a young lion of the nations, and thou 
81,hey pressed upon him for to touch him, as many as had plagues. 
And unclean spiri
92,wakened out of his sleep. 
And said unto me, What seest thou? And I said, I have looked, and
104,der. 
In the land shall be his possession in Israel: and my princes shall no more oppress my people; and
100,e meat which perisheth, but for that meat which endureth unto everlasting life, which the Son of man
80,ks. 
Shall not the land tremble for this, and every one mourn that dwelleth ther
100,on; and he called his name Er. 
And she conceived again, and bare a son; and she called his name Ona
90,ah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
The eighteenth to Hanani, he, his sons, 
85, LORD our God: is it not he, whose high places and whose altars Hezekiah hath taken a
104,e son of Ammihud, king of Geshur. And David mourned for his son every day. 
So Absalom fled, and went to
101,hich is become the head of the corner. 
Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none ot
117,yet have believed. 
And many other signs truly did Jesus in the presence of his disciples, which are not written in t
109,me. 
And the seventy returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even the devils are subject unto us through thy n
113,nd be ye saved, all the ends of the earth: for I am God, and there is none else. 
I have sworn by myself, the wor
115,d the sea, and Maralah, and reached to Dabbasheth, and reached to the river that is before Jokneam; 
And turned fro
93,l reap in joy. 
He that goeth forth and weepeth, bearing precious seed, shall doubtless come 
84, his servants wept very sore. 
But Absalom fled, and went to Talmai, the son of Ammi
82, horses; and get up, ye horsemen, and stand forth with your helmets; furbish the s
106,nd for every work. 
I said in mine heart concerning the estate of the sons of men, that God might manifest
93,t of many waters. 
He delivered me from my strong enemy, and from them which hated me: for th
85,ing, Behold, a sower went forth to sow; 
And when he sowed, some seeds fell by the wa
112, I should walk; for I lift up my soul unto thee. 
Deliver me, O LORD, from mine enemies: I flee unto thee to hid
98,idest thou thyself in times of trouble? 
The wicked in his pride doth persecute the poor: let them
99, them. 
And they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall scatter them among the nations, and di
104,nd rebuked the winds and the sea; and there was a great calm. 
But the men marvelled, saying, What manne
98,r right hand; and in her left hand riches and honour. 
Her ways are ways of pleasantness, and all 
104,h God? shall I come before him with burnt offerings, with calves of a year old? 
Will the LORD be please
106,ared above all gods. 
For all the gods of the people are idols: but the LORD made the heavens. 
Glory and 
89,e eyes, that the LORD's law may be in thy mouth: for with a strong hand hath the LORD bro
81,eareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these th
106,aughter, that thou go out with his maidens, that they meet thee not in any other field. 
So she kept fast 
108,for ever and ever: and they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast and his image, and whosoever r
113,the thing which he did displeased the LORD: wherefore he slew him also. 
Then said Judah to Tamar his daughter in
90,on of Rhesa, which was the son of Zorobabel, which was the son of Salathiel, which was the
99,he Levites shall be officers before you. Deal courageously, and the LORD shall be with the good. 
I
107,the sight of all Israel, and bestowed upon him such royal majesty as had not been on any king before him in
80,the Holy One of Israel. 
They remembered not his hand, nor the day when he deliv
92,e tribes of Israel to build an house in, that my name might be there; neither chose I any ma
101, he that heareth the word, and understandeth it; which also beareth fruit, and bringeth forth, some a
86,hered them together to him in the street of the gate of the city, and spake comfortabl
116,r Ariel, for Shemaiah, and for Elnathan, and for Jarib, and for Elnathan, and for Nathan, and for Zechariah, and for
91,se that fly as a cloud, and as the doves to their windows? 
Surely the isles shall wait for
82,t out of Jewry? 
I have even heard of thee, that the spirit of the gods is in thee
117,: but he that followeth after vain persons shall have poverty enough. 
A faithful man shall abound with blessings: bu
99,gs: there shall they lay the most holy things, and the meat offering, and the sin offering, and the
97,er, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things,
95,wn in his place, and his eyes began to wax dim, that he could not see; 
And ere the lamp of God
117, he should die; and he charged Solomon his son, saying, 
I go the way of all the earth: be thou strong therefore, and
118,the law and in the prophets: 
And have hope toward God, which they themselves also allow, that there shall be a resurr
107, LORD repented that he had made Saul king over Israel. 
And the LORD said unto Samuel, How long wilt thou m
113,as the traitor. 
And he came down with them, and stood in the plain, and the company of his disciples, and a grea
83, sea saw that there was none other boat there, save that one whereinto his disciple
113,red it well: I looked upon it, and received instruction. 
Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding 
96,d of the slain: it is the sword of the great men that are slain, which entereth into their privy
89, LORD came unto me, saying, 
Now, thou son of man, wilt thou judge, wilt thou judge the b
102, hear, or whether they will forbear, (for they are a rebellious house,) yet shall know that there hath
89,all the strength, and to love his neighbour as himself, is more than all whole burnt offe
108,es are become like harts that find no pasture, and they are gone without strength before the pursuer. 
Jerus
112,ou hast got, which is upon thy loins, and arise, go to Euphrates, and hide it there in a hole of the rock. 
So I
105,he shall be scourged; they shall not be put to death, because she was not free. 
And he shall bring his t
105,peak we in Christ. 
Do we begin again to commend ourselves? or need we, as some others, epistles of comme
96, I will leave a few men of them from the sword, from the famine, and from the pestilence; that t
90,, and the women, and the children, and the eunuchs, whom he had brought again from Gibeon:
89,d when he had declared all these things unto them, he sent them to Joppa. 
On the morrow,
102, God ye did reign, that we also might reign with you. 
For I think that God hath set forth us the apos
108,r the inhabitants of Zidon, nor of Ahlab, nor of Achzib, nor of Helbah, nor of Aphik, nor of Rehob: 
But the
93, his disciples began, as they went, to pluck the ears of corn. 
And the Pharisees said unto h
92, for wicked men. 
For he addeth rebellion unto his sin, he clappeth his hands among us, and 
88,RD was by the threshingplace of Araunah the Jebusite. 
And David spake unto the LORD whe
104,ut how should man be just with God? 
If he will contend with him, he cannot answer him one of a thousand
91,was fair to look upon. 
And it came to pass, when he had been there a long time, that Abime
104,hat which should have been for their welfare, let it become a trap. 
Let their eyes be darkened, that th
82, and they would not hear; so they cried, and I would not hear, saith the LORD of h
116, Kadeshbarnea.) 
And it came to pass in the fortieth year, in the eleventh month, on the first day of the month, tha
81,m. 
Every man shall kiss his lips that giveth a right answer. 
Prepare thy work w
85,eive them of their hands, and burn them upon the altar for a burnt offering, for a sw
105,l not stay them when his voice is heard. 
God thundereth marvellously with his voice; great things doeth 
108,thine house, and into thy bedchamber, and upon thy bed, and into the house of thy servants, and upon thy peo
118,ve of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen. 
Paul, an apostle, (not of men, neither by man,
86,, which shall take it. 
Therefore the princes said unto the king, We beseech thee, let
120,as the fat of the sacrifice of peace offerings: and the priest shall make an atonement for him as concerning his sin, an
118,s praised the LORD day by day, singing with loud instruments unto the LORD. 
And Hezekiah spake comfortably unto all t
106,burbs, Tabor with her suburbs: 
And on the other side Jordan by Jericho, on the east side of Jordan, were 
102, rebellion appointed a captain to return to their bondage: but thou art a God ready to pardon, graciou
119,ere six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep. 
But the priests were too few, so that they could not flay all the burnt
93,unto thy fathers to give thee, a land flowing with milk and honey, that thou shalt keep this 
95, son of a woman of the daughters of Dan, and his father was a man of Tyre, skilful to work in g
114, I am the LORD. 
And Moses and Aaron came in unto Pharaoh, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebre
94,y walked in their own counsels. 
Oh that my people had hearkened unto me, and Israel had walke
94,LORD, and this people, and all the men of Israel, choose, his will I be, and with him will I a
90, no possession in Israel: I am their possession. 
They shall eat the meat offering, and th
82, all thy work, and talk of thy doings. 
Thy way, O God, is in the sanctuary: who i
83,r shall the cruse of oil fail, until the day that the LORD sendeth rain upon the ea
114,ll the people shouted, and said, God save the king. 
Then Samuel told the people the manner of the kingdom, and wr
112,, of the city of Thyatira, which worshipped God, heard us: whose heart the Lord opened, that she attended unto t
102,our love to us, see that ye abound in this grace also. 
I speak not by commandment, but by occasion of
115,nd gather under her shadow: there shall the vultures also be gathered, every one with her mate. 
Seek ye out of the
86,us turneth away from his righteousness, and committeth iniquity, and doeth according t
111,erson. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
Cursed be he that confirmeth not all the words of this law to do th
96,I have given to the army of Israel? And the man of God answered, The LORD is able to give thee m
118,kness of it was an handbreadth, and the brim of it like the work of the brim of a cup, with flowers of lilies; and it 
80,he Highest shall overshadow thee: therefore also that holy thing which shall be 
112,
And Jesus saith unto him, Verily I say unto thee, That this day, even in this night, before the cock crow twice
113, a mourning: I covered the deep for him, and I restrained the floods thereof, and the great waters were stayed: a
102,ted. 
I will set his hand also in the sea, and his right hand in the rivers. 
He shall cry unto me, Th
102,d of hosts, the LORD, saith thus; Wailing shall be in all streets; and they shall say in all the highw
107,th flesh; he roasteth roast, and is satisfied: yea, he warmeth himself, and saith, Aha, I am warm, I have s
110,earth; for it is his footstool: neither by Jerusalem; for it is the city of the great King. 
Neither shalt tho
99,, and bring them near; yea, let them take counsel together: who hath declared this from ancient tim
115,e, and all those things have been, saith the LORD: but to this man will I look, even to him that is poor and of a c
102,mayest be to us instead of eyes. 
And it shall be, if thou go with us, yea, it shall be, that what goo
84,ver thirst. 
But I said unto you, That ye also have seen me, and believe not. 
All t
120,eth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father. 
119, Mordecai. And Esther set Mordecai over the house of Haman. 
And Esther spake yet again before the king, and fell down 
80,and it shall be performed, even to the half of the kingdom. 
Then Esther the que
98,othing. 
Thou hast not given water to the weary to drink, and thou hast withholden bread from the 
89,t darkness upon thy land, saith the Lord GOD. 
I will also vex the hearts of many people,
92,old by weight. 
And David built there an altar unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings an
93,f the tribe of Asher, Sethur the son of Michael. 
Of the tribe of Naphtali, Nahbi the son of 
88,ty, all ye men of war, and go round about the city once. Thus shalt thou do six days. 
A
93,in my brother? And the LORD said, Go up against him.) 
And the children of Israel came near a
108, of Jerusalem: for then had we plenty of victuals, and were well, and saw no evil. 
But since we left off to
99,t delivered unto them. 
But it is happened unto them according to the true proverb, The dog is turn
115, mercies: my house shall be built in it, saith the LORD of hosts, and a line shall be stretched forth upon Jerusale
82,aying was hid from them, neither knew they the things which were spoken. 
And it c
89,to his house mourning, and having his head covered. 
And Haman told Zeresh his wife and a
87, will he let him go well away? wherefore the LORD reward thee good for that thou hast d
84, made thereunto four pillars of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold: their hoo
105, and kings shall come out of thy loins; 
And the land which I gave Abraham and Isaac, to thee I will give
118,lucked away. 
Reprobate silver shall men call them, because the LORD hath rejected them. 
The word that came to Jeremi
101,ll be brought down, and the sceptre of Egypt shall depart away. 
And I will strengthen them in the LO
104, was found in thee. 
By the multitude of thy merchandise they have filled the midst of thee with violenc
116,o the time of the end: many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased. 
Then I Daniel looked, and, beho
113,e vine and under the fig tree. 
And the angel that talked with me came again, and waked me, as a man that is wake
82,, as it is written. 
For circumcision verily profiteth, if thou keep the law: but 
85, knoweth that thy father is a mighty man, and they which be with him are valiant men.
116,e toes of the feet were part of iron, and part of clay, so the kingdom shall be partly strong, and partly broken. 
A
100,e was much money, the king's scribe and the high priest's officer came and emptied the chest, and to
94, that work day and night. 
These chief fathers of the Levites were chief throughout their gene
93, should relieve my soul is far from me: my children are desolate, because the enemy prevailed
84,wed you, and have taught you publickly, and from house to house, 
Testifying both to
85,interpretation. 
For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man: but holy m
117,good and faithful servant; thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter 
101,till the end be: for thou shalt rest, and stand in thy lot at the end of the days. 
The word of the L
94,d he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Jerushah, the daughter of 
88, I will feed them with judgment. 
And as for you, O my flock, thus saith the Lord GOD; B
116,nant took his servants, and entreated them spitefully, and slew them. 
But when the king heard thereof, he was wroth
106,see these things come to pass, know that it is nigh, even at the doors. 
Verily I say unto you, that this 
112, Go in this thy might, and thou shalt save Israel from the hand of the Midianites: have not I sent thee? 
And he
80,sparrows. 
Whosoever therefore shall confess me before men, him will I confess a
104,k men with them out of Paran, and they came to Egypt, unto Pharaoh king of Egypt; which gave him an hous
93,osy appeareth in the skin of the flesh; 
He is a leprous man, he is unclean: the priest shall
82,he may eat, and that he may bless thee before his death. 
And Jacob said to Rebeka
113,y unto the LORD, 
Alas for the day! for the day of the LORD is at hand, and as a destruction from the Almighty sh
88,ls were threescore and six; 
And the sons of Joseph, which were born him in Egypt, were 
117,ee withered away! 
Jesus answered and said unto them, Verily I say unto you, If ye have faith, and doubt not, ye shal
109,And he gave him the covenant of circumcision: and so Abraham begat Isaac, and circumcised him the eighth day;
108,faith by the same Spirit; to another the gifts of healing by the same Spirit; 
To another the working of mir
93,her, Stand in the door of the tent, and it shall be, when any man doth come and enquire of th
89,en, and take thee his armour. But Asahel would not turn aside from following of him. 
And
107,d upon the pavement, and worshipped, and praised the LORD, saying, For he is good; for his mercy endureth f
105,olence, neither was any deceit in his mouth. 
Yet it pleased the LORD to bruise him; he hath put him to g
95,ame shall be great among the heathen, saith the LORD of hosts. 
But ye have profaned it, in tha
96,e of the LORD is against them that do evil, to cut off the remembrance of them from the earth. 

113,to the heavens, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold fast our profession. 
For we have not an high priest which cann
84,us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not. 
As
106,k down their altars, he shall spoil their images. 
For now they shall say, We have no king, because we fea
117,. 
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; An adversary there shall be even round about the land; and he shall bring down 
94,e, I know that I shall abide and continue with you all for your furtherance and joy of faith; 
86,ere, it maketh no matter to me: God accepteth no man's person:) for they who seemed to
116,aths. 
Jerusalem hath grievously sinned; therefore she is removed: all that honoured her despise her, because they h
117,her shouldest thou have stood in the crossway, to cut off those of his that did escape; neither shouldest thou have d
86,red the church together, they rehearsed all that God had done with them, and how he ha
92,that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still. 

116,up; and whom he would he put down. 
But when his heart was lifted up, and his mind hardened in pride, he was deposed
87, sent to Balaam, and to the princes that were with him. 
And it came to pass on the mor
85,f those duties, but even hath eaten upon the mountains, and defiled his neighbour's w
88,o such locusts as they, neither after them shall be such. 
For they covered the face of 
85, is his portion: for who shall bring him to see what shall be after him? 
So I return
109, also to him that bade him, When thou makest a dinner or a supper, call not thy friends, nor thy brethren, ne
84, thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt all the days of thy life. 
And there sha
98, the high places, and see where thou hast not been lien with. In the ways hast thou sat for them, 
93, near the heads of the fathers of the Levites unto Eleazar the priest, and unto Joshua the so
98,shall not go out as the menservants do. 
If she please not her master, who hath betrothed her to h
87,s not in them: thus shall it be done unto them. 
Wherefore thus saith the LORD God of h
91,he land of Egypt, and a pillar at the border thereof to the LORD. 
And it shall be for a si
109, shall fall into mischief. 
As a roaring lion, and a ranging bear; so is a wicked ruler over the poor people.
111,arters of thy vesture, wherewith thou coverest thyself. 
If any man take a wife, and go in unto her, and hate h
116,he words of God, to lift up the horn. And God gave to Heman fourteen sons and three daughters. 
All these were under
95,after many days. 
Give a portion to seven, and also to eight; for thou knowest not what evil sh
109,tized him. 
And when they were come up out of the water, the Spirit of the Lord caught away Philip, that the 
97, of darkness is reserved for ever. 
For when they speak great swelling words of vanity, they allu
97, ascended in the flame of the altar. And Manoah and his wife looked on it, and fell on their face
95,the kingdom of God, 
And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repe
92,ther? 
Go to now, ye that say, To day or to morrow we will go into such a city, and continue
106,l ye possess the land? 
Ye stand upon your sword, ye work abomination, and ye defile every one his neighbo
120, and the inheritance shall be our's. 
And they took him, and killed him, and cast him out of the vineyard. 
What shall t
87,t joy cometh in the morning. 
And in my prosperity I said, I shall never be moved. 
LOR
103,tle was with me. 
For it was little which thou hadst before I came, and it is now increased unto a mult
81,o pull down, and to destroy, and to throw down, to build, and to plant. 
Moreover
93,he tabernacle: and their fathers, being over the host of the LORD, were keepers of the entry.
115,men, that same day together. 
And when the men of Israel that were on the other side of the valley, and they that w
104,in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father 
120,or thine, but divide it. 
Then the king answered and said, Give her the living child, and in no wise slay it: she is the
113,ll be satisfied, when I awake, with thy likeness. 
I will love thee, O LORD, my strength. 
The LORD is my rock, a
92,d they brought those men which had accused Daniel, and they cast them into the den of lions,
118,break through and steal: 
But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and
100,hall shut the gate. 
Thou shalt daily prepare a burnt offering unto the LORD of a lamb of the first 
97,ught in mine heart to give myself unto wine, yet acquainting mine heart with wisdom; and to lay h
118,e heart, and with all thy soul, that thou mayest live. 
And the LORD thy God will put all these curses upon thine enem
82,truction, and his lips are the snare of his soul. 
The words of a talebearer are a
89,ld shalt thou make them. 
And thou shalt set upon the table shewbread before me alway. 
A
110,God is love; and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him. 
Herein is our love made perfect, t
100,er against Bethpeor. 
Now therefore hearken, O Israel, unto the statutes and unto the judgments, whi
85,na should be despised, and her magnificence should be destroyed, whom all Asia and th
83,ore in all lands. 
Now when Jacob saw that there was corn in Egypt, Jacob said unto
118, latter growth after the king's mowings. 
And it came to pass, that when they had made an end of eating the grass of t
103,e: and by it there is profit to them that see the sun. 
For wisdom is a defence, and money is a defence
108,hey commanded the people, saying, When ye see the ark of the covenant of the LORD your God, and the priests 
84,he son of Ebed and his brethren be come to Shechem; and, behold, they fortify the ci
116,e border of the widow. 
The thoughts of the wicked are an abomination to the LORD: but the words of the pure are ple
86,love them. 
And if ye do good to them which do good to you, what thank have ye? for si
88,ight of others; 
Because they turned back from him, and would not consider any of his wa
88,his flesh in water, and be unclean until the even. 
And every garment, and every skin, w
102, one in his business; 
And for the wood offering, at times appointed, and for the firstfruits. Remembe
97,uicken me according to thy word. 
Salvation is far from the wicked: for they seek not thy statute
113, thou our potter; and we all are the work of thy hand. 
Be not wroth very sore, O LORD, neither remember iniquity
110,rifice of thanksgiving, and will call upon the name of the LORD. 
I will pay my vows unto the LORD now in the 
84,l I rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me. 
Ther
116,, and behold a white horse: and he that sat on him had a bow; and a crown was given unto him: and he went forth conq
115, At mealtime come thou hither, and eat of the bread, and dip thy morsel in the vinegar. And she sat beside the reap
111,off? and thou, O God, which didst not go out with our armies? 
Give us help from trouble: for vain is the help 
81,in the word of the LORD of hosts came to me, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD of host
95,wer; and no man was able to enter into the temple, till the seven plagues of the seven angels w
117,y came to Mahanaim. 
And Joab returned from following Abner: and when he had gathered all the people together, there 
92,e children of Seir in the land of Edom. 
And the children of Lotan were Hori and Hemam; and 
117, people of thy holiness have possessed it but a little while: our adversaries have trodden down thy sanctuary. 
We ar
110,d unto him again? 
For of him, and through him, and to him, are all things: to whom be glory for ever. Amen. 

85,old of the temple, he is a debtor! 
Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the g
113, go naked without clothing, and they take away the sheaf from the hungry; 
Which make oil within their walls, and
87,d them as a lamb in a large place. 
Ephraim is joined to idols: let him alone. 
Their d
93,ls full of odours, which are the prayers of saints. 
And they sung a new song, saying, Thou a
119,e among the heathen, O house of Judah, and house of Israel; so will I save you, and ye shall be a blessing: fear not, b
104,ur abominations, 
In that ye have brought into my sanctuary strangers, uncircumcised in heart, and uncir
93,is thing that he hath spoken; 
Behold, I will bring again the shadow of the degrees, which is
96,h you, brethren, (ye know the house of Stephanas, that it is the firstfruits of Achaia, and that
102,to stand before him, but he cast him down to the ground, and stamped upon him: and there was none that
82,ion to inherit, seeing I am a great people, forasmuch as the LORD hath blessed me 
104,h a great slaughter: and he went down and dwelt in the top of the rock Etam. 
Then the Philistines went 
97,t without fail deliver the children of Ammon into mine hands, 
Then it shall be, that whatsoever 
119,e last day. 
The Jews then murmured at him, because he said, I am the bread which came down from heaven. 
And they said
98,he went to an high place. 
And God met Balaam: and he said unto him, I have prepared seven altars,
88,. 
For we are glad, when we are weak, and ye are strong: and this also we wish, even you
83, no wool shall come upon them, whiles they minister in the gates of the inner court
85,s divided: and part held with the Jews, and part with the apostles. 
And when there w
82,he son of Asa began to reign over Judah in the fourth year of Ahab king of Israel.
87,solation of the wicked, when it cometh. 
For the LORD shall be thy confidence, and shal
93,ion: for the transgressions of Israel were found in thee. 
Therefore shalt thou give presents
99,hildren of the east were gathered together, and went over, and pitched in the valley of Jezreel. 
B
90,ter the first measure was threescore cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits. 
And the porch
100,and the sons of Gershon and the sons of Merari set forward, bearing the tabernacle. 
And the standar
83,trial of the innocent. 
The earth is given into the hand of the wicked: he covereth
114,pered the body together, having given more abundant honour to that part which lacked. 
That there should be no sch
111,pure: he is a shield unto them that put their trust in him. 
Add thou not unto his words, lest he reprove thee,
107, them through the countries. 
And I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon, and put my sword in hi
81,the priests, the keepers of the charge of the altar: these are the sons of Zadok 
119,usand, to shew unto man his uprightness: 
Then he is gracious unto him, and saith, Deliver him from going down to the p
103,brethren dwell together, and one of them die, and have no child, the wife of the dead shall not marry w
106,ominion, and do according to his will. 
And when he shall stand up, his kingdom shall be broken, and shall
104, and pass away. 
For they sleep not, except they have done mischief; and their sleep is taken away, unle
102,unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I AM hath se
86,ced him, and fell on his neck, and kissed him: and they wept. 
And he lifted up his ey
82,r, unto Gaza; as thou goest, unto Sodom, and Gomorrah, and Admah, and Zeboim, even
117, to all my people; and their song all the day. 
He hath filled me with bitterness, he hath made me drunken with wormw
98,eover I will take from them the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the brideg
96,e judged Israel; and there he built an altar unto the LORD. 
And it came to pass, when Samuel wa
116, do the heave offering of the threshingfloor, so shall ye heave it. 
Of the first of your dough ye shall give unto t
83,wer and his wrath is against all them that forsake him. 
So we fasted and besought 
109,n the prison. 
And his head was brought in a charger, and given to the damsel: and she brought it to her moth
90,r into his hand hath God delivered Midian, and all the host. 
And it was so, when Gideon h
82,cleanse them. 
And after that went the Levites in to do their service in the taber
81,ut to sit on my right hand and on my left hand is not mine to give; but it shall 
110,nd of a contrite spirit, and trembleth at my word. 
He that killeth an ox is as if he slew a man; he that sacr
89,on the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son; 
And say, Thus saith the king, 
92,m, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so
90,so unto thee: for the rivers of waters are dried up, and the fire hath devoured the pastur
100,thee, and thou shalt eat in thy gates whatsoever thy soul lusteth after. 
Even as the roebuck and th
107, one chapiter, and seven for the other chapiter. 
And he made the pillars, and two rows round about upon th
118,hat keepeth the law, happy is he. 
A servant will not be corrected by words: for though he understand he will not answ
84,he waters unto Bethbarah and Jordan. 
And they took two princes of the Midianites, O
111, of God which is in Jerusalem: and since that time even until now hath it been in building, and yet it is not f
95, their soul, there shall not fail thee (said he) a man on the throne of Israel. 
Moreover thou 
83, his molten image is falsehood, and there is no breath in them. 
They are vanity, a
96,when he had been there a long time, that Abimelech king of the Philistines looked out at a windo
93,angels among them. 
He made a way to his anger; he spared not their soul from death, but gave
89,six pomegranates on a side; and all the pomegranates upon the network were an hundred rou
119,at is it which compasseth the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold; 
And the gold of that land is good: there is 
98,nd she said, Now will I praise the LORD: therefore she called his name Judah; and left bearing. 
A
118, whole nation perish not. 
And this spake he not of himself: but being high priest that year, he prophesied that Jesus
87,, which shall arise out of the earth. 
But the saints of the most High shall take the k
101,, to wit, of the temple. 
So was ended all the work that king Solomon made for the house of the LORD.
87, overthrow their seed also among the nations, and to scatter them in the lands. 
They j
115, smote all the country of the hills, and of the south, and of the vale, and of the springs, and all their kings: he
106,lt tread upon the lion and adder: the young lion and the dragon shalt thou trample under feet. 
Because he
98,of Israel walked forty years in the wilderness, till all the people that were men of war, which ca
88,w God had brought Daniel into favour and tender love with the prince of the eunuchs. 
An
94,ould give him daily a piece of bread out of the bakers' street, until all the bread in the cit
118,s to give an answer to every man that asketh you a reason of the hope that is in you with meekness and fear: 
Having a
87,frighted me: the night of my pleasure hath he turned into fear unto me. 
Prepare the ta
93,g the people in all the provinces of thy kingdom; and their laws are diverse from all people;
81, out of their hand. 
We gat our bread with the peril of our lives because of the 
120,to yourselves, and to all the flock, over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, w
118, field; let us lodge in the villages. 
Let us get up early to the vineyards; let us see if the vine flourish, whether 
112, four had their faces and their wings. 
Their wings were joined one to another; they turned not when they went; 
86,on of his age. 
And the LORD said unto Ahijah, Behold, the wife of Jeroboam cometh to 
87, well refined. 
And he will destroy in this mountain the face of the covering cast over
97,tered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the lake, and were choke
112,re not of them who draw back unto perdition; but of them that believe to the saving of the soul. 
Now faith is t
89,t upon them, and they shall offer them up for a burnt offering unto the LORD. 
Seven days
83, to come, and my righteousness to be revealed. 
Blessed is the man that doeth this,
91,vail, and the anguish as of her that bringeth forth her first child, the voice of the daugh
117,ll bring evil upon the house of Jeroboam, and will cut off from Jeroboam him that pisseth against the wall, and him t
80,avened. 
In the day of our king the princes have made him sick with bottles of w
84,ed unto me. And I answered, Here am I. 
And he said unto me, Who art thou? And I ans
89,hall be for the priests that are sanctified of the sons of Zadok; which have kept my char
109,out of the serpent's root shall come forth a cockatrice, and his fruit shall be a fiery flying serpent. 
And 
83,t not, (let him that readeth understand,) then let them that be in Judaea flee to t
93,eth: if Jacob take a wife of the daughters of Heth, such as these which are of the daughters 
88, and the care of this world, and the deceitfulness of riches, choke the word, and he bec
119,the Amorites, which were on this side Jordan toward the sunrising; 
From Aroer, which is by the bank of the river Arnon
86,ee out of the strait into a broad place, where there is no straitness; and that which 
85,e an habitation of dragons, and a court for owls. 
The wild beasts of the desert shal
102,rding to his ways, and according to the fruit of his doings. 
As the partridge sitteth on eggs, and ha
117, from troubles. 
Proud and haughty scorner is his name, who dealeth in proud wrath. 
The desire of the slothful kille
99,at with the servants, and warmed himself at the fire. 
And the chief priests and all the council so
100, that came to Jeremiah from the LORD in the tenth year of Zedekiah king of Judah, which was the eigh
95,nd he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.
97, and see; and behold the clouds which are higher than thou. 
If thou sinnest, what doest thou aga
94,hrow down thine eminent place, and shall break down thy high places: they shall strip thee als
104,arth, for the destruction of the daughter of my people; because the children and the sucklings swoon in 
81,r the promise of the Father, which, saith he, ye have heard of me. 
For John trul
117,Sihon be built and prepared: 
For there is a fire gone out of Heshbon, a flame from the city of Sihon: it hath consum
84, have walked in mine integrity: I have trusted also in the LORD; therefore I shall n
87, made that was made. 
In him was life; and the life was the light of men. 
And the ligh
98,t, and set battering rams against it round about. 
Moreover take thou unto thee an iron pan, and s
107,the land by inheritance. 
And the names of the men are these: Of the tribe of Judah, Caleb the son of Jephu
94,all come to his sanctuary to pray; but he shall not prevail. 
This is the word that the LORD h
89,nd made as if they had been ambassadors, and took old sacks upon their asses, and wine bo
113,he seas, thou filledst many people; thou didst enrich the kings of the earth with the multitude of thy riches and
111, images. 
When God heard this, he was wroth, and greatly abhorred Israel: 
So that he forsook the tabernacle of
87,aid unto the LORD God of Israel, Give a perfect lot. And Saul and Jonathan were taken: 
81,in in Zelah, in the sepulchre of Kish his father: and they performed all that the
110,mit themselves unto thee. 
All the earth shall worship thee, and shall sing unto thee; they shall sing to thy 
82,your words; I gave ear to your reasons, whilst ye searched out what to say. 
Yea, 
80,llars finished. 
And he made a molten sea, ten cubits from the one brim to the o
109,ur loins, and ropes upon our heads, and go out to the king of Israel: peradventure he will save thy life. 
So
81, their fathers, 
From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, ever
88,n the morning, when the wine was gone out of Nabal, and his wife had told him these thin
119,t hate me. 
They cried, but there was none to save them: even unto the LORD, but he answered them not. 
Then did I beat
100,wo sons. 
And they took them wives of the women of Moab; the name of the one was Orpah, and the name
102,sus; 
Who gave himself a ransom for all, to be testified in due time. 
Whereunto I am ordained a preac
85,. 
And the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Sh
82,ss shall be the girdle of his loins, and faithfulness the girdle of his reins. 
Th
115,they shall dwell safely in the wilderness, and sleep in the woods. 
And I will make them and the places round about
102,ith God. 
And, behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shalt call his name
86,ibe of the children of Naphtali was Ahira the son of Enan. 
Thus were the journeyings 
117,river toward the great sea. 
This is the land which ye shall divide by lot unto the tribes of Israel for inheritance,
96, remnant of the house of Israel, which are borne by me from the belly, which are carried from th
109, my voice, and hath given me a son: therefore called she his name Dan. 
And Bilhah Rachel's maid conceived ag
113,st multiplied the nation, and not increased the joy: they joy before thee according to the joy in harvest, and as
85,smitten them: and the hills did tremble, and their carcases were torn in the midst of
114,hat they be of the same mind in the Lord. 
And I intreat thee also, true yokefellow, help those women which labour
90,er shall die. 
But unto the damsel thou shalt do nothing; there is in the damsel no sin wo
94,; and I will cause the sword to fall out of his hand. 
And I will scatter the Egyptians among 
98,nd said, We will send men before us, and they shall search us out the land, and bring us word agai
109,the young: 
But thou shalt in any wise let the dam go, and take the young to thee; that it may be well with t
84,ors slay them, and hold themselves not guilty: and they that sell them say, Blessed 
119,ed, and went unto Johanan the son of Kareah. 
But Ishmael the son of Nethaniah escaped from Johanan with eight men, and
92,Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh: 
That the righ
81,nistry. 
For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at han
98,ou Phebe our sister, which is a servant of the church which is at Cenchrea: 
That ye receive her i
108, Lachish; and Joshua smote him and his people, until he had left him none remaining. 
And from Lachish Joshu
100,, with the towns thereof: 
Beriah also, and Shema, who were heads of the fathers of the inhabitants 
83,and and with a strong arm, even in anger, and in fury, and in great wrath. 
And I w
103,day. 
And they put away the strange gods from among them, and served the LORD: and his soul was grieved
80,ereth out of the way of understanding shall remain in the congregation of the de
103,u; 
And killed the Prince of life, whom God hath raised from the dead; whereof we are witnesses. 
And h
118,to him, Aeneas, Jesus Christ maketh thee whole: arise, and make thy bed. And he arose immediately. 
And all that dwelt
118,t of the land of Egypt. 
Therefore shall ye observe all my statutes, and all my judgments, and do them: I am the LORD.
85,d upward, all that are able to go forth to war in Israel: thou and Aaron shall number
90,ed, and said, Oh that one would give me drink of the water of the well of Bethlehem, which
98,r for all the multitude that is with him: for there be more with us than with him: 
With him is an
112, heard of me among many witnesses, the same commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also.
101,t, saying, There cometh a great multitude against thee from beyond the sea on this side Syria; and, b
91,abour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. 
Take my yoke upon you, and learn of m
80,rce wrath of the LORD is upon you. 
Then certain of the heads of the children of
113,of the LORD is gone out against me. 
And they lifted up their voice, and wept again: and Orpah kissed her mother 
87,n times shall pass over thee, till thou know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom o
111, have foretold you all things. 
But in those days, after that tribulation, the sun shall be darkened, and the m
102,undation of the world: 
For I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink
92,sed from his kingly throne, and they took his glory from him: 
And he was driven from the so
84, will suddenly make him run away from her: and who is a chosen man, that I may appoi
99, her. 
And immediately the king sent an executioner, and commanded his head to be brought: and he w
110,rstanding. 
Who hath laid the measures thereof, if thou knowest? or who hath stretched the line upon it? 
Wher
95,lso hath gone about to profane the temple: whom we took, and would have judged according to our
114,all see that thou art called by the name of the LORD; and they shall be afraid of thee. 
And the LORD shall make t
111,se. 
And I heard him speaking unto me out of the house; and the man stood by me. 
And he said unto me, Son of m
81,ll dwell with confidence, when I have executed judgments upon all those that desp
110,e up after them are seven years; and the seven empty ears blasted with the east wind shall be seven years of f
107,sulted with the young men that were grown up with him, and which stood before him: 
And he said unto them, 
85,bitants of Bethshemesh, nor the inhabitants of Bethanath; but he dwelt among the Cana
114,ight have some fruit among you also, even as among other Gentiles. 
I am debtor both to the Greeks, and to the Bar
96,hat of the Canaanites, even unto Zarephath; and the captivity of Jerusalem, which is in Sepharad
93, a chain; violence covereth them as a garment. 
Their eyes stand out with fatness: they have 
92,n and the children of Gad had a very great multitude of cattle: and when they saw the land o
103, a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground. 
And the LORD God formed man of the d
100,if thou wilt put away thine abominations out of my sight, then shalt thou not remove. 
And thou shal
102,t. And David said unto Saul, I cannot go with these; for I have not proved them. And David put them of
110, 
Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Fat
97,g answered and said, The thing is true, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which alt
88,behold, there stood before the river a ram which had two horns: and the two horns were h
112, heart to fear thy name. 
I will praise thee, O Lord my God, with all my heart: and I will glorify thy name for 
103,rusalem. 
And David came to his house at Jerusalem; and the king took the ten women his concubines, who
104,te, 
And called, and asked whether Simon, which was surnamed Peter, were lodged there. 
While Peter thou
96,s and Aaron by night, and said, Rise up, and get you forth from among my people, both ye and the
95,g which is in you in Christ Jesus. 
For we have great joy and consolation in thy love, because 
80,ing with twelve yoke of oxen before him, and he with the twelfth: and Elijah pas
104,ine into old bottles: else the bottles break, and the wine runneth out, and the bottles perish: but they
90,bner the son of Ner, and the servants of Ishbosheth the son of Saul, went out from Mahanai
104,m with tears to put away the mischief of Haman the Agagite, and his device that he had devised against t
113, for who shall bring him to see what shall be after him? 
So I returned, and considered all the oppressions that 
90,id, Yet I am become rich, I have found me out substance: in all my labours they shall find
115,e Paul waited for them at Athens, his spirit was stirred in him, when he saw the city wholly given to idolatry. 
Th
95,mam: and Timna was Lotan's sister. 
The sons of Shobal; Alian, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shephi, 
83,eak mouth to mouth, even apparently, and not in dark speeches; and the similitude o
111,Carmi, the family of the Carmites. 
These are the families of the Reubenites: and they that were numbered of th
84, hath blessed thee. 
Ye shall not do after all the things that we do here this day, 
91,at they have committed adultery, and blood is in their hands, and with their idols have the
97, servant, that he should not have a son to reign upon his throne; and with the Levites the priest
83,t Zedekiah's eyes, and bound him with chains, to carry him to Babylon. 
And the Cha
86,em upon the door posts of thine house, and upon thy gates: 
That your days may be mult
98,rts before him. 
For if our heart condemn us, God is greater than our heart, and knoweth all thing
110,ay know that I find no fault in him. 
Then came Jesus forth, wearing the crown of thorns, and the purple robe.
104,, for his mercy endureth for ever toward Israel. And all the people shouted with a great shout, when the
80,srael, and of the priests, and the Levites, and the singers, and the porters, an
103,RD had made them joyful, and turned the heart of the king of Assyria unto them, to strengthen their han
95, order, and all the vessels thereof, and the oil for light, 
And the golden altar, and the anoi
91, that thou hast shewed these things to me. 
And he called unto him two centurions, saying, 
107,, to know them which labour among you, and are over you in the Lord, and admonish you; 
And to esteem them 
115, eating and drinking. 
And it shall be, when he lieth down, that thou shalt mark the place where he shall lie, and 
102, no stranger eat of the holy thing: a sojourner of the priest, or an hired servant, shall not eat of t
84,uld all fulness dwell; 
And, having made peace through the blood of his cross, by hi
90, not. 
But I know him: for I am from him, and he hath sent me. 
Then they sought to take h
95,feast of tabernacles: and they shall not appear before the LORD empty: 
Every man shall give as
91,r fears upon them; because when I called, none did answer; when I spake, they did not hear:
106,And unto the angel of the church in Sardis write; These things saith he that hath the seven Spirits of God
120,delivered him again to his father. 
And they were all amazed at the mighty power of God. But while they wondered every o
107,ster; for they are holy; and shall put on other garments, and shall approach to those things which are for 
88,e LORD. 
But he that sinneth against me wrongeth his own soul: all they that hate me lov
110,efore him: 
And that thou mayest tell in the ears of thy son, and of thy son's son, what things I have wrought
99, room enough to receive it. 
And I will rebuke the devourer for your sakes, and he shall not destro
85,n all that I shall shew thee; for to the intent that I might shew them unto thee art 
89, covenant. 
And Abraham set seven ewe lambs of the flock by themselves. 
And Abimelech sa
84,ay unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat; neither for the body,
84, of God in his hand. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, When thou goest to return into E
110,said, I will pursue, I will overtake, I will divide the spoil; my lust shall be satisfied upon them; I will dr
109,and was unto him as a daughter. 
And there came a traveller unto the rich man, and he spared to take of his o
94,s this Son of man? 
Then Jesus said unto them, Yet a little while is the light with you. Walk 
91,t he perceiveth it not of them. 
But his flesh upon him shall have pain, and his soul withi
109,n. 
His roots shall be dried up beneath, and above shall his branch be cut off. 
His remembrance shall perish
90,: for why will ye die, O house of Israel? 
For I have no pleasure in the death of him that
83,as delivered unto him the book of the prophet Esaias. And when he had opened the bo
101,y had not circumcised them by the way. 
And it came to pass, when they had done circumcising all the 
120,ereon do ye trust, that ye abide in the siege in Jerusalem? 
Doth not Hezekiah persuade you to give over yourselves to d
82,royal which is set upon his head: 
And let this apparel and horse be delivered to 
80,he wicked: and they that hate the righteous shall be desolate. 
The LORD redeeme
82, dead, then is Christ not risen: 
And if Christ be not risen, then is our preachin
97,r with a strong hand shall he let them go, and with a strong hand shall he drive them out of his 
105,, thou worm Jacob, and ye men of Israel; I will help thee, saith the LORD, and thy redeemer, the Holy One
90,his great kindness, that thou hast given him a son to sit on his throne, as it is this day
103, him, and said, I have compassion on the multitude, because they continue with me now three days, and h
97,Because I will publish the name of the LORD: ascribe ye greatness unto our God. 
He is the Rock, 
114,Dan, and publisheth affliction from mount Ephraim. 
Make ye mention to the nations; behold, publish against Jerusa
91,nd let us sell him to the Ishmeelites, and let not our hand be upon him; for he is our brot
103, asked for thyself long life; neither hast asked riches for thyself, nor hast asked the life of thine e
110, in the holy mountains. 
The LORD loveth the gates of Zion more than all the dwellings of Jacob. 
Glorious thi
98,l come. 
But I will shew thee that which is noted in the scripture of truth: and there is none tha
83,the hottest battle, and retire ye from him, that he may be smitten, and die. 
And i
105,y the sea, so shall he come. 
O thou daughter dwelling in Egypt, furnish thyself to go into captivity: fo
111,ainst thee. 
But let all those that put their trust in thee rejoice: let them ever shout for joy, because thou 
113, meted out and trodden under foot, whose land the rivers have spoiled, to the place of the name of the LORD of ho
91,o occupy thy merchandise. 
They of Persia and of Lud and of Phut were in thine army, thy me
120,all deeps: 
Fire, and hail; snow, and vapours; stormy wind fulfilling his word: 
Mountains, and all hills; fruitful tree
90, war against Israel, the elders of Gilead went to fetch Jephthah out of the land of Tob: 

91,undred twenty and eight. 
And Joel the son of Zichri was their overseer: and Judah the son 
94,ll not escape. 
Many will intreat the favour of the prince: and every man is a friend to him t
102, fire gone out of Heshbon, a flame from the city of Sihon: it hath consumed ar of Moab, and the lords 
86,abernacle, and of the court round about, were of brass. 
This is the sum of the tabern
105,it thereof and the goodness thereof; but when ye entered, ye defiled my land, and made mine heritage an a
104, Aaron thy brother died in mount Hor, and was gathered unto his people: 
Because ye trespassed against m
101,t weep day and night for the slain of the daughter of my people! 
Oh that I had in the wilderness a l
83,moke out of his nostrils, and fire out of his mouth devoured: coals were kindled by
90,them with commandment unto Iddo the chief at the place Casiphia, and I told them what they
120,the Amorites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee, a land flowing with milk
92, iniquity of trespass, when they eat their holy things: for I the LORD do sanctify them. 
An
106,the wise man? and who knoweth the interpretation of a thing? a man's wisdom maketh his face to shine, and 
103,ut I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy no man taketh from you. 
And in tha
85,the imagination of the thoughts of the heart of thy people, and prepare their heart u
107, the other side. 
And a certain scribe came, and said unto him, Master, I will follow thee whithersoever th
89,ers that went after her; and she went after the messengers of David, and became his wife.
116,rned from going against Jeroboam. 
And Rehoboam dwelt in Jerusalem, and built cities for defence in Judah. 
He built
116,g of Jerusalem, the king of Hebron, the king of Jarmuth, the king of Lachish, the king of Eglon, gathered themselves
98,h time and judgment. 
Because to every purpose there is time and judgment, therefore the misery of
116,ities, by the iniquity of thy traffick; therefore will I bring forth a fire from the midst of thee, it shall devour 
103,ariah, Raamiah, Nahamani, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mispereth, Bigvai, Nehum, Baanah. The number, I say, of th
96,nst thou lift up thy voice to the clouds, that abundance of waters may cover thee? 
Canst thou s
115,dah; and they carried away the stones of Ramah, and the timber thereof, wherewith Baasha was building; and he built
83,go into the land which the LORD had given them. 
And the LORD'S anger was kindled t
110,entiles shall come unto thee. 
The multitude of camels shall cover thee, the dromedaries of Midian and Ephah; 
81,king that shall reign over you: He will take your sons, and appoint them for hims
117,he same day also will I punish all those that leap on the threshold, which fill their masters' houses with violence a
92, free, and that ye break every yoke? 
Is it not to deal thy bread to the hungry, and that th
106,it rained fire and brimstone from heaven, and destroyed them all. 
Even thus shall it be in the day when t
85,f Abdi, and Azariah the son of Jehalelel: and of the Gershonites; Joah the son of Zim
113,k face to face. Peace be to thee. Our friends salute thee. Greet the friends by name. 
Jude, the servant of Jesus
93, and he took the family of the Zarhites: and he brought the family of the Zarhites man by man
120,tified of me in Jerusalem, so must thou bear witness also at Rome. 
And when it was day, certain of the Jews banded toge
88,d if so be that the king's wrath arise, and he say unto thee, Wherefore approached ye so
92,hteousness, I beseech thee, let thine anger and thy fury be turned away from thy city Jerusa
107,usly, and the LORD shall be with the good. 
It came to pass after this also, that the children of Moab, and
103,ghters shall return to your former estate. 
For thy sister Sodom was not mentioned by thy mouth in the 
81,e do well that ye take heed, as unto a light that shineth in a dark place, until 
104, came to pass, as he spake these things, a certain woman of the company lifted up her voice, and said un
104, now make us a king to judge us like all the nations. 
But the thing displeased Samuel, when they said, 
91,hy people Israel, whom God went to redeem to be his own people, to make thee a name of grea
102,atan himself is transformed into an angel of light. 
Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers a
94,e defiled by the dead body of a man: wherefore are we kept back, that we may not offer an offe
110,eproach. 
Cease, my son, to hear the instruction that causeth to err from the words of knowledge. 
An ungodly 
91,n to come the praises of the LORD, and his strength, and his wonderful works that he hath d
97,hew us former things? let them bring forth their witnesses, that they may be justified: or let th
91,to this day; and for our iniquities have we, our kings, and our priests, been delivered int
115,in Arnon, that Moab is spoiled, 
And judgment is come upon the plain country; upon Holon, and upon Jahazah, and upo
82,hat can cause rain? or can the heavens give showers? art not thou he, O LORD our G
114,h known man by lying with him. 
But all the women children, that have not known a man by lying with him, keep aliv
87,t they have spoken lies against me. 
And they have not cried unto me with their heart, 
92,in the wilderness, and he saw that Saul came after him into the wilderness. 
David therefore
105, 
His glory is like the firstling of his bullock, and his horns are like the horns of unicorns: with them
92,servants. 
And he will take your menservants, and your maidservants, and your goodliest youn
101,s in abundance. 
And he set captains of war over the people, and gathered them together to him in the
108,y offspring be rooted out. 
If mine heart have been deceived by a woman, or if I have laid wait at my neighb
103,nd Jesus went up into a mountain, and there he sat with his disciples. 
And the passover, a feast of th
80, that he may bestow upon you a blessing this day. 
And it came to pass on the mo
83, every man in his month: they lacked nothing. 
Barley also and straw for the horses
81,om all iniquity, and purify unto himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works
107,b was Achsa. 
These were the sons of Caleb the son of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah; Shobal the father of 
99, but shall not divide it asunder: and the priest shall burn it upon the altar, upon the wood that i
91, and the LORD heard it; and his anger was kindled; and the fire of the LORD burnt among the
94,y exalted. 
Great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised in the city of our God, in the mounta
97,of Israel were come out of Zion! When God bringeth back the captivity of his people, Jacob shall 
111,unto them. 
Therefore loosing from Troas, we came with a straight course to Samothracia, and the next day to Ne
110,; and there were great voices in heaven, saying, The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lor
96, 
Which was the son of Aminadab, which was the son of Aram, which was the son of Esrom, which wa
99,pt the king delighted in her, and that she were called by name. 
Now when the turn of Esther, the d
106,ions from before you; but they shall be snares and traps unto you, and scourges in your sides, and thorns 
106, lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters. 
And Serug lived th
114,pulchres of his fathers. And all Judah and Jerusalem mourned for Josiah. 
And Jeremiah lamented for Josiah: and al
103,s own inheritance. 
The LORD looketh from heaven; he beholdeth all the sons of men. 
From the place of 
88,ater. And they filled them up to the brim. 
And he saith unto them, Draw out now, and be
107,spel. 
Behold, thou art called a Jew, and restest in the law, and makest thy boast of God, 
And knowest his
81,of the ark. 
And Noah builded an altar unto the LORD; and took of every clean bea
109, them that went out to war, was in number three hundred thousand and seven and thirty thousand and five hundr
97,s, which were in the other ship, that they should come and help them. And they came, and filled b
113,Judah, to leave you none to remain; 
In that ye provoke me unto wrath with the works of your hands, burning incen
95, like his own dung: they which have seen him shall say, Where is he? 
He shall fly away as a dr
120,eace! O Judah, keep thy solemn feasts, perform thy vows: for the wicked shall no more pass through thee; he is utterly c
116, pestilence, and disinherit them, and will make of thee a greater nation and mightier than they. 
And Moses said unt
90, for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in v
84,gift bestowed upon us by the means of many persons thanks may be given by many on ou
81,, Naked came I out of my mother's womb, and naked shall I return thither: the LOR
109,er, and filled it with fire of the altar, and cast it into the earth: and there were voices, and thunderings,
86,hem put their confidence in him. 
And they went out into the fields, and gathered thei
117,word of the holy ones: to the intent that the living may know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and gi
99,the time of the heathen. 
And the sword shall come upon Egypt, and great pain shall be in Ethiopia,
99,ng to my righteousness; according to my cleanness in his eye sight. 
With the merciful thou wilt sh
95,ause his name to dwell there; thither shall ye bring all that I command you; your burnt offerin
104,t the archer bend his bow, and against him that lifteth himself up in his brigandine: and spare ye not h
80,he children of Dan according to their families, these cities with their villages
82, office, and him he hanged. 
Then Pharaoh sent and called Joseph, and they brought
113,th them that hate him to their face, to destroy them: he will not be slack to him that hateth him, he will repay 
86,d ye visited me not. 
Then shall they also answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee 
103,lp you, shall return to Egypt into their own land. 
And the Chaldeans shall come again, and fight again
103,dren of Israel go. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand toward heaven, that there may 
94, feed my flock, and I will cause them to lie down, saith the Lord GOD. 
I will seek that which
103,e clean. 
And in controversy they shall stand in judgment; and they shall judge it according to my judg
102,ailed when he spake: I sought him, but I could not find him; I called him, but he gave me no answer. 

83,th. 
Beloved, thou doest faithfully whatsoever thou doest to the brethren, and to s
119, he had landed at Caesarea, and gone up, and saluted the church, he went down to Antioch. 
And after he had spent some 
102,w these are the names of the tribes. From the north end to the coast of the way of Hethlon, as one goe
85,holy sabbath unto the LORD: bake that which ye will bake to day, and seethe that ye w
106,e: whether it be to the king, as supreme; 
Or unto governors, as unto them that are sent by him for the pu
101, fringe of the borders a ribband of blue: 
And it shall be unto you for a fringe, that ye may look up
103,nd I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside, sea
92,rough ignorance against any of the commandments of the LORD his God concerning things which 
97,ee; (for he knew not that she was his daughter in law.) And she said, What wilt thou give me, tha
84,e house with timber of cedar. 
And the word of the LORD came to Solomon, saying, 
Co
80,ving breastplates of fire, and of jacinth, and brimstone: and the heads of the h
108,ultiply thee. 
And so, after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise. 
For men verily swear by the
103,
But he stood in the midst of the ground, and defended it, and slew the Philistines: and the LORD wroug
95,et it not come into the number of the months. 
Lo, let that night be solitary, let no joyful vo
99,f for the dead: but I have hearkened to the voice of the LORD my God, and have done according to al
104,all the man be blessed that feareth the LORD. 
The LORD shall bless thee out of Zion: and thou shalt see
110,livered unto the saints. 
For there are certain men crept in unawares, who were before of old ordained to this
102, and thy residue shall be devoured by the fire. 
They shall also strip thee out of thy clothes, and ta
82,epulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men'
92,reasure house of his god. 
And the king spake unto Ashpenaz the master of his eunuchs, that 
