1000
112,hird time, Why, what evil hath he done? I have found no cause of death in him: I will therefore chastise him, an
104, for a shew make long prayers: the same shall receive greater damnation. 
And he looked up, and saw the 
86, found naked. 
For we that are in this tabernacle do groan, being burdened: not for th
80,n, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing where it ought not, (let him that r
84,ve you and your fathers, and cast you out of my presence: 
And I will bring an everl
106,rise. 
He taketh the wise in their own craftiness: and the counsel of the froward is carried headlong. 
Th
111,are manifest in all the palace, and in all other places; 
And many of the brethren in the Lord, waxing confiden
119,lifteth up. 
He raiseth up the poor out of the dust, and lifteth up the beggar from the dunghill, to set them among pri
115, until now; 
Being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until 
106,Furthermore the LORD spake unto me, saying, I have seen this people, and, behold, it is a stiffnecked peop
107,f the people of the earth, which were the work of the hands of man. 
And for this cause Hezekiah the king, 
80,ords, and according to all this vision, so did Nathan speak unto David. 
Then we
112,le also to admonish one another. 
Nevertheless, brethren, I have written the more boldly unto you in some sort, 
116,when the woman saw that she was not hid, she came trembling, and falling down before him, she declared unto him befo
113, not be revealed; and hid, that shall not be known. 
What I tell you in darkness, that speak ye in light: and wha
105,or all Israel, with the statutes and judgments. 
Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the co
91,sh my anger against them in the midst of the land of Egypt. 
But I wrought for my name's sa
106,ood of all his labour, it is the gift of God. 
I know that, whatsoever God doeth, it shall be for ever: no
99,fied freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus: 
Whom God hath set forth t
88,lso will hear their cry, and will save them. 
The LORD preserveth all them that love him
105,drewest near in the day that I called upon thee: thou saidst, Fear not. 
O LORD, thou hast pleaded the ca
110,' land many days. 
And it came to pass after these things, that God did tempt Abraham, and said unto him, Abra
117,t God is no respecter of persons: 
But in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteousness, is accepted wi
108,y soul desired the firstripe fruit. 
The good man is perished out of the earth: and there is none upright am
107,xample, that ye should follow his steps: 
Who did no sin, neither was guile found in his mouth: 
Who, when 
106,ts of Israel, unto Abner the son of Ner, and unto Amasa the son of Jether, whom he slew, and shed the bloo
118, affliction: LORD, I have called daily upon thee, I have stretched out my hands unto thee. 
Wilt thou shew wonders to 
115,hee will I cry, O LORD my rock; be not silent to me: lest, if thou be silent to me, I become like them that go down
88,ad above all. 
Both riches and honour come of thee, and thou reignest over all; and in t
119,e books were opened. 
I beheld then because of the voice of the great words which the horn spake: I beheld even till th
88,t, and charged that they should not be opened till after the sabbath: and some of my ser
107, 
Whoso killeth any person, the murderer shall be put to death by the mouth of witnesses: but one witness s
116,l deliver the needy when he crieth; the poor also, and him that hath no helper. 
He shall spare the poor and needy, 
120,o the vintage, and the vintage shall reach unto the sowing time: and ye shall eat your bread to the full, and dwell in y
83,ssion. 
What man is like Job, who drinketh up scorning like water? 
Which goeth in 
120,seventh day shall he shave it. 
And on the eighth day he shall bring two turtles, or two young pigeons, to the priest, t
85,ars. 
And when the thousand years are expired, Satan shall be loosed out of his priso
87, on the tenth day of the seventh month, in the day of atonement shall ye make the trump
101, and Bethel, 
And Avim, and Pharah, and Ophrah, 
And Chepharhaammonai, and Ophni, and Gaba; twelve ci
114,horred them. 
But I have said unto you, Ye shall inherit their land, and I will give it unto you to possess it, a 
93,eadeth the cause of his people, Behold, I have taken out of thine hand the cup of trembling, 
105,ch thy servant prayeth before thee: 
That thine eyes may be open upon this house day and night, upon the 
89,hall answer: 
For I will give you a mouth and wisdom, which all your adversaries shall no
82,mind, and with many tears, and temptations, which befell me by the lying in wait o
91,t appear from mount Gilead. 
Thy teeth are like a flock of sheep that are even shorn, which
102,of Pharaoh, and to trust in the shadow of Egypt! 
Therefore shall the strength of Pharaoh be your sham
108,t I be not further tedious unto thee, I pray thee that thou wouldest hear us of thy clemency a few words. 
F
80, 
And he shall live, and to him shall be given of the gold of Sheba: prayer also
105, done unto them. 
And they said unto him, We are come down to bind thee, that we may deliver thee into th
119,ah that bare you: for I called him alone, and blessed him, and increased him. 
For the LORD shall comfort Zion: he will
89,
Yet will I bring again the captivity of Moab in the latter days, saith the LORD. Thus fa
103,person unawares and unwittingly may flee thither: and they shall be your refuge from the avenger of blo
109,gs to mount up from the earth, the same wheels also turned not from beside them. 
When they stood, these stoo
98, Samaria, shall surely come to pass. 
After this thing Jeroboam returned not from his evil way, bu
107,letter that Tatnai, governor on this side the river, and Shetharboznai and his companions the Apharsachites
99,, there was no small stir among the soldiers, what was become of Peter. 
And when Herod had sought 
113,ent money of the children of Israel, and shalt appoint it for the service of the tabernacle of the congregation; 
93,pon you no greater burden than these necessary things; 
That ye abstain from meats offered to
104,ndureth for ever: 
And made Israel to pass through the midst of it: for his mercy endureth for ever: 
Bu
103,ren, obey your parents in the Lord: for this is right. 
Honour thy father and mother; which is the firs
100,k their fathers in time to come, saying, What mean ye by these stones? 
Then ye shall answer them, T
98, that forget God; and the hypocrite's hope shall perish: 
Whose hope shall be cut off, and whose t
95,l as lions' whelps. 
In their heat I will make their feasts, and I will make them drunken, that
112,ce of them, and found it fifty thousand pieces of silver. 
So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed. 
Afte
101,e, but understanding what the will of the Lord is. 
And be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess; bu
113,God had taken from man, made he a woman, and brought her unto the man. 
And Adam said, This is now bone of my bon
112,er knees. 
As one whom his mother comforteth, so will I comfort you; and ye shall be comforted in Jerusalem. 
An
87,s, and be gone: 
And bring your youngest brother unto me: then shall I know that ye are
86,n: the sons of Heman: Bukkiah, Mattaniah, Uzziel, Shebuel, and Jerimoth, Hananiah, Han
112,o have suffered like things of your own countrymen, even as they have of the Jews: 
Who both killed the Lord Jes
80,miah unto all the princes and to all the people, saying, The LORD sent me to pro
115,om Israel. 
And all the people shall hear, and fear, and do no more presumptuously. 
When thou art come unto the la
97, called for you, to see you, and to speak with you: because that for the hope of Israel I am boun
119,hechem and Hamor his father deceitfully, and said, because he had defiled Dinah their sister: 
And they said unto them,
106,ere was a man of Benjamin, whose name was Kish, the son of Abiel, the son of Zeror, the son of Bechorath, 
118, good in my sight: for I have not found evil in thee since the day of thy coming unto me unto this day: nevertheless t
106,nia, they came to Thessalonica, where was a synagogue of the Jews: 
And Paul, as his manner was, went in u
93, roaring on his prey, when a multitude of shepherds is called forth against him, he will not 
117,eople, and laid before their faces all these words which the LORD commanded him. 
And all the people answered togethe
84,'s gate. 
Then said Zeresh his wife and all his friends unto him, Let a gallows be m
80,into the king's hand. 
And the messenger that was gone to call Micaiah spake unt
89,man should carry any vessel through the temple. 
And he taught, saying unto them, Is it n
93, that I may prove them, whether they will walk in my law, or no. 
And it shall come to pass, 
96,ll the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years: and he died. 
Now these are the generatio
87,ghters are my daughters, and these children are my children, and these cattle are my ca
95,ORD of hosts, that triest the righteous, and seest the reins and the heart, let me see thy veng
99,, but upon all these. 
Yet thou sayest, Because I am innocent, surely his anger shall turn from me.
84,oved from Kadesh, and pitched in mount Hor, in the edge of the land of Edom. 
And Aa
97,mined by him. 
Therefore thou shalt deal kindly with thy servant; for thou hast brought thy serva
119,el for ever, as I promised to David thy father, saying, There shall not fail thee a man upon the throne of Israel. 
But
106, hell. 
For every kind of beasts, and of birds, and of serpents, and of things in the sea, is tamed, and h
90, the brother to death, and the father the son; and children shall rise up against their pa
94,s sent to call Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab: which said, We will not come up: 
Is it a
96, this place, and upon the inhabitants thereof, even all the curses that are written in the book 
113,ey ministered, took they away. 
And the basons, and the firepans, and the bowls, and the caldrons, and the candle
109,n, whether thou be my very son Esau or not. 
And Jacob went near unto Isaac his father; and he felt him, and 
99,twined linen, of needlework; 
And the five pillars of it with their hooks: and he overlaid their ch
108,and will burst thy bonds in sunder. 
And the LORD hath given a commandment concerning thee, that no more of 
98,hosoever hath any gold, let them break it off. So they gave it me: then I cast it into the fire, a
93,reased with goods, and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and mise
93,y: 
Which none of the princes of this world knew: for had they known it, they would not have 
115,come forth of it. 
For the indignation of the LORD is upon all nations, and his fury upon all their armies: he hath
120,been hid, and laid great stones in the cave's mouth, which remain until this very day. 
And that day Joshua took Makkeda
110,rty and five: 
Their camels, four hundred thirty and five: six thousand seven hundred and twenty asses. 
And s
83,ll flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream
103,d, and the heavens dropped, the clouds also dropped water. 
The mountains melted from before the LORD, 
105,d pitched in Ijeabarim, in the border of Moab. 
And they departed from Iim, and pitched in Dibongad. 
And
84,devils also believe, and tremble. 
But wilt thou know, O vain man, that faith withou
97,of unto this day. 
Neither did Manasseh drive out the inhabitants of Bethshean and her towns, nor
90,ute Andronicus and Junia, my kinsmen, and my fellow-prisoners, who are of note among the a
82,l's mouth. 
And thither were all the flocks gathered: and they rolled the stone fr
84,d in the cave: and some bade me kill thee: but mine eye spared thee; and I said, I w
80, of Og in Bashan. 
For only Og king of Bashan remained of the remnant of giants;
94,erefore get you up; for about this time ye shall find him. 
And they went up into the city: an
118, write; These things saith the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God; 
I know thy 
85, went over the brook Zered. 
And the space in which we came from Kadeshbarnea, until 
99,ians: and the people feared the LORD, and believed the LORD, and his servant Moses. 
Then sang Mose
83,fter him repaired also Shemaiah the son of Shechaniah, the keeper of the east gate.
82, isles, Thus saith the Lord GOD; O Tyrus, thou hast said, I am of perfect beauty. 
119,ered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right hand of God; 
From henceforth expecting till his enemies be
102, came to Jerusalem. 
Also in Judah the hand of God was to give them one heart to do the commandment of
119,t refuseth instruction despiseth his own soul: but he that heareth reproof getteth understanding. 
The fear of the LORD
95,s: and the sword shall devour, and it shall be satiate and made drunk with their blood: for the
88,RD, he hath also rejected thee from being king. 
And Saul said unto Samuel, I have sinne
107,ld, this day thine eyes have seen how that the LORD had delivered thee to day into mine hand in the cave: a
82,ing mine offering. 
In that day shalt thou not be ashamed for all thy doings, wher
101,with much intreaty that we would receive the gift, and take upon us the fellowship of the ministering
91, that they should gather themselves together unto Jerusalem; 
And that whosoever would not 
80,nt me. 
When Jesus had thus said, he was troubled in spirit, and testified, and 
81, maketh the earth empty, and maketh it waste, and turneth it upside down, and sca
97, went up, and searched the land from the wilderness of Zin unto Rehob, as men come to Hamath. 
An
91,l, saying, This is the thing which the LORD hath commanded. 
If a man vow a vow unto the LO
90,ying, 
Son of man, say unto the prince of Tyrus, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thine he
96,Then came he out of the land of the Chaldaeans, and dwelt in Charran: and from thence, when his 
91, seekest. And when he came into her tent, behold, Sisera lay dead, and the nail was in his 
100,ed in the stones, or hath his privy member cut off, shall not enter into the congregation of the LOR
117, behold, my witness is in heaven, and my record is on high. 
My friends scorn me: but mine eye poureth out tears unto
83,large as the breadth: and he measured the city with the reed, twelve thousand furlo
105,l raise unto David a righteous Branch, and a King shall reign and prosper, and shall execute judgment and
84, builded for the LORD must be exceeding magnifical, of fame and of glory throughout 
114,ere they sacrificed sacrifices of peace offerings before the LORD; and there Saul and all the men of Israel rejoic
84,as an arrow shot out; it speaketh deceit: one speaketh peaceably to his neighbour wi
95,ich dwelleth in us. 
This thou knowest, that all they which are in Asia be turned away from me;
118, LORD, according unto thy word. 
Teach me good judgment and knowledge: for I have believed thy commandments. 
Before I
83,n hold upon me because of the wicked that forsake thy law. 
Thy statutes have been 
97,y mother conceive me. 
Behold, thou desirest truth in the inward parts: and in the hidden part th
89,vite under Hermon in the land of Mizpeh. 
And they went out, they and all their hosts wit
97,e. And he said, I will redeem it. 
Then said Boaz, What day thou buyest the field of the hand of 
87,ived again, and bare Jacob the sixth son. 
And Leah said, God hath endued me with a goo
116,th the Lord GOD; I will also take of the highest branch of the high cedar, and will set it; I will crop off from the
88,er, therefore made he thee king over them, to do judgment and justice. 
And she gave the
93,us will I magnify myself, and sanctify myself; and I will be known in the eyes of many nation
118,because we love the brethren. He that loveth not his brother abideth in death. 
Whosoever hateth his brother is a murd
95,h thick, and the brim thereof was wrought like the brim of a cup, with flowers of lilies: it co
113,urts: for I have chosen him to be my son, and I will be his father. 
Moreover I will establish his kingdom for ev
118,superstition, and of one Jesus, which was dead, whom Paul affirmed to be alive. 
And because I doubted of such manner 
108,, saith the LORD, and they shall fish them; and after will I send for many hunters, and they shall hunt them
84, their iniquity; and I will bring upon them, and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, 
98,s of a wound cleanseth away evil: so do stripes the inward parts of the belly. 
The king's heart i
100,d, that thou torment me not. 
For he said unto him, Come out of the man, thou unclean spirit. 
And h
83,m; 
Yea, thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, concerning the vessels th
82,, with all the frankincense thereof: it is an offering made by fire unto the LORD.
110,efore will I be unto Ephraim as a moth, and to the house of Judah as rottenness. 
When Ephraim saw his sicknes
117,words of his mouth is foolishness: and the end of his talk is mischievous madness. 
A fool also is full of words: a m
92,ants of Jabeshgilead heard of that which the Philistines had done to Saul; 
All the valiant 
94,abode we in tents three days: and I viewed the people, and the priests, and found there none o
89,ord among the heathen, a shaking of the head among the people. 
My confusion is continual
107,ld, he is hid now in some pit, or in some other place: and it will come to pass, when some of them be overt
90,o that they let none of them remain or escape. 
And the king of Ai they took alive, and br
110, thee, and declare thou unto me. 
I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear: but now mine eye seeth thee.
103,beast before the priest: 
And the priest shall value it, whether it be good or bad: as thou valuest it,
110, grew: and Esau was a cunning hunter, a man of the field; and Jacob was a plain man, dwelling in tents. 
And I
110,ce, tell me where thou hast laid him, and I will take him away. 
Jesus saith unto her, Mary. She turned hersel
94,ood still. 
And, behold, Cushi came; and Cushi said, Tidings, my lord the king: for the LORD h
117,rth: for in these things I delight, saith the LORD. 
Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will punish all th
110,slain me: and my concubine have they forced, that she is dead. 
And I took my concubine, and cut her in pieces
116,es, the oil of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness; that they might be called trees 
95,et me not be ashamed, O LORD; for I have called upon thee: let the wicked be ashamed, and let t
92,med Tertullus, who informed the governor against Paul. 
And when he was called forth, Tertul
101,For they speak not peace: but they devise deceitful matters against them that are quiet in the land. 
84,h wrote at the mouth of Jeremiah, saying, 
Take thee again another roll, and write i
88,ut of Shiloh unto us, that, when it cometh among us, it may save us out of the hand of o
108,l rise, whose wife shall she be of them? for the seven had her to wife. 
And Jesus answering said unto them,
99, king over them, to do judgment and justice. 
And she gave the king an hundred and twenty talents o
118,eousness, and all kings thy glory: and thou shalt be called by a new name, which the mouth of the LORD shall name. 
Th
120, and dying left no seed. 
And the second took her, and died, neither left he any seed: and the third likewise. 
And the 
117,en unto this day, rising early and protesting, saying, Obey my voice. 
Yet they obeyed not, nor inclined their ear, b
114,, that thou makest thy ways perfect? 
Will he reprove thee for fear of thee? will he enter with thee into judgment
107,ansgressions and our sins be upon us, and we pine away in them, how should we then live? 
Say unto them, As
115,ures: 
By thy great wisdom and by thy traffick hast thou increased thy riches, and thine heart is lifted up because
86,tuff to keep, and it be stolen out of the man's house; if the thief be found, let him 
106,RD. 
Better is a dry morsel, and quietness therewith, than an house full of sacrifices with strife. 
A wis
99,For every beast of the forest is mine, and the cattle upon a thousand hills. 
I know all the fowls 
106,e Ethiopian with an host of a thousand thousand, and three hundred chariots; and came unto Mareshah. 
Then
95,e already: neither is it in our power to redeem them; for other men have our lands and vineyard
99,viathan that crooked serpent; and he shall slay the dragon that is in the sea. 
In that day sing ye
86,l counsel against thee, saying, 
Let us go up against Judah, and vex it, and let us ma
115,y of God, wherein the heavens being on fire shall be dissolved, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat? 
Nev
105,ed him away, and delivered him to Pontius Pilate the governor. 
Then Judas, which had betrayed him, when 
112, go by flight: for the LORD will go before you; and the God of Israel will be your rereward. 
Behold, my servant
102,athers, as I have done to Shiloh. 
And I will cast you out of my sight, as I have cast out all your br
86,from us. 
Like as a father pitieth his children, so the LORD pitieth them that fear hi
107,r mine own house also? 
And he said, What shall I give thee? And Jacob said, Thou shalt not give me any thi
87,heaven, the flesh of thy saints unto the beasts of the earth. 
Their blood have they sh
91,even life for evermore. 
Behold, bless ye the LORD, all ye servants of the LORD, which by n
119,m, What hast thou done unto us? and what have I offended thee, that thou hast brought on me and on my kingdom a great s
107, priest, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and thy servant Solomon, hath he not called. 
Is this thing done 
100,Laish, unto a people that were at quiet and secure: and they smote them with the edge of the sword, 
108,f Epaphras our dear fellowservant, who is for you a faithful minister of Christ; 
Who also declared unto us 
119,g, and his praise from the end of the earth, ye that go down to the sea, and all that is therein; the isles, and the in
95,
And after the uproar was ceased, Paul called unto him the disciples, and embraced them, and de
106,phtali were a people that jeoparded their lives unto the death in the high places of the field. 
The kings
87,f all seeds: but when it is grown, it is the greatest among herbs, and becometh a tree,
98,t not hear my words. 
Now Pashur the son of Immer the priest, who was also chief governor in the h
113,rd draweth nigh. 
Grudge not one against another, brethren, lest ye be condemned: behold, the judge standeth befo
97,ll the men of Israel that were in the valley saw that they fled, and that Saul and his sons were 
84,
And they shall bring all your brethren for an offering unto the LORD out of all nat
119,led Hephzibah, and thy land Beulah: for the LORD delighteth in thee, and thy land shall be married. 
For as a young man
107,ORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will bring evil upon this place, the which whosoever heareth, hi
84, their mouth. 
Therefore also will I make thee sick in smiting thee, in making thee 
87,sapphire stone, as the appearance of the likeness of a throne. 
And he spake unto the m
95,ap the harvest of your land, thou shalt not make clean riddance of the corners of thy field whe
109,d, there was a place on the two sides westward. 
Then said he unto me, This is the place where the priests sh
81, arm, 
And his miracles, and his acts, which he did in the midst of Egypt unto Ph
82,and Hezekiah his son reigned in his stead. 
Hezekiah began to reign when he was fi
103,htali drive out the inhabitants of Bethshemesh, nor the inhabitants of Bethanath; but he dwelt among th
102,d, with their three gates; one gate of Gad, one gate of Asher, one gate of Naphtali. 
It was round abo
80,sers, Korah, and all his company; 
And put fire therein, and put incense in them
110,d now am old; yet have I not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread. 
He is ever merciful, an
104, of my heart: and my lips shall utter knowledge clearly. 
The spirit of God hath made me, and the breath
110,brethren were strong men, Elihu, and Semachiah. 
All these of the sons of Obededom: they and their sons and th
82,eedful: and Mary hath chosen that good part, which shall not be taken away from he
106,ous sheweth mercy, and giveth. 
For such as be blessed of him shall inherit the earth; and they that be cu
107,nd ten bullocks, an hundred rams, and two hundred lambs: all these were for a burnt offering to the LORD. 

89, made a snare, and a trap, and a stumblingblock, and a recompence unto them: 
Let their e
90,ds, and according to the works of their own hands. 
For thus saith the LORD God of Israel 
115,speakest thou any more of thy matters? I have said, Thou and Ziba divide the land. 
And Mephibosheth said unto the 
94,e brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by th
103,ment which covereth him, and for a girdle wherewith he is girded continually. 
Let this be the reward o
85,She saith unto them, Because they have taken away my LORD, and I know not where they 
99,just ephah, and a just bath. 
The ephah and the bath shall be of one measure, that the bath may con
86,, and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself. 
And he said, Who told thee
120,se end is to be burned. 
But, beloved, we are persuaded better things of you, and things that accompany salvation, thoug
112,b came to the king, and told him: and when he had called for Absalom, he came to the king, and bowed himself on 
109, stone, which see not, nor hear, nor know: and the God in whose hand thy breath is, and whose are all thy way
94,hat as many as came to the place where Asahel fell down and died stood still. 
Joab also and A
99,ns. 
And he garnished the house with precious stones for beauty: and the gold was gold of Parvaim. 
95,teous judgment. 
Then said some of them of Jerusalem, Is not this he, whom they seek to kill? 

102,ely, supposing to add affliction to my bonds: 
But the other of love, knowing that I am set for the de
97,nd execute judgment for me: he will bring me forth to the light, and I shall behold his righteous
116,nd if I send them away fasting to their own houses, they will faint by the way: for divers of them came from far. 
A
88,an went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom, and to return. 
And he call
97,he might make known the riches of his glory on the vessels of mercy, which he had afore prepared 
97,the man. 
For this cause ought the woman to have power on her head because of the angels. 
Nevert
80,o the king. And the king said unto him, Micaiah, shall we go against Ramothgilea
109, off contention, before it be meddled with. 
He that justifieth the wicked, and he that condemneth the just, 
93, they would shoot from the wall? 
Who smote Abimelech the son of Jerubbesheth? did not a woma
102,uldest take them out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil. 
They are not of t
84,a refuge for us. Selah. 
Surely men of low degree are vanity, and men of high degree
82, 
And Aaron lifted up his hand toward the people, and blessed them, and came down 
114,and appointed him victuals, and gave him land. 
And Hadad found great favour in the sight of Pharaoh, so that he g
94,ren of Israel. 
And he put them on the shoulders of the ephod, that they should be stones for 
118,ot at this time put thee to death, because thou barest the ark of the LORD God before David my father, and because tho
96,ceived that the LORD had confirmed him king over Israel, for his kingdom was lifted up on high, 
115,nd thine herds: they shall eat up thy vines and thy fig trees: they shall impoverish thy fenced cities, wherein tho
91,years unto the year of jubile, then he shall count with him, and according unto his years s
103,ommon bread under mine hand, but there is hallowed bread; if the young men have kept themselves at leas
103,urse in the day when I went to Mahanaim: but he came down to meet me at Jordan, and I sware to him by t
85,en have the great sea for a border: this shall be your west border. 
And this shall b
81,y were of Israel: 
The children of Delaiah, the children of Tobiah, the children 
106,d them, and as they had decreed for themselves and for their seed, the matters of the fastings and their c
107,ll that were cunning, was two hundred fourscore and eight. 
And they cast lots, ward against ward, as well 
106,, because of the people: for all men glorified God for that which was done. 
For the man was above forty y
91, in ranks, by hundreds, and by fifties. 
And when he had taken the five loaves and the two 
108,r the Gentiles exercise lordship over them; and their great ones exercise authority upon them. 
But so shall
105,praised the LORD with the instruments which I made, said David, to praise therewith. 
And David divided t
114,r saviour, which had done great things in Egypt; 
Wondrous works in the land of Ham, and terrible things by the Re
113,zarite to God from the womb to the day of his death. 
Then Manoah intreated the LORD, and said, O my Lord, let th
112,ome, and that he was purposed to fight against Jerusalem, 
He took counsel with his princes and his mighty men t
93,r, lo, they lie in wait for my soul: the mighty are gathered against me; not for my transgres
85,othes; and he that eateth in the house shall wash his clothes. 
And if the priest sha
99,he angels which are in heaven. 
And as touching the dead, that they rise: have ye not read in the b
87,hen I took them by the hand to lead them out of the land of Egypt; because they continu
110,ause your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour: 
Whom resist sted
86,eth adultery. 
Again, ye have heard that it hath been said by them of old time, Thou s
100, it? 
They shall go down to the bars of the pit, when our rest together is in the dust. 
Then answer
104,mbs of the first year: this was the offering of Elishama the son of Ammihud. 
On the eighth day offered 
113,f. 
And it shall come to pass at that time, that I will search Jerusalem with candles, and punish the men that ar
100, said the Jews among themselves, Whither will he go, that we shall not find him? will he go unto the
81,ut in his sight with his mighty power out of Egypt; 
To drive out nations from be
102,e any pity. 
A third part of thee shall die with the pestilence, and with famine shall they be consume
109,rangely, and lest they should say, Our hand is high, and the LORD hath not done all this. 
For they are a nat
110,d Gederoth, and Shocho with the villages thereof, and Timnah with the villages thereof, Gimzo also and the vil
90,worn with all their heart, and sought him with their whole desire; and he was found of the
115, of the Jews: who also himself waited for the kingdom of God. 
This man went unto Pilate, and begged the body of Je
90,amend your ways and your doings; if ye throughly execute judgment between a man and his ne
91,on all them that heard these things. 
And the young men arose, wound him up, and carried hi
108,th the voice of thanksgiving; I will pay that that I have vowed. Salvation is of the LORD. 
And the LORD spa
116,r his great love wherewith he loved us, 
Even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, (by
113,t, even as unto thee. 
Is it not lawful for me to do what I will with mine own? Is thine eye evil, because I am g
94,uld be married to another, even to him who is raised from the dead, that we should bring forth
116, said he, Knowest thou wherefore I come unto thee? and now will I return to fight with the prince of Persia: and whe
102,eshingfloor. 
Wash thyself therefore, and anoint thee, and put thy raiment upon thee, and get thee dow
89,have seen me, and believe not. 
All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him t
115,hall perish quickly from off the good land which he hath given unto you. 
And Joshua gathered all the tribes of Isr
91,all my years in the bitterness of my soul. 
O LORD, by these things men live, and in all th
81,e evidence of things not seen. 
For by it the elders obtained a good report. 
Thr
114,im; and the Pharisees and the chief priests sent officers to take him. 
Then said Jesus unto them, Yet a little wh
106,h of Abraham: and he called their names after the names by which his father had called them. 
And Isaac's 
93,in. 
There is a crying for wine in the streets; all joy is darkened, the mirth of the land is
112,thou wilt slay the wicked, O God: depart from me therefore, ye bloody men. 
For they speak against thee wickedly
101,homas, James the son of Alphaeus, and Simon called Zelotes, 
And Judas the brother of James, and Juda
97,t are like fine brass; 
I know thy works, and charity, and service, and faith, and thy patience, 
103,and the God of your father, hath given you treasure in your sacks: I had your money. And he brought Sim
111,ord GOD; Behold, I will bring upon Tyrus Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, a king of kings, from the north, with 
95,and three daughters. 
His substance also was seven thousand sheep, and three thousand camels, a
111,art, and the coffer with the mice of gold and the images of their emerods. 
And the kine took the straight way 
84,is daughters rose up to comfort him; but he refused to be comforted; and he said, Fo
81, in hither the poor, and the maimed, and the halt, and the blind. 
And the servan
97,ll with me, because I have born him six sons: and she called his name Zebulun. 
And afterwards sh
108,covered the house with beams and boards of cedar. 
And then he built chambers against all the house, five cu
96,ount Seir, having for their captains Pelatiah, and Neariah, and Rephaiah, and Uzziel, the sons o
113, and they likewise received every man a penny. 
And when they had received it, they murmured against the goodman 
103,that soul shall be cut off from Israel. 
And in the first day there shall be an holy convocation, and i
97,that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness. 
If I have told y
81,rlet, and fine twined linen of cunning work: with cherubims shall it be made: 
An
102,Judah. 
As keepers of a field, are they against her round about; because she hath been rebellious agai
93,e a noise like the noise of the seas; and to the rushing of nations, that make a rushing like
113,n the next day much people that were come to the feast, when they heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem, 
Took
92, which is Hiddekel; 
Then I lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and behold a certain man clothe
94, 
And the haft also went in after the blade; and the fat closed upon the blade, so that he cou
112,d worketh willingly with her hands. 
She is like the merchants' ships; she bringeth her food from afar. 
She ris
120, of Aaron the priest. 
And Moses and Aaron and the chief of the congregation numbered the sons of the Kohathites after t
102,covering of the ark, and looked, and, behold, the face of the ground was dry. 
And in the second month
93,things to come. 
He shall glorify me: for he shall receive of mine, and shall shew it unto yo
80, not builded. 
And my God put into mine heart to gather together the nobles, and
109,at was in the land of Egypt, were ended. 
And the seven years of dearth began to come, according as Joseph ha
113,me. 
But the Lord said unto him, Go thy way: for he is a chosen vessel unto me, to bear my name before the Gentil
109,uilty. 
Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gift, or the altar that sanctifieth the gift? 
Whoso 
84,nd said, I will serve thee seven years for Rachel thy younger daughter. 
And Laban s
92,auseway, and two at Parbar. 
These are the divisions of the porters among the sons of Kore, 
96,nt the city with fire, and all that was therein: only the silver, and the gold, and the vessels 
110,ree years old and upward, even unto every one that entereth into the house of the LORD, his daily portion for 
114,e salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be salted? it is thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out,
108,the good into vessels, but cast the bad away. 
So shall it be at the end of the world: the angels shall come
89,hall ascend up every man straight before him. 
And Joshua the son of Nun called the pries
114,crifice unto the LORD our God; lest he fall upon us with pestilence, or with the sword. 
And the king of Egypt sai
91,esy, so worship I the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the law 
118, and the captain of the children of Dan shall be Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai. 
And his host, and those that were nu
116,s is the fruit of my labour: yet what I shall choose I wot not. 
For I am in a strait betwixt two, having a desire t
114, unto Gilgal; that ye may know the righteousness of the LORD. 
Wherewith shall I come before the LORD, and bow mys
94,the wellbeloved Gaius, whom I love in the truth. 
Beloved, I wish above all things that thou m
93, families of the sons of Kohath had cities of their coasts out of the tribe of Ephraim. 
And 
87,hey may do according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses. 
And Josiah gave to 
105,, and speak unto the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem; 
And say thou unto them, Thus sai
89,e life of my spirit: so wilt thou recover me, and make me to live. 
Behold, for peace I h
101,children, even the goodliest, are mine. 
And the king of Israel answered and said, My lord, O king, a
114,e LORD, and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto you. And this shall come to pass, if ye will di
98,was not ashamed of my chain: 
But, when he was in Rome, he sought me out very diligently, and foun
116,edekiah was one and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. 
And he did that
114,nance from the king's palace, and it was not meet for us to see the king's dishonour, therefore have we sent and c
93, me in the gospel, with Clement also, and with other my fellowlabourers, whose names are in t
86,mped at Hazeroth. 
And they departed from Hazeroth, and pitched in Rithmah. 
And they 
102,gh thy beginning was small, yet thy latter end should greatly increase. 
For enquire, I pray thee, of 
99,f heaven, even the LORD, and the weapons of his indignation, to destroy the whole land. 
Howl ye; f
97,when he came down from the mount, that Moses wist not that the skin of his face shone while he ta
94,, Surely blessing I will bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thee. 
And so, after he h
117,outh should hear the word of the gospel, and believe. 
And God, which knoweth the hearts, bare them witness, giving t
80,hey mourned over him, saying, Alas, my brother! 
And it came to pass, after he h
112,ther. 
They answered and said unto him, Abraham is our father. Jesus saith unto them, If ye were Abraham's child
98, instruction, and understanding. 
The father of the righteous shall greatly rejoice: and he that b
103,de a molten sea, ten cubits from the one brim to the other: it was round all about, and his height was 
109,re, because I have given my maiden to my husband: and she called his name Issachar. 
And Leah conceived again
90, lad will go yonder and worship, and come again to you. 
And Abraham took the wood of the 
84, truth before the LORD his God. 
And in every work that he began in the service of t
98,mber, but many. 
If the foot shall say, Because I am not the hand, I am not of the body; is it the
90,ty. 
And again he sent another servant: and they beat him also, and entreated him shameful
108, the consecration, even of that which is for Aaron, and of that which is for his sons: 
And it shall be Aaro
98, the first day of the second month, and they declared their pedigrees after their families, by the
105,gregation, and came out, and blessed the people: and the glory of the LORD appeared unto all the people. 
110,s smote one against another. 
The king cried aloud to bring in the astrologers, the Chaldeans, and the soothsa
91,and without a teaching priest, and without law. 
But when they in their trouble did turn un
114, up into the hand of the enemy the walls of her palaces; they have made a noise in the house of the LORD, as in th
114,and our wives are in captivity for this. 
Now it is in mine heart to make a covenant with the LORD God of Israel, 
92,doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us, 
Looki
100,en Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem, he assembled all the house of Judah, with the tribe of Benjamin, 
109, tumult: and they that hate thee have lifted up the head. 
They have taken crafty counsel against thy people,
111, said unto him, O thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all that debt, because thou desiredst me: 
Shouldest not 
100,d of the goats for a sin offering: 
And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, fiv
107,man of mount Ephraim, Sheba the son of Bichri by name, hath lifted up his hand against the king, even again
88,ob awaked out of his sleep, and he said, Surely the LORD is in this place; and I knew it
105,a great lion: who shall stir him up? Blessed is he that blesseth thee, and cursed is he that curseth thee
119, me to destroy me: but I will consider thy testimonies. 
I have seen an end of all perfection: but thy commandment is e
120,o in and out from gate to gate throughout the camp, and slay every man his brother, and every man his companion, and eve
106,e sons of Manasseh: of Machir, the family of the Machirites: and Machir begat Gilead: of Gilead come the f
96,ORD commanded. 
And Araunah looked, and saw the king and his servants coming on toward him: and 
107,nto Gilead, there was not one city too strong for us: the LORD our God delivered all unto us: 
Only unto th
101,ded. 
And these are the sons of Aaron; Eleazar his son, Phinehas his son, Abishua his son, 
Bukki his
114,or the weight of the brass could not be found out. 
And Solomon made all the vessels that were for the house of Go
97,; 
That they feared greatly, because Gibeon was a great city, as one of the royal cities, and bec
83,ming sword which turned every way, to keep the way of the tree of life. 
And Adam k
120,essions: for my sighs are many, and my heart is faint. 
How hath the LORD covered the daughter of Zion with a cloud in h
80,o transgressed against me, and the prophets prophesied by Baal, and walked after
90,ants, over against the gate Miphkad, and to the going up of the corner. 
And between the g
114,leshed kine did eat up the seven well favoured and fat kine. So Pharaoh awoke. 
And he slept and dreamed the secon
87, and in the ark thou shalt put the testimony that I shall give thee. 
And there I will 
84,ngs without cost. 
So David gave to Ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold 
103,over them; and bring them unto the tabernacle of the congregation, that they may stand there with thee.
89,at. 
He hath cast me into the mire, and I am become like dust and ashes. 
I cry unto thee
102,rks, but of him that calleth;) 
It was said unto her, The elder shall serve the younger. 
As it is wri
87, passed: 
Send them away, that they may go into the country round about, and into the v
92, died within him, and he became as a stone. 
And it came to pass about ten days after, that 
105,en the children shall tremble from the west. 
They shall tremble as a bird out of Egypt, and as a dove ou
95,rses shall come upon thee, and shall pursue thee, and overtake thee, till thou be destroyed; be
90,he had made. 
And after them out of all the tribes of Israel such as set their hearts to s
110, 
And Jesus said, Make the men sit down. Now there was much grass in the place. So the men sat down, in number
110,st they should hear the law, and the words which the LORD of hosts hath sent in his spirit by the former proph
87,quity; he shall surely live, he shall not die. 
None of his sins that he hath committed
102, unto thee? and wherein have I wearied thee? testify against me. 
For I brought thee up out of the lan
93,t knew not wherefore they were come together. 
And they drew Alexander out of the multitude, 
97,Knowest thou not that the Philistines are rulers over us? what is this that thou hast done unto u
99,eir fathers. 
Remove out of the midst of Babylon, and go forth out of the land of the Chaldeans, an
97,e for a curse unto my chosen: for the Lord GOD shall slay thee, and call his servants by another 
107,ad themselves in the valley of Rephaim. 
And David enquired of the LORD, saying, Shall I go up to the Phili
105, did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD his God. 
Against him came up Nebuchadnezzar king of Ba
101,rebuke, O LORD, at the blast of the breath of thy nostrils. 
He sent from above, he took me, he drew 
87,r she smote Sisera, she smote off his head, when she had pierced and stricken through h
107,d hidden riches of secret places, that thou mayest know that I, the LORD, which call thee by thy name, am t
109,uffered his house to be broken up. 
Therefore be ye also ready: for in such an hour as ye think not the Son o
94,ORD saveth his anointed; he will hear him from his holy heaven with the saving strength of his
117,ple the ark of his testament: and there were lightnings, and voices, and thunderings, and an earthquake, and great ha
96,d all the host of the mighty men. 
And the children of Ammon came out, and put the battle in arr
116,ceive instruction to hearken to my words? saith the LORD. 
The words of Jonadab the son of Rechab, that he commanded
99,s and of their daughters, whom they sacrificed unto the idols of Canaan: and the land was polluted 
83, what manner of man he was. 
But whoso looketh into the perfect law of liberty, and
114,ng them witness, both with signs and wonders, and with divers miracles, and gifts of the Holy Ghost, according to 
95,rkness! 
No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or 
82,er a field: and she lighted from off her ass; and Caleb said unto her, What wilt t
98,b is the lot of his inheritance. 
He found him in a desert land, and in the waste howling wilderne
100,. 
Now when the sun was setting, all they that had any sick with divers diseases brought them unto h
117,ell. 
And the children of Israel did so, and put them out without the camp: as the LORD spake unto Moses, so did the 
80,lead, and the border of the Geshurites and Maachathites, and all mount Hermon, a
115, swifter than a weaver's shuttle, and are spent without hope. 
O remember that my life is wind: mine eye shall no m
118,eir God: for the spirit of whoredoms is in the midst of them, and they have not known the LORD. 
And the pride of Isra
113,o into the village over against you, and straightway ye shall find an ass tied, and a colt with her: loose them, 
105,ye the word which the LORD speaketh unto you, O house of Israel: 
Thus saith the LORD, Learn not the way 
96,w if any man build upon this foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble; 
Ever
99, and the vessels, did he put among the treasures of the house of the LORD. 
Then Solomon assembled 
107,disciples first of all, Beware ye of the leaven of the Pharisees, which is hypocrisy. 
For there is nothing
110,ng. 
Assemble yourselves, and come, all ye heathen, and gather yourselves together round about: thither cause 
112,untries, whither I have driven them in mine anger, and in my fury, and in great wrath; and I will bring them aga
89,d with them, saying, If it be your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight; hear 
81,thing that is dead of itself, or torn, whether it be fowl or beast. 
Moreover, wh
80,arn righteousness: in the land of uprightness will he deal unjustly, and will no
81, unto king Hezekiah with a great army. And he stood by the conduit of the upper p
107,nd Junia, my kinsmen, and my fellow-prisoners, who are of note among the apostles, who also were in Christ 
102,k, and his skin, and his dung, shalt thou burn with fire without the camp: it is a sin offering. 
Thou
82,them through thy truth: thy word is truth. 
As thou hast sent me into the world, e
96,
Of the tribe of Issachar, Igal the son of Joseph. 
Of the tribe of Ephraim, Oshea the son of Nu
82,ding to the grace of our God and the Lord Jesus Christ. 
Now we beseech you, breth
94,
In any case thou shalt deliver him the pledge again when the sun goeth down, that he may slee
82,f the anointing of his sons, out of the offerings of the LORD made by fire, in the
113,llings, tumults: 
And lest, when I come again, my God will humble me among you, and that I shall bewail many whic
84, I have spoken evil, bear witness of the evil: but if well, why smitest thou me? 
No
101, Nebuchadrezzar he carried away captive from Jerusalem eight hundred thirty and two persons: 
In the 
90, which is wellpleasing in his sight, through Jesus Christ; to whom be glory for ever and e
103, eight cubits; and the posts thereof, two cubits; and the porch of the gate was inward. 
And the little
102, because of the truth. Selah. 
That thy beloved may be delivered; save with thy right hand, and hear m
114,me! 
If a man die, shall he live again? all the days of my appointed time will I wait, till my change come. 
Thou 
85,e bread of his God. 
For whatsoever man he be that hath a blemish, he shall not appro
84,ng the Son of man shall be accomplished. 
For he shall be delivered unto the Gentile
114,earer revealeth secrets: therefore meddle not with him that flattereth with his lips. 
Whoso curseth his father or
103, the LORD, and for all the vessels of service in the house of the LORD. 
He gave of gold by weight for 
86,r a prey in all places whither thou goest. 
The word of the LORD which came to Jeremia
120,er's name was Abijah, the daughter of Zechariah. 
And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to
91, wine, he commanded Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, and Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas, the 
81, be brought unto the LORD of hosts of a people scattered and peeled, and from a p
87,ther received letters out of Judaea concerning thee, neither any of the brethren that c
117,nd Zadok, a young man mighty of valour, and of his father's house twenty and two captains. 
And of the children of Be
96,ven in possession. 
Therefore say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Although I have cast them far off am
87,ho hath ears to hear, let him hear. 
Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto treasure
112, thanksgiving unleavened cakes mingled with oil, and unleavened wafers anointed with oil, and cakes mingled with
88,(for so was the king's manner toward all that knew law and judgment: 
And the next unto 
97, art situate at the entry of the sea, which art a merchant of the people for many isles, Thus sai
118,ey were read before the king. 
And it was found written, that Mordecai had told of Bigthana and Teresh, two of the kin
120,t I have sinned: therefore, behold, I am come the first this day of all the house of Joseph to go down to meet my lord t
98,Egypt into their own land. 
And the Chaldeans shall come again, and fight against this city, and t
113,reof. 
And the nations of them which are saved shall walk in the light of it: and the kings of the earth do bring
113,ye shall be kept in prison, that your words may be proved, whether there be any truth in you: or else by the life
83, and another, I am of Apollos; are ye not carnal? 
Who then is Paul, and who is Apo
91,aw that Abimelech was dead, they departed every man unto his place. 
Thus God rendered the 
86,as returned, the people gladly received him: for they were all waiting for him. 
And, 
110,sword, ye work abomination, and ye defile every one his neighbour's wife: and shall ye possess the land? 
Say 
90,ll lay their garments wherein they minister; for they are holy; and shall put on other gar
107,nd; 
A fruitful land into barrenness, for the wickedness of them that dwell therein. 
He turneth the wilder
86,y die with him. 
Then when Jesus came, he found that he had lain in the grave four day
96,he spirit truly is ready, but the flesh is weak. 
And again he went away, and prayed, and spake 
107, bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner: 
And one 
93,hich was in my flesh ye despised not, nor rejected; but received me as an angel of God, even 
110,ending ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God. 
But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them t
108,el and understanding. 
Behold, he breaketh down, and it cannot be built again: he shutteth up a man, and the
97,h their enchantments: and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, neither did he hearken unto them; as the 
104,by night opened the prison doors, and brought them forth, and said, 
Go, stand and speak in the temple t
90,f those things. 
And Paul after this tarried there yet a good while, and then took his lea
90,Moses put of the blood upon the tip of their right ear, and upon the thumbs of their right
89, his hand. 
Then said I, Whither goest thou? And he said unto me, To measure Jerusalem, t
110,er my footstool: 
Are ye not then partial in yourselves, and are become judges of evil thoughts? 
Hearken, my 
118, or the moon, or the stars, be not darkened, nor the clouds return after the rain: 
In the day when the keepers of the
111,ing, I say, thy father, made master of the magicians, astrologers, Chaldeans, and soothsayers; 
Forasmuch as an
90,ace have they which love thy law: and nothing shall offend them. 
LORD, I have hoped for t
117,o the hundredth part of the money, and of the corn, the wine, and the oil, that ye exact of them. 
Then said they, We
92,l Israel shall hear that thou art abhorred of thy father: then shall the hands of all that a
96,r there will I sit to judge all the heathen round about. 
Put ye in the sickle, for the harvest 
119,et. 
Dedan was thy merchant in precious clothes for chariots. 
Arabia, and all the princes of Kedar, they occupied with
85,kin, whereon is the seed of copulation, shall be washed with water, and be unclean un
83,very man therefore that hath heard, and hath learned of the Father, cometh unto me.
96,turn from the country of Moab: for she had heard in the country of Moab how that the LORD had vi
83, had brought him down thither. 
And the LORD was with Joseph, and he was a prospero
111,e of God, were of the sons of Eleazar, and of the sons of Ithamar. 
And Shemaiah the son of Nethaneel the scrib
97,e poureth out my gall upon the ground. 
He breaketh me with breach upon breach, he runneth upon m
111,t looketh forth as the morning, fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners? 
I we
106,ven priests bearing the seven trumpets of rams' horns passed on before the LORD, and blew with the trumpet
81,rn, of thy wine, and of thine oil, and the first of the fleece of thy sheep, shal
84,s snow; and his eyes were as a flame of fire; 
And his feet like unto fine brass, as
114,diment in his speech; and they beseech him to put his hand upon him. 
And he took him aside from the multitude, an
90,be a shame for a woman to be shorn or shaven, let her be covered. 
For a man indeed ought 
112,Then the princes of the Philistines went forth: and it came to pass, after they went forth, that David behaved h
84,ot when they went; they went every one straight forward. 
As for the likeness of the
106,he LORD, that is in the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall pour out all the blood at the bottom of 
81,ee in the night watches. 
Because thou hast been my help, therefore in the shadow
112,s brethren an hundred and thirty: 
Of the sons of Elizaphan; Shemaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred: 

106, 
Their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall b
107,auty is departed: her princes are become like harts that find no pasture, and they are gone without strengt
89, 
And he spake unto Korah and unto all his company, saying, Even to morrow the LORD will 
86,est in my spirit, because I found not Titus my brother: but taking my leave of them, I
102,adness. 
And with these sayings scarce restrained they the people, that they had not done sacrifice un
92,d the LORD shall blot out his name from under heaven. 
And the LORD shall separate him unto 
100,d brought in the offerings and the tithes and the dedicated things faithfully: over which Cononiah t
114,d when the day began to spring, they let her go. 
Then came the woman in the dawning of the day, and fell down at 
88,the fish of thy rivers to stick unto thy scales, and I will bring thee up out of the mid
120,ent. 
For they that dwell at Jerusalem, and their rulers, because they knew him not, nor yet the voices of the prophets 
100,s a deaf man, heard not; and I was as a dumb man that openeth not his mouth. 
Thus I was as a man th
83,ss, when he saw her, that he rent his clothes, and said, Alas, my daughter! thou ha
82,e, and him as good as dead, so many as the stars of the sky in multitude, and as t
110, who shall declare his generation? for his life is taken from the earth. 
And the eunuch answered Philip, and 
99,rty and two kings that helped him. 
And the young men of the princes of the provinces went out firs
92,h he shall choose, thou shalt read this law before all Israel in their hearing. 
Gather the 
109,kinsman, Naomi, that is come again out of the country of Moab, selleth a parcel of land, which was our brothe
118,hem off. 
O come, let us sing unto the LORD: let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation. 
Let us come bef
100,nd he was in his presence, as in times past. 
And there was war again: and David went out, and fough
105, they came to Judah and Jerusalem, and destroyed all the princes of the people from among the people, and
83,the deadness of Sarah's womb: 
He staggered not at the promise of God through unbel
94,m, Thus saith the LORD, Did I plainly appear unto the house of thy father, when they were in E
91, top of the two pillars, and the two wreaths to cover the two pommels of the chapiters whic
88,ion it was Moses' part; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And Moses took of the anointing oi
118,e name of the great men that are in the earth. 
Also I will ordain a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, 
119,rust in their wealth, and boast themselves in the multitude of their riches; 
None of them can by any means redeem his 
82, neither is there respect of persons with him. 
Finally, my brethren, be strong in
85,n the son of David was strengthened in his kingdom, and the LORD his God was with him
114,. 
He mocketh at fear, and is not affrighted; neither turneth he back from the sword. 
The quiver rattleth against
90,e Baptist until now the kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the violent take it by f
98,ed him to be brought into the castle, and bade that he should be examined by scourging; that he mi
102, it on the four horns of it, and on the four corners of the settle, and upon the border round about: t
104,ites forced the children of Dan into the mountain: for they would not suffer them to come down to the va
85, but ever follow that which is good, both among yourselves, and to all men. 
Rejoice 
107,ity was Pau; and his wife's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab. 
And these
88,pt, out of the house of bondage. 
Thou shalt have no other gods before me. 
Thou shalt n
109, with him, and horses, and chariots; and he went up and besieged Samaria, and warred against it. 
And he sent
95,ldren and the sucklings swoon in the streets of the city. 
They say to their mothers, Where is 
111,
We are all one man's sons; we are true men, thy servants are no spies. 
And he said unto them, Nay, but to see
103,ut the throne, were four beasts full of eyes before and behind. 
And the first beast was like a lion, a
115, the flock: 
Then shall he that offereth his offering unto the LORD bring a meat offering of a tenth deal of flour 
89,the land, and he it was that sold to all the people of the land: and Joseph's brethren ca
109,ighteousness shall go before thee; the glory of the LORD shall be thy rereward. 
Then shalt thou call, and th
80, camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the 
92,Angel shall go before thee, and bring thee in unto the Amorites, and the Hittites, and the P
117,he daughter of my people. 
The LORD hath accomplished his fury; he hath poured out his fierce anger, and hath kindled
116,f linen. 
Thus all Israel brought up the ark of the covenant of the LORD with shouting, and with sound of the cornet
118,ed of them, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upward, all tha
120,to the angel that destroyed, It is enough, stay now thine hand. And the angel of the LORD stood by the threshingfloor of
105,ing, The will of the Lord be done. 
And after those days we took up our carriages, and went up to Jerusal
117,d to the woman, and said unto Simon, Seest thou this woman? I entered into thine house, thou gavest me no water for m
97,. 
And he shall judge among many people, and rebuke strong nations afar off; and they shall beat 
99, wicked. 
Because thou hast made the LORD, which is my refuge, even the most High, thy habitation; 
108,d, I will lay thee before kings, that they may behold thee. 
Thou hast defiled thy sanctuaries by the multit
99,ltiplied the nation, and not increased the joy: they joy before thee according to the joy in harves
81,ah said, As the LORD of hosts liveth, before whom I stand, I will surely shew mys
118,ork of God: for who can make that straight, which he hath made crooked? 
In the day of prosperity be joyful, but in th
89,my strength for nought, and in vain: yet surely my judgment is with the LORD, and my work
108,ward her children which she shall bear: for she shall eat them for want of all things secretly in the siege 
87,sitting, clothed in white raiment; and they had on their heads crowns of gold. 
And out
104, and the blind to see: and they glorified the God of Israel. 
Then Jesus called his disciples unto him, 
110,sengers unto Abimelech privily, saying, Behold, Gaal the son of Ebed and his brethren be come to Shechem; and,
104,ountries that pertained to the children of Israel, and made all that were present in Israel to serve, ev
80,licted are evil: but he that is of a merry heart hath a continual feast. 
Better
112, there come people down by the middle of the land, and another company come along by the plain of Meonenim. 
The
92,ll answer thee. 
And though the Lord give you the bread of adversity, and the water of affli
103,shall bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee. 
The LORD shall establish thee an holy
96,m no man seeketh after. 
Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will bring again the captivity of Jacob'
103, offering by fire of them upon the altar unto the LORD. 
Either a bullock or a lamb that hath any thing
93,miah, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD; If ye can break my covenant of the day, and my covenant o
100,o in the land whither thou goest to possess it. 
When thou shalt vow a vow unto the LORD thy God, th
96,, but saw no similitude; only ye heard a voice. 
And he declared unto you his covenant, which he
107,s son, Uzziah his son, and Shaul his son. 
And the sons of Elkanah; Amasai, and Ahimoth. 
As for Elkanah: t
84,no where, we came to Samuel. 
And Saul's uncle said, Tell me, I pray thee, what Samu
119,ave, not slanderers, sober, faithful in all things. 
Let the deacons be the husbands of one wife, ruling their children
97, Gazathites, and the Ashdothites, the Eshkalonites, the Gittites, and the Ekronites; also the Avi
100,l of king David longed to go forth unto Absalom: for he was comforted concerning Amnon, seeing he wa
82,should defy the armies of the living God? 
And the people answered him after this 
116,e willing to follow me unto this land: must I needs bring thy son again unto the land from whence thou camest? 
And 
111,feet: and David and his men remained in the sides of the cave. 
And the men of David said unto him, Behold the 
113, and fourscore years. 
And Isaac gave up the ghost, and died, and was gathered unto his people, being old and ful
99,ich is called by thy name: for we do not present our supplications before thee for our righteousnes
116,surely put to death. 
And ye shall take no satisfaction for him that is fled to the city of his refuge, that he shou
98, strong, and one of his princes; and he shall be strong above him, and have dominion; his dominion
81,ings upon the mire. 
He maketh the deep to boil like a pot: he maketh the sea lik
104,d Shelesh, and Amal. 
The sons of Zophah; Suah, and Harnepher, and Shual, and Beri, and Imrah, 
Bezer, a
90,he house of the LORD, were of bright brass. 
In the plain of Jordan did the king cast them
80,full of extortion and excess. 
Thou blind Pharisee, cleanse first that which is 
107,aves into the rings by the sides of the ark, to bear the ark. 
And he made the mercy seat of pure gold: two
95, not take a wife of the daughers of Canaan; 
And that Jacob obeyed his father and his mother, a
100, 
Ye shall keep my sabbaths, and reverence my sanctuary: I am the LORD. 
Regard not them that have f
88,o do thee good at thy latter end; 
And thou say in thine heart, My power and the might o
80,st himself shall establish her. 
The LORD shall count, when he writeth up the pe
87,n the Lord. 
But she is happier if she so abide, after my judgment: and I think also th
96, they shall eat the residue of that which is escaped, which remaineth unto you from the hail, an
105,d shall bring thee into the land whither thou goest to possess it, and hath cast out many nations before 
83,moreover unto Moses, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, the LORD God 
107,e up last. 
I saw the ram pushing westward, and northward, and southward; so that no beasts might stand bef
81, a charge against Ashkelon, and against the sea shore? there hath he appointed it
100,ad been good for me to have been there still: now therefore let me see the king's face; and if there
120,u, and to bring you to nought; and ye shall be plucked from off the land whither thou goest to possess it. 
And the LORD
107,, and shall be put to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they are received: so shall it be taken from t
85, even as it hath taught you, ye shall abide in him. 
And now, little children, abide 
90,es of the tree were for the healing of the nations. 
And there shall be no more curse: but
114,red Jesus, when he had scourged him, to be crucified. 
And the soldiers led him away into the hall, called Praetor
99,ordained of God. 
Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they
99,ouse of Israel that are among them. 
Say, I am your sign: like as I have done, so shall it be done 
95, the clefts of the rock, whose habitation is high; that saith in his heart, Who shall bring me 
80,before the LORD, and said, I will persuade him. 
And the LORD said unto him, Whe
96,mies? 
Give us help from trouble: for vain is the help of man. 
Through God we shall do valiantl
101,I have done in it, saith the Lord GOD. 
And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, w
108, this holy place. 
(For they had seen before with him in the city Trophimus an Ephesian, whom they supposed 
87,And now go to; I will tell you what I will do to my vineyard: I will take away the hedg
105,r this Jordan. 
The LORD thy God, he will go over before thee, and he will destroy these nations from bef
86,n. 
All the souls that came with Jacob into Egypt, which came out of his loins, beside
102,of war; and seven men of them that were near the king's person, which were found in the city; and the 
82,n which have companied with us all the time that the Lord Jesus went in and out am
99,, and prayed him, saying, Come over into Macedonia, and help us. 
And after he had seen the vision,
84,er pool in the highway of the fuller's field. 
Then came forth unto him Eliakim, Hil
105,jamin's neck, and wept; and Benjamin wept upon his neck. 
Moreover he kissed all his brethren, and wept u
115,hat should make up the hedge, and stand in the gap before me for the land, that I should not destroy it: but I foun
92,nd there was no peace; and one built up a wall, and, lo, others daubed it with untempered mo
96,to thy word. 
Let my supplication come before thee: deliver me according to thy word. 
My lips s
104,hereon cherubims and palm trees and open flowers: and covered them with gold fitted upon the carved work
88, the priest shall estimate it, so shall it stand. 
And if he that sanctified it will red
100,d there was a man of mount Ephraim, whose name was Micah. 
And he said unto his mother, The eleven h
109,e took of the stones of that place, and put them for his pillows, and lay down in that place to sleep. 
And h
100,ehoboam the son of Solomon reigned in Judah. Rehoboam was forty and one years old when he began to r
113,so will hear their cry, and will save them. 
The LORD preserveth all them that love him: but all the wicked will 
104,e wicked spring as the grass, and when all the workers of iniquity do flourish; it is that they shall be
85,the land of Egypt; they shall even be consumed by the sword and by the famine: they s
95,ine affliction and my pain; and forgive all my sins. 
Consider mine enemies; for they are many;
80,s shall be the service of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the congregati
81,all yield an ephah. 
Woe unto them that rise up early in the morning, that they m
89, old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war in Israel; 
Even all they that wer
120, defile my tabernacle that is among them. 
This is the law of him that hath an issue, and of him whose seed goeth from h
107,o Shuppim and Hosah the lot came forth westward, with the gate Shallecheth, by the causeway of the going up
105,spake unto them, saying, Be of good cheer; it is I; be not afraid. 
And Peter answered him and said, Lord
83,use and lineage of David:) 
To be taxed with Mary his espoused wife, being great wi
84,? 
Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am. 

91, of Jericho fought against you, the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Canaanites, and t
107, thee renown, as at this day; we have sinned, we have done wickedly. 
O LORD, according to all thy righteou
115,ad testified and preached the word of the Lord, returned to Jerusalem, and preached the gospel in many villages of 
83, of God, whose name is called by the name of the LORD of hosts that dwelleth betwee
119,it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, They parted my garments among them, and upon my vesture did they
110,yrians seven thousand men which fought in chariots, and forty thousand footmen, and killed Shophach the captai
115,d Manahath, and Ebal, Shephi, and Onam. and the sons of Zibeon; Aiah, and Anah. 
The sons of Anah; Dishon. And the 
96,and my soul lothed them, and their soul also abhorred me. 
Then said I, I will not feed you: tha
80,nd that thou shouldest keep all his commandments; 
And to make thee high above a
82, sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be: but we know that, when 
84,; but they did not make known unto me the interpretation thereof. 
But at the last D
92,m; neither will he rest content, though thou givest many gifts. 
My son, keep my words, and 
95, mount Ephraim, when they heard that the Philistines fled, even they also followed hard after t
120,eush, and Beriah. These four were the sons of Shimei. 
And Jahath was the chief, and Zizah the second: but Jeush and Ber
88,d they had no leisure so much as to eat. 
And they departed into a desert place by ship 
117,ven years for Rachel; and they seemed unto him but a few days, for the love he had to her. 
And Jacob said unto Laban
113,ildren of Israel journeyed: and in the place where the cloud abode, there the children of Israel pitched their te
100,madims were in thy towers: they hanged their shields upon thy walls round about; they have made thy 
112,t he also is flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty years. 
There were giants in the earth in those 
97,d rested from war. 
Now these are the kings of the land, which the children of Israel smote, and 
93,ant thy greatness, and thy mighty hand: for what God is there in heaven or in earth, that can
80,iakim king of Judah; He shall have none to sit upon the throne of David: and his
93,nth hour. 
And at the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eloi, Eloi, lama saba
85,and of thy daughters, which the LORD thy God hath given thee, in the siege, and in th
115,kedness of thy sister, the daughter of thy father, or daughter of thy mother, whether she be born at home, or born 
104,r a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this
94,hore in multitude: and they came up, and pitched in Michmash, eastward from Bethaven. 
When th
115,ng; but my lord the king is as an angel of God: do therefore what is good in thine eyes. 
For all of my father's ho
116, and for their goods, and for all their beasts. 
And the suburbs of the cities, which ye shall give unto the Levites
93,ich they had digged in the days of Abraham his father; for the Philistines had stopped them a
80,f the altar: these are the sons of Zadok among the sons of Levi, which come near
104,s. 
And when he had taken the five loaves and the two fishes, he looked up to heaven, and blessed, and b
115,thed with a vesture dipped in blood: and his name is called The Word of God. 
And the armies which were in heaven f
103,easts: all her gates are desolate: her priests sigh, her virgins are afflicted, and she is in bitternes
110, were about six hundred men; 
And Ahiah, the son of Ahitub, Ichabod's brother, the son of Phinehas, the son of
100,nd; who, when they have heard the word, immediately receive it with gladness; 
And have no root in t
88,n to the voice of their brethren the children of Israel. 
But the children of Benjamin g
92, of Peor, and there was a plague among the congregation of the LORD. 
Now therefore kill eve
118,lt not go with me, then I will not go. 
And she said, I will surely go with thee: notwithstanding the journey that tho
119,is thy voice, my son David? And Saul lifted up his voice, and wept. 
And he said to David, Thou art more righteous than
112, presence of the king, and stand not in the place of great men: 
For better it is that it be said unto thee, Com
114, under him, even as straw is trodden down for the dunghill. 
And he shall spread forth his hands in the midst of t
100,ng shall come from the presence of the Lord. 
And he shall send Jesus Christ, which before was preac
118,ns, and that they put upon the fringe of the borders a ribband of blue: 
And it shall be unto you for a fringe, that y
107,phratah, the father of Bethlehem. 
And Ashur the father of Tekoa had two wives, Helah and Naarah. 
And Naar
101,ousand two hundred twenty and two. 
The children of Adonikam, six hundred sixty and six. 
The childre
100,of Asahel and Jahaziah the son of Tikvah were employed about this matter: and Meshullam and Shabbeth
105,them away, and depart. 
Then said David, Ye shall not do so, my brethren, with that which the LORD hath g
92,an knoweth not; neither doth a fool understand this. 
When the wicked spring as the grass, a
82,hem, to strengthen their hands in the work of the house of God, the God of Israel.
86,o healing for us? we looked for peace, and there is no good; and for the time of heali
87,d: 
And he drank of the wine, and was drunken; and he was uncovered within his tent. 
A
82,l evil, bless the lads; and let my name be named on them, and the name of my fathe
80, 
Then I will establish the throne of thy kingdom upon Israel for ever, as I pro
80, incline thine ear unto my sayings. 
Let them not depart from thine eyes; keep t
114, genealogy, but it was not found: therefore were they, as polluted, put from the priesthood. 
And the Tirshatha sa
103,confessed their sins, and the iniquities of their fathers. 
And they stood up in their place, and read 
119, for to day is a sabbath unto the LORD: to day ye shall not find it in the field. 
Six days ye shall gather it; but on 
101,ut I will recompense their way upon their head. 
And, behold, the man clothed with linen, which had t
101,eople of the LORD. 
And it came to pass, when the congregation was gathered against Moses and against
87,thy neighbour's wife, neither shalt thou covet thy neighbour's house, his field, or his
120,in Zion: declare among the people his doings. 
When he maketh inquisition for blood, he remembereth them: he forgetteth 
90,rength to the poor, a strength to the needy in his distress, a refuge from the storm, a sh
85,ned not unto the words of Necho from the mouth of God, and came to fight in the valle
111,h shall spring out of the earth; and righteousness shall look down from heaven. 
Yea, the LORD shall give that 
109,me upon Gideon, and he blew a trumpet; and Abiezer was gathered after him. 
And he sent messengers throughout
109, wife of them is she? for seven had her to wife. 
And Jesus answering said unto them, The children of this wo
98,ambers round about, of the treasuries of the house of God, and of the treasuries of the dedicated 
96,cording to all that he had done to Lachish. 
And Joshua went up from Eglon, and all Israel with 
115,o them that are sent by him for the punishment of evildoers, and for the praise of them that do well. 
For so is th
100, a man of whom he may take uncleanness, whatsoever uncleanness he hath; 
The soul which hath touched
90,habitants of the land. 
For, lo, I will call all the families of the kingdoms of the north
100,k and cover that which cometh from thee: 
For the LORD thy God walketh in the midst of thy camp, to 
88,ey stood not, because the LORD did drive them. 
He made many to fall, yea, one fell upon
87,hildless among women. And Samuel hewed Agag in pieces before the LORD in Gilgal. 
Then 
92,a and her daughters shall return to their former estate, then thou and thy daughters shall r
116,es; neither is there any water to drink. 
And Moses and Aaron went from the presence of the assembly unto the door o
84, thee this authority? 
And he answered and said unto them, I will also ask you one t
118,rother Asahel at Gibeon in the battle. 
And David said to Joab, and to all the people that were with him, Rend your cl
113,reign over many nations, but they shall not reign over thee. 
If there be among you a poor man of one of thy bret
98,h? And she said, Yea, for so much. 
Then Peter said unto her, How is it that ye have agreed togeth
110,o the wind, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Come from the four winds, O breath, and breathe upon these slain, that th
98, whom he raised from the dead. 
There they made him a supper; and Martha served: but Lazarus was o
81, builded the temple unto the LORD God of Israel; 
Then they came to Zerubbabel, a
109,e go over, and see the good land that is beyond Jordan, that goodly mountain, and Lebanon. 
But the LORD was 
94,that he might destroy them, as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And at that time came Joshua, and cu
107,circumcised and the unclean. 
Shake thyself from the dust; arise, and sit down, O Jerusalem: loose thyself 
93,ll compass a man. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; As yet they shall use thi
116,o kick against the pricks. 
And he trembling and astonished said, Lord, what wilt thou have me to do? And the Lord s
90,
And Hatach came and told Esther the words of Mordecai. 
Again Esther spake unto Hatach, a
93, Father in my name, he will give it you. 
Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and
98,on the priests, which were in the fields of the suburbs of their cities, in every several city, th
114,he midst of Babylon, and go forth out of the land of the Chaldeans, and be as the he goats before the flocks. 
For
97,ring, and the covering of the badgers' skins that is above upon it, and the hanging for the door 
116,should lodge. 
And when we were come to Jerusalem, the brethren received us gladly. 
And the day following Paul went
102,it hath pleased him. 
And if they were all one member, where were the body? 
But now are they many mem
116,ripes, in imprisonments, in tumults, in labours, in watchings, in fastings; 
By pureness, by knowledge, by long suff
104,eceived the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things wer
104,and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: and twenty cubits was the length, and the height in the 
90, Saul, The LORD sent me to anoint thee to be king over his people, over Israel: now theref
103,t given to marriage. 
Their priests fell by the sword; and their widows made no lamentation. 
Then the 
100,he seventeenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah, and reigned two years over Israel. 
And he did evi
91,hich come near to the LORD to minister unto him. 
So he measured the court, an hundred cubi
99,ghty waters. 
Who is like unto thee, O LORD, among the gods? who is like thee, glorious in holiness
96,and they shall ride upon horses, every one put in array, like a man to the battle, against thee,
92,braham, saying, In thee shall all nations be blessed. 
So then they which be of faith are bl
90,eed of, both young bullocks, and rams, and lambs, for the burnt offerings of the God of he
80,e glory that excelleth. 
For if that which is done away was glorious, much more 
95,he things which shall be hereafter; 
The mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest in my rig
120,son of Mary, the brother of James, and Joses, and of Juda, and Simon? and are not his sisters here with us? And they wer
112,the house of his armour, and all that was found in his treasures: there was nothing in his house, nor in all his
108,dversary had written a book. 
Surely I would take it upon my shoulder, and bind it as a crown to me. 
I woul
118,egat Shelah, and Shelah begat Eber. 
And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of the one was Peleg; because in his d
81,ld, there be no white hair in the bright spot, and it be no lower than the other 
119,om their desire, or have caused the eyes of the widow to fail; 
Or have eaten my morsel myself alone, and the fatherles
113,ot to be done, and shall do against any of them: 
If the priest that is anointed do sin according to the sin of t
118, not a present to bring to the man of God: what have we? 
And the servant answered Saul again, and said, Behold, I hav
116,ed unto him, and said unto him, The LORD is with thee, thou mighty man of valour. 
And Gideon said unto him, Oh my L
89,he second month, began Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, an
98,e flock shall be cut off from the fold, and there shall be no herd in the stalls: 
Yet I will rejo
84, ears to hear, unto this day. 
And I have led you forty years in the wilderness: you
99,which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat
101, where aforetime they laid the meat offerings, the frankincense, and the vessels, and the tithes of t
102,herub on the other end: even of the mercy seat shall ye make the cherubims on the two ends thereof. 
A
120, that remained twelve baskets full. 
And they that had eaten were about five thousand men, beside women and children. 
A
90, make atonement for them before the LORD? 
Behold, the blood of it was not brought in with
83, wall thereof. 
And the city lieth foursquare, and the length is as large as the br
101,an honourable man; all that he saith cometh surely to pass: now let us go thither; peradventure he ca
91,the strangers that sojourn among you, which shall beget children among you: and they shall 
101,t and terrible things, which thine eyes have seen. 
Thy fathers went down into Egypt with threescore 
115,ing; and the plague was stayed. 
Now they that died in the plague were fourteen thousand and seven hundred, beside 
117,ll me Bathsheba. And she came into the king's presence, and stood before the king. 
And the king sware, and said, As 
112,of thy brother's wife: it is thy brother's nakedness. 
Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of a woman and her d
84,and all Bashan, unto Salchah and Edrei, cities of the kingdom of Og in Bashan. 
For 
87,lilah said to Samson, Tell me, I pray thee, wherein thy great strength lieth, and where
108,, and all the host of heaven standing on his right hand and on his left. 
And the LORD said, Who shall entic
96, Take me an heifer of three years old, and a she goat of three years old, and a ram of three yea
108,st understanding, hear this: hearken to the voice of my words. 
Shall even he that hateth right govern? and 
109,ock, and will cover thee with my hand while I pass by: 
And I will take away mine hand, and thou shalt see my
118,Mizpeh. 
And when the Philistines heard that the children of Israel were gathered together to Mizpeh, the lords of the
113,ey came out of Egypt. 
Now all the people that came out were circumcised: but all the people that were born in th
102, and whose hope the LORD is. 
For he shall be as a tree planted by the waters, and that spreadeth out 
89,was brought thither: so that there was neither hammer nor axe nor any tool of iron heard 
119,ardens that ye have chosen. 
For ye shall be as an oak whose leaf fadeth, and as a garden that hath no water. 
And the 
106,morning he shall devour the prey, and at night he shall divide the spoil. 
All these are the twelve tribes
113,he marriage supper of the Lamb. And he saith unto me, These are the true sayings of God. 
And I fell at his feet 
119,ose that were sick, where they heard he was. 
And whithersoever he entered, into villages, or cities, or country, they 
95,ael and Judah, and according to the commandment of the king, saying, Ye children of Israel, tur
101,it away, that it may go. 
And see, if it goeth up by the way of his own coast to Bethshemesh, then he
112, life far, and delivered you out of the hand of Midian: 
And ye are risen up against my father's house this day,
85, seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not fa
83,fifty thousand, and of sheep two hundred and fifty thousand, and of asses two thous
110, them all; insomuch that they were all amazed, and glorified God, saying, We never saw it on this fashion. 
An
101,er me: their rejoicing was as to devour the poor secretly. 
Thou didst walk through the sea with thin
82,f the hands the house droppeth through. 
A feast is made for laughter, and wine ma
88,er hands. 
She is like the merchants' ships; she bringeth her food from afar. 
She riset
109,d cedar trees made he as the sycomore trees that are in the vale for abundance. 
And Solomon had horses broug
112,also the good works of some are manifest beforehand; and they that are otherwise cannot be hid. 
Let as many ser
115,they were Ishmaelites.) 
And they answered, We will willingly give them. And they spread a garment, and did cast th
99,m. 
An ungodly man diggeth up evil: and in his lips there is as a burning fire. 
A froward man sowe
93,at had the scarlet thread upon his hand: and his name was called Zarah. 
And Joseph was broug
83, God made with our fathers, saying unto Abraham, And in thy seed shall all the kind
81,ter into Egypt: and ye shall be an execration, and an astonishment, and a curse, 
82, he was riding upon his ass, and his two servants were with him. 
And the ass saw 
80,all spoilers come unto her, saith the LORD. 
A sound of a cry cometh from Babylo
94,nd whence is he then his son? And the common people heard him gladly. 
And he said unto them i
95,Babylon; and he was a ready scribe in the law of Moses, which the LORD God of Israel had given:
110,to. 
Then Eli answered and said, Go in peace: and the God of Israel grant thee thy petition that thou hast ask
90,him, Behold, thy disciples do that which is not lawful to do upon the sabbath day. 
But he
104,ity of David: but David carried it aside into the house of Obededom the Gittite. 
And the ark of the LOR
112,eiah, and Eliezer, and Jarib, and Gedaliah. 
And they gave their hands that they would put away their wives; and
90,at is not betrothed, and lie with her, he shall surely endow her to be his wife. 
If her f
106,fast. 
And forthwith he came to Jesus, and said, Hail, master; and kissed him. 
And Jesus said unto him, F
98,David was king in Hebron over the house of Judah was seven years and six months. 
And Abner the so
116,ous of the traditions of my fathers. 
But when it pleased God, who separated me from my mother's womb, and called me
83,ts, and the breadth thereof six cubits: he set it up in the plain of Dura, in the p
90,e of the ashes of the burnt heifer of purification for sin, and running water shall be put
101,from being bondmen, and hewers of wood and drawers of water for the house of my God. 
And they answer
106,and thy younger: and I will give them unto thee for daughters, but not by thy covenant. 
And I will establ
116,ORD, his offering shall be of fine flour; and he shall pour oil upon it, and put frankincense thereon: 
And he shall
99, would give me his house full of silver and gold, I cannot go beyond the commandment of the LORD, t
116,f his eyes, and defile not yourselves with the idols of Egypt: I am the LORD your God. 
But they rebelled against me
111,ve rebelled against thee. 
But let all those that put their trust in thee rejoice: let them ever shout for joy,
119,f God hath not life. 
These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know
119,new him, and fell on his face, and said, Art thou that my lord Elijah? 
And he answered him, I am: go, tell thy lord, B
97,ng things which they ought not, for filthy lucre's sake. 
One of themselves, even a prophet of th
98,my songs in the house of my pilgrimage. 
I have remembered thy name, O LORD, in the night, and hav
94,s in Christ are manifest in all the palace, and in all other places; 
And many of the brethren
112,w? I will lay down my life for thy sake. 
Jesus answered him, Wilt thou lay down thy life for my sake? Verily, v
106,venty shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a m
110,oeth his will, him he heareth. 
Since the world began was it not heard that any man opened the eyes of one tha
118,ezekiah sick unto death. And Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz came unto him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD,
117,mitted; therefore is your land a desolation, and an astonishment, and a curse, without an inhabitant, as at this day.
93, and yelled, and they made his land waste: his cities are burned without inhabitant. 
Also th
83,instead of a stomacher a girding of sackcloth; and burning instead of beauty. 
Thy 
92, the name of the firstborn Manasseh: For God, said he, hath made me forget all my toil, and 
102, say, Here I am. If thou take away from the midst of thee the yoke, the putting forth of the finger, a
97,r's sins which he hath done, and considereth, and doeth not such like, 
That hath not eaten upon 
115,ts of the land, the Canaanites, saw the mourning in the floor of Atad, they said, This is a grievous mourning to th
95,p, to be ruler over my people, over Israel: 
And I was with thee whithersoever thou wentest, an
81,d, and after he had drunk, that he saddled for him the ass, to wit, for the proph
107,artition between us; 
Having abolished in his flesh the enmity, even the law of commandments contained in o
104,ffer it of his own voluntary will at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD. 
An
105,esh; 
That their hearts might be comforted, being knit together in love, and unto all riches of the full 
114,tephanas and Fortunatus and Achaicus: for that which was lacking on your part they have supplied. 
For they have r
83,to the LORD; two young bullocks, and one ram, seven lambs of the first year without
83,n spoon of ten shekels, full of incense: 
One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of t
107,ies. 
For, behold, the LORD will come with fire, and with his chariots like a whirlwind, to render his ange
103, away from thee a froward mouth, and perverse lips put far from thee. 
Let thine eyes look right on, an
104,of woven work for Aaron, and for his sons, 
And a mitre of fine linen, and goodly bonnets of fine linen,
92,e he gave not God the glory: and he was eaten of worms, and gave up the ghost. 
But the word
89,ns, and your daughters, and your menservants, and your maidservants, and the Levite that 
82,ether, and come against her, and rise up to the battle. 
For, lo, I will make thee
88,he God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which is blessed for evermore, knoweth that 
83,y this; but when Rebecca also had conceived by one, even by our father Isaac; 
(For
114,t dearth throughout all the world: which came to pass in the days of Claudius Caesar. 
Then the disciples, every m
99,waxed weaker and weaker. 
And unto David were sons born in Hebron: and his firstborn was Amnon, of 
106,man alive, and were not a little comforted. 
And we went before to ship, and sailed unto Assos, there inte
100,e day, that it may be an holy convocation unto you: ye shall do no servile work therein: it shall be
99, his chariots, conspired against him, as he was in Tirzah, drinking himself drunk in the house of A
107,ons. 
Israel is an empty vine, he bringeth forth fruit unto himself: according to the multitude of his frui
118, went into the house of the king under the treasury, and took thence old cast clouts and old rotten rags, and let them
105,of the purchase, before all the Jews that sat in the court of the prison. 
And I charged Baruch before th
111,ter them, poor and very ill favoured and leanfleshed, such as I never saw in all the land of Egypt for badness:
109,unto him, Master, thus saying thou reproachest us also. 
And he said, Woe unto you also, ye lawyers! for ye l
117,en with thee; thy ewes and thy she goats have not cast their young, and the rams of thy flock have I not eaten. 
That
91, 
Seven days shall there be no leaven found in your houses: for whosoever eateth that which
115,ed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book. 
And I John saw these things, and heard them. And w
114,t doeth good. 
The LORD looked down from heaven upon the children of men, to see if there were any that did unders
94,f thy measures from me, saith the LORD; because thou hast forgotten me, and trusted in falseho
107,all overflow the hiding place. 
And your covenant with death shall be disannulled, and your agreement with 
83,luch, Harim, Baanah. 
And the rest of the people, the priests, the Levites, the por
107,ll work deceitfully: for he shall come up, and shall become strong with a small people. 
He shall enter pea
88,: notwithstanding yet Jotham the youngest son of Jerubbaal was left; for he hid himself.
85,it were for a little moment, until the indignation be overpast. 
For, behold, the LOR
101, he shall stretch it out upon the land of Egypt. 
And I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations,
92,en up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven.
103,ffering of death, crowned with glory and honour; that he by the grace of God should taste death for eve
87, 
And David made him houses in the city of David, and prepared a place for the ark of G
88,him down, not man. 
Now he hath not directed his words against me: neither will I answer
108,Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us: we pray you in Christ's stead, 
118,sellors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces, were gathered together unto the dedication of the image th
92,found, 
Or all that about which he hath sworn falsely; he shall even restore it in the princ
97,let thy servant rejoice. 
Let mine adversaries be clothed with shame, and let them cover themselv
118, saith the LORD. 
And Hazor shall be a dwelling for dragons, and a desolation for ever: there shall no man abide there
85,parable against you, and lament with a doleful lamentation, and say, We be utterly sp
119,and thy daughters, and whatsoever thou hast in the city, bring them out of this place: 
For we will destroy this place,
113,. 
They rewarded me evil for good to the spoiling of my soul. 
But as for me, when they were sick, my clothing wa
84, fall to the earth. 
Then the woman said, Let thine handmaid, I pray thee, speak one
116,ariots and horsemen. 
And these were the chief of king Solomon's officers, even two hundred and fifty, that bare rul
112,ll take of the blood thereof with his finger, and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shal
83, him that endured such contradiction of sinners against himself, lest ye be wearied
119,among you, and very delicate, his eye shall be evil toward his brother, and toward the wife of his bosom, and toward th
84,ep in the wilderness? I know thy pride, and the naughtiness of thine heart; for thou
81,s also shall not be, saith the Lord GOD. 
Thus he shewed me: and, behold, the LOR
84,ed the people of the LORD. 
And it came to pass, when the congregation was gathered 
100,ng indeed, then shall there enter in by the gates of this house kings sitting upon the throne of Dav
113,ommand thee so, then thou shalt be able to endure, and all this people shall also go to their place in peace. 
So
118,ot err, my beloved brethren. 
Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the Father of
80,ght of the heathen, in whose sight I brought them forth. 
I lifted up mine hand 
120,alt thou season with salt; neither shalt thou suffer the salt of the covenant of thy God to be lacking from thy meat off
102, the LORD, and called it Jehovahshalom: unto this day it is yet in Ophrah of the Abiezrites. 
And it c
99,eir backs. 
Also they have shut up the doors of the porch, and put out the lamps, and have not burn
107,st between two tails. 
And when he had set the brands on fire, he let them go into the standing corn of the
96,en shall I liken the men of this generation? and to what are they like? 
They are like unto chil
114, and of serpents, and of things in the sea, is tamed, and hath been tamed of mankind: 
But the tongue can no man t
120, consent: they are confederate against thee: 
The tabernacles of Edom, and the Ishmaelites; of Moab, and the Hagarenes; 
93,rian was a cedar in Lebanon with fair branches, and with a shadowing shroud, and of an high s
105,u these words: for after the tenor of these words I have made a covenant with thee and with Israel. 
And 
85,ad; Ziphion, and Haggi, Shuni, and Ezbon, Eri, and Arodi, and Areli. 
And the sons of
113,l take his handful of it, even a memorial thereof, and burn it on the altar, according to the offerings made by f
97,t owneth this girdle, and shall deliver him into the hands of the Gentiles. 
And when we heard th
96,Jews, was nigh. 
When Jesus then lifted up his eyes, and saw a great company come unto him, he s
88, because he followeth not with us. 
And Jesus said unto him, Forbid him not: for he that
98,nd to all other, that, if I come again, I will not spare: 
Since ye seek a proof of Christ speakin
90,s: 
For I say unto you, I will not drink of the fruit of the vine, until the kingdom of Go
99,id from the king, which he told her not. 
And when the queen of Sheba had seen all Solomon's wisdom
99,fied, and they washed their clothes; and Aaron offered them as an offering before the LORD; and Aar
87,born son be hers that was hated: 
Then it shall be, when he maketh his sons to inherit 
102,And Jesus rebuked the unclean spirit, and healed the child, and delivered him again to his father. 
An
109,, or wife, or children, or lands, for my sake, and the gospel's, 
But he shall receive an hundredfold now in 
114,Rehoboam was forty and one years old when he began to reign, and he reigned seventeen years in Jerusalem, the city
92,d away from the hope of the gospel, which ye have heard, and which was preached to every cre
109,e first day of the feast of unleavened bread the disciples came to Jesus, saying unto him, Where wilt thou th
108,w often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, a
104,riests' offices, that I may eat a piece of bread. 
And the child Samuel ministered unto the LORD before 
87,, Ginnethon, Baruch, 
Meshullam, Abijah, Mijamin, 
Maaziah, Bilgai, Shemaiah: these wer
117,aying, What city is like unto this great city! 
And they cast dust on their heads, and cried, weeping and wailing, sa
92,that fear him: he also will hear their cry, and will save them. 
The LORD preserveth all the
80,like lambs? 
Tremble, thou earth, at the presence of the Lord, at the presence o
100,turned away from him. 
I will be as the dew unto Israel: he shall grow as the lily, and cast forth h
92,returned from Jerusalem, when they had fulfilled their ministry, and took with them John, wh
84,at which ye have spoken in the ear in closets shall be proclaimed upon the housetops
118,father's house: so shalt thou put evil away from among you. 
If a man be found lying with a woman married to an husban
80,e may declare it, for what the land perisheth and is burned up like a wilderness
117,and the month which was turned unto them from sorrow to joy, and from mourning into a good day: that they should make
116,f Judah, with the carpenters and smiths, from Jerusalem, and had brought them to Babylon. 
One basket had very good 
99,their blood shall be upon them. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Speak unto the priests the sons of A
119, that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand years should be fulfilled: and after that he must be loo
87,oman, Yea, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden? 
And the woman 
85,d the Canaanites which dwelt in that hill, and smote them, and discomfited them, even
89,God, men of truth, hating covetousness; and place such over them, to be rulers of thousan
115,ent up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judaea, unto the city of David, which is called Bethlehem; (
81, us. 
Our necks are under persecution: we labour, and have no rest. 
We have give
95, pleasant in their lives, and in their death they were not divided: they were swifter than eagl
119,w to do them. And all the people shall say, Amen. 
And it shall come to pass, if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the
93,: let them marry. 
Nevertheless he that standeth stedfast in his heart, having no necessity, 
115,kindness: according unto the multitude of thy tender mercies blot out my transgressions. 
Wash me throughly from mi
83,which hath delivered up the men that lifted up their hand against my lord the king.
113, of the earth. Unto him that loved us, and washed us from our sins in his own blood, 
And hath made us kings and 
94,salem shall kings bring presents unto thee. 
Rebuke the company of spearmen, the multitude of 
114, wisdom and prosperity exceedeth the fame which I heard. 
Happy are thy men, happy are these thy servants, which s
101,s will, and to agree, and give their kingdom unto the beast, until the words of God shall be fulfille
99,g, O my God. 
Blessed is he that considereth the poor: the LORD will deliver him in time of trouble
106,fire shall devour thy bars. 
Draw thee waters for the siege, fortify thy strong holds: go into clay, and t
88,
Therefore thou shalt love the LORD thy God, and keep his charge, and his statutes, and 
101,her he be born in the land, or a stranger, the same reproacheth the LORD; and that soul shall be cut 
87, his disciples, Let us go into Judaea again. 
His disciples say unto him, Master, the J
107, blemish, let him not approach to offer the bread of his God. 
For whatsoever man he be that hath a blemish
106,ll the children of wickedness afflict them any more, as beforetime, 
And as since the time that I commande
89,e he of brass. 
And he made for the altar a brasen grate of network under the compass the
118,aid unto them, Where is your faith? And they being afraid wondered, saying one to another, What manner of man is this!
119,us passed forth from thence, he saw a man, named Matthew, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he saith unto him, Foll
83,, devilish. 
For where envying and strife is, there is confusion and every evil wor
107,day. 
There was nothing in the ark save the two tables which Moses put therein at Horeb, when the LORD made
88, mighty angel come down from heaven, clothed with a cloud: and a rainbow was upon his he
106, fornication, and shall marry another, committeth adultery: and whoso marrieth her which is put away doth 
92,ent, than for you. 
And thou, Capernaum, which art exalted unto heaven, shalt be brought dow
98,orning cometh, and also the night: if ye will enquire, enquire ye: return, come. 
The burden upon 
