1000
50, more. 
I waited patiently for the LORD; and he in
49,d he did according to the word that Joseph had sp
56,. 
And the children of Israel dwelt among the Canaanites
68,hanks: and he was a Samaritan. 
And Jesus answering said, Were there
51, supreme; 
Or unto governors, as unto them that are
71, in the gladness of thy nation, that I may glory with thine inheritance
55,. 
And it came to pass, when he had made an end of spea
64,er. 
Then one of them, which was a lawyer, asked him a question,
65, the house of their fathers, were bands of soldiers for war, six 
58,e with them? 
And one of the multitude answered and said, 
49,ren of Israel enquired of the LORD, (for the ark 
61,orn in Egypt. 
But Benjamin, Joseph's brother, Jacob sent not
70, guard, saying, 
Take him, and look well to him, and do him no harm; b
58, the tenth in Israel for an inheritance, for their service
55,res of wheat, and ten thousand of barley. So much did t
61,en the children of Ammon saw that the Syrians were fled, they
69, As the LORD liveth, that hath redeemed my soul out of all distress, 
58,me: hear, and your soul shall live; and I will make an eve
66,r fear of the LORD, and for the glory of his majesty. 
The lofty l
58,s was thus: even the border of their inheritance on the ea
48,ld, that his wives turned away his heart after o
65, there was silence, and I heard a voice, saying, 
Shall mortal ma
65,ght of all the congregation. 
And Moses stripped Aaron of his gar
49,And God is able to make all grace abound toward y
48,ones, and they sat upon them, and judgment was g
51,dren of men;) 
That they may fear thee all the days
67,ities, even forty years, and ye shall know my breach of promise. 
I
71,shall prosper, sitting upon the throne of David, and ruling any more in
62,shew these my signs before him: 
And that thou mayest tell in 
63,oke rise up out of the city. 
And when the men of Israel retire
69,get you straw where ye can find it: yet not ought of your work shall 
55, a scab the crown of the head of the daughters of Zion,
65,is shoulders, rejoicing. 
And when he cometh home, he calleth tog
48,upon the hills, under oaks and poplars and elms,
72,r Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that
57,ake the king glad with their wickedness, and the princes 
68,in the most holy place. 
And thou shalt set the table without the va
59,on the throne of the kingdom. 
And moreover the king's serv
61,nswered and said, Master, I have brought unto thee my son, wh
48,nd every man's hallowed things shall be his: wha
51,red his ways before the LORD his God. 
Now the rest
68, labour to him? 
Wilt thou believe him, that he will bring home thy 
71,res in Aijalon, and in Shaalbim: yet the hand of the house of Joseph pr
65,ay,) that he give me Abishag the Shunammite to wife. 
And Bathshe
53,: we labour, and have no rest. 
We have given the han
58,ul and faithful high priest in things pertaining to God, t
59,gressors; and he bare the sin of many, and made intercessio
71,ide. 
The pastures are clothed with flocks; the valleys also are covere
61, prove them, whether they will walk in my law, or no. 
And it
67,aza with her towns and her villages, unto the river of Egypt, and t
60,ere? and whom hast thou here, that thou hast hewed thee out 
65, of hosts: 
According to the word that I covenanted with you when
59,, and Timothy our brother, unto the church of God which is 
71,pared them from destroying them, neither did I make an end of them in t
69, incense upon the hills, under oaks and poplars and elms, because the
65, because the days are evil. 
Wherefore be ye not unwise, but unde
53,wn the ark of the LORD: which stone remaineth unto th
72,the mount; and Moses went up. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Go down, ch
57, of the king's house, and there followed him a mess of me
65,wn flesh? 
Then shall thy light break forth as the morning, and t
49,of Shage the Hararite, 
Ahiam the son of Sacar th
67,sh. 
This their way is their folly: yet their posterity approve the
48,m. 
So Moses went down unto the people, and spak
69,
But of the cities of these people, which the LORD thy God doth give 
68,rous. 
Come ye near unto me, hear ye this; I have not spoken in secr
54,ave created him for my glory, I have formed him; yea, 
72,r shall surely be put to death. 
Or if he smite him with an hand weapon 
64,ke thyself fair; thy lovers will despise thee, they will seek th
52, me a penny, that I may see it. 
And they brought it
60,s altar. 
Then all the Midianites and the Amalekites and the
64,
And he said, Behold, I make a covenant: before all thy people I
52, spake unto Moses, saying, 
I have heard the murmuri
67,se of God, and cut in pieces the vessels of the house of God, and s
51,he LORD, and upon the inhabitants of Babylon, and u
69,ve not bid you to a feast, and ye be disposed to go; whatsoever is se
68,troyed cities; their memorial is perished with them. 
But the LORD s
49,is heavens shall drop down dew. 
Happy art thou, 
63,ch she bare unto Jacob in Padanaram, with his daughter Dinah: a
57,host of Judah. 
Their blood shall therefore return upon t
68, villages. 
This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of 
53, make him afraid on every side, and shall drive him t
62,secute you; if they have kept my saying, they will keep yours 
50,ny words there are also divers vanities: but fear 
63, adultress will hunt for the precious life. 
Can a man take fir
72,o great honour; but, lo, the LORD hath kept thee back from honour. 
And 
59,fore the LORD. 
And I will yet be more vile than thus, and 
58,im, a lion found him, and slew him. 
Then he found another
62, Amaziah king of Judah took advice, and sent to Joash, the son
68,to their children: 
That the generation to come might know them, eve
58,e soul that seeketh him. 
It is good that a man should bot
63, eat of their flesh, but ye shall have their carcases in abomin
66,: the priest shall pronounce him utterly unclean; his plague is in
70,o his burial, and made great lamentation over him. 
As for Saul, he ma
72,and of the congregation of Israel, for the tabernacle of witness? 
For t
67, thus saith the LORD to the men of Judah and Jerusalem, Break up yo
60,n up: for God is able to make him stand. 
One man esteemeth 
71,nts came; and when they saw that, behold, the doors of the parlour were
56, the people praise thee for ever and ever. 
God is our r
57, lift thou up thy rod, and stretch out thine hand over th
58,n which could have given life, verily righteousness should
52,and the diviners have seen a lie, and have told fals
48,the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus
61,he house of God, gave unto the priests for the passover offer
69,t I called upon thee: thou saidst, Fear not. 
O LORD, thou hast plead
59, children: 
Let them praise the name of the LORD: for his n
50,e. 
And Nadab and Abihu died before the LORD, when
61,or the press, because he was little of stature. 
And he ran b
69,drop sweet wine, and all the hills shall melt. 
And I will bring agai
52,e be not put out of Israel. 
And if the man like not
68,e, if there be pestilence, blasting, mildew, locust, or if there be 
67, the arrogancy of the proud to cease, and will lay low the haughtin
52, them. 
Therefore they turned their backs before the
59,ut when thou art bidden, go and sit down in the lowest room
69,de. 
And the priests brought in the ark of the covenant of the LORD u
60, ye to do with me, O Tyre, and Zidon, and all the coasts of 
53,'s sister: she is thy father's near kinswoman. 
Thou 
53,ve heard with our ears. 
And what one nation in the e
55,hreescore and ten years. 
Now in the first year of Cyru
70,to Egypt; and Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh, captain of the guard, a
52,a paved work of a sapphire stone, and as it were the
59,halt not lend upon usury: that the LORD thy God may bless t
59,ey shall shew forth my praise. 
But thou hast not called up
51,er time to say to them that were bidden, Come; for 
62,st year without spot, and two tenth deals of flour for a meat 
57,t to thee. 
Then came the messengers to Gibeah of Saul, a
60, thereof, and Ekron with the coast thereof. 
And the LORD wa
70,reat glory: but when the wicked rise, a man is hidden. 
He that covere
72,er, and broughtest forth water for them out of the rock for their thirst
53,nt and righteousness, and deliver the spoiled out of 
54,father bear the iniquity of the son: the righteousness
50,lorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God,
58, colour of amber, out of the midst of the fire. 
Also out 
65,ore will he be exalted, that he may have mercy upon you: for the 
50,e beset me round. 
They gaped upon me with their m
71,m I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that ye might know our aff
50,arly and latter rain. 
Be ye also patient; stablis
64, of the Amorites, which dwelt at Heshbon. 
So they smote him, an
61,shall devour you. 
And the people shall be as the burnings of
49,cometh to thine hand unto thy servants, and to th
56,ow me. 
For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: 
67,tter that I give her to thee, than that I should give her to anothe
64,thy corn, of thy wine, and of thine oil, and the first of the fl
61, begat Ahitub, 
And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Shall
72,of God, and knew the knowledge of the most High, which saw the vision of
61,ntered into Simon's house. And Simon's wife's mother was take
60,anded Moses concerning the Levites, so did they unto them. 

65,he chambers, where are the vessels of the sanctuary, and the prie
49,from the Almighty, do they that know him not see 
67, me to Gilgal, and I have not made supplication unto the LORD: I fo
51,haziah the son of Tikvah were employed about this m
62,temple asked an alms. 
And Peter, fastening his eyes upon him 
51,eba, and Dedan. 
And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and
70,hen Saul was king, thou wast he that leddest out and broughtest in Isr
50, the blade; and the fat closed upon the blade, so 
49, brought upon him: every man also gave him a piec
58,ver. 
And he said unto me, These sayings are faithful and 
56,the ministry of the saints,) 
That ye submit yourselves 
59,ght into the world, that whosoever believeth on me should n
67,and as soon as they which pursued after them were gone out, they sh
67, is come upon us, desolation and destruction. 
Mine eye runneth dow
66,e was sore: but they knew not that evil was near them. 
And the LO
72, be no leavened bread seen with thee in all thy coast seven days; neithe
56,aped of the nations: they have no knowledge that set up 
48,great waters, and thy footsteps are not known. 

55,edge is granted unto thee; and I will give thee riches,
69, Bashan have beset me round. 
They gaped upon me with their mouths, a
62, for why should he see your faces worse liking than the childr
52,nd scarlet: with cherubims of cunning work made he t
71,was begun among the people: and he put on incense, and made an atonemen
59,er man's conscience? 
For if I by grace be a partaker, why 
67,ed from Jericho, a great multitude followed him. 
And, behold, two 
69,ce: 
When they were but a few men in number; yea, very few, and stran
50,
And slew famous kings: for his mercy endureth for
54,aid, Now ye have consecrated yourselves unto the LORD,
71,all the words of this law that are written in this book, that thou maye
53,heard unto Laish, O poor Anathoth. 
Madmenah is remov
59,d Ruth the Moabitess, her daughter in law, with her, which 
55, unto the LORD; and a false balance is not good. 
Man's
56,th in the midst of thy camp, to deliver thee, and to giv
49,ve the earth, so great is his mercy toward them t
62,ou comest, anoint Hazael to be king over Syria: 
And Jehu the 
60,re. And the land was subdued before them. 
And there remaine
50,aven that is over thy head shall be brass, and the
64,loved brethren, be ye stedfast, unmoveable, always abounding in 
72, they had begun, and as Mordecai had written unto them; 
Because Haman t
51, heavens, and layeth the foundation of the earth, a
50,hou shalt sanctify unto the LORD thy God: thou sha
51, on his harness boast himself as he that putteth it
58, of Jesus saith unto him, They have no wine. 
Jesus saith 
52,enance for Israel, neither sheep, nor ox, nor ass. 

61,l be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee. 
Be s
52, mouth. 
Then said Paul unto him, God shall smite th
65,, saying, In thee shall all nations be blessed. 
So then they whi
72,o destroy the city: and the visions were like the vision that I saw by t
67,im, she fell down at his feet, saying unto him, Lord, if thou hadst
66,aineth of the offerings of the LORD made by fire, and eat it witho
50,to whom it was given to hurt the earth and the sea
63,a lion, on the right side: and they four had the face of an ox 
71,ithout wisdom. 
Call now, if there be any that will answer thee; and to
56,adiah took an hundred prophets, and hid them by fifty in
58,hen said Esther, If it please the king, let it be granted 
70, robbed me: but I have not forgotten thy law. 
At midnight I will rise
62,n to the LORD thy God. 
Neither shalt thou bring an abominatio
69,er the angel, and prevailed: he wept, and made supplication unto him:
59,ll be my son. 
But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the ab
60, is of the LORD: he is their strength in the time of trouble
62,h not one man of us. 
We have therefore brought an oblation fo
52,the punishment of the sin of Sodom, that was overthr
52,r the congregation, and for the altar of the LORD, e
57,but he would not hear them. 
But the king commanded Jerah
55,nto his steward, Call the labourers, and give them thei
59,ust; 
That it might cause fury to come up to take vengeance
59, 
So they ran both together: and the other disciple did out
66,th harrows of iron, and with axes. Even so dealt David with all th
56,buried him, that he spake to his sons, saying, When I am
59,ter, that thou hast forsaken the LORD thy God, and that my 
65,ge of gold of fifty shekels weight, then I coveted them, and took
61,oshua arose, and all the people of war, to go up against Ai: 
59,eople. 
Now set your heart and your soul to seek the LORD y
56,l he stand before the congregation for judgment, and unt
60,s, and soothsayers; 
Forasmuch as an excellent spirit, and k
51,nance, broken the everlasting covenant. 
Therefore 
59, are mine. 
If I were hungry, I would not tell thee: for th
59, feast of the passover, and the Son of man is betrayed to b
60,him privately, Why could not we cast him out? 
And he said u
65,loweth with milk and honey. 
Hear, O Israel: The LORD our God is 
50, 
Which in time past were not a people, but are no
57,d. 
So they came up to Baalperazim; and David smote them 
55,ople is foolish, they have not known me; they are sotti
48,at waters the seed of Sihor, the harvest of the 
56,nd he laid his hands on her: and immediately she was mad
62,ther's meat: but there shall be no stranger eat thereof. 
And 
71,Then I answered them, The word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Speak
58, Jephthah said unto the elders of Gilead, If ye bring me h
61,ith oil: of wheaten flour shalt thou make them. 
And thou sha
59,d they served other gods. 
And I took your father Abraham f
62, and testifying that this is the true grace of God wherein ye 
55,se are the garments which they shall make; a breastplat
72,e strange gods from among them, and served the LORD: and his soul was gr
68,edy shall lie down in safety: and I will kill thy root with famine, 
65,steps. 
And he brought me into the inner court toward the east: a
58,all the food of the seven years, which were in the land of
68,hath the seven heads and ten horns. 
The beast that thou sawest was,
58,veth it a body as it hath pleased him, and to every seed h
72, 
A man's belly shall be satisfied with the fruit of his mouth; and with
70,r to bring us unto Christ, that we might be justified by faith. 
But a
48,the hand of the LORD in the land of Egypt, when 
58,the purple from him, and put his own clothes on him, and l
65,h all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. 
T
58,un was risen upon the earth when Lot entered into Zoar. 
T
64,art greatly despised. 
The pride of thine heart hath deceived th
59,d the angel of God, which went before the camp of Israel, r
60,of small cords, he drove them all out of the temple, and the
57,ters; 
And the name of the star is called Wormwood: and t
63,e of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took forth out of the temple whi
48,e exercised in it. 
He hath made every thing bea
69,y kill the burnt offering shall they kill the trespass offering: and 
54,tfruits of the land, which thou, O LORD, hast given me
55, if God spared not the angels that sinned, but cast the
71,at of the peace offerings. 
The fire shall ever be burning upon the alt
51, them in the watches. 
And Jeshua begat Joiakim, Jo
65,re in the wilderness of Maon, in the plain on the south of Jeshim
59,on it shall be said, This and that man was born in her: and
51,
And all the Egyptians digged round about the river
50,ho subvert whole houses, teaching things which the
63,re than lovers of God; 
Having a form of godliness, but denying
61,n of Israel. 
And all the firstborn males by the number of na
48, that had been sick. 
And it came to pass the da
71,th God. 
For even hereunto were ye called: because Christ also suffered
64,f the one was Gershom; for he said, I have been an alien in a st
63,rted to his house. 
But when the multitudes saw it, they marvel
48,without ceasing I make mention of you always in 
54,ir the waste cities, the desolations of many generatio
53,abundantly before his death. 
Then he called for Solo
70,u, let it not be iniquity; yea, return again, my righteousness is in i
71,at are far from thee shall perish: thou hast destroyed all them that go
50,m from their purpose; and commanded that they whic
57,enth to Shecaniah, 
The eleventh to Eliashib, the twelfth
70,re also they made their sweet savour, and poured out there their drink
69,
And he made the ephod of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fi
53, in Gibeon, Amasa went before them. And Joab's garmen
66,ame: hear ye the rod, and who hath appointed it. 
Are there yet th
63,flesh. 
I am feeble and sore broken: I have roared by reason of
71,d saw a publican, named Levi, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he 
54,ife eternal. 
And it came to pass, when Jesus had fini
54,ning Jacob, that his adversaries should be round about
58, which thy servant did perversely the day that my lord the
59,avest unto our fathers to eat the fruit thereof and the goo
60,ke unto thee, which deliverest the poor from him that is too
56,ut they led him by the hand, and brought him into Damasc
69,ns like doves of the valleys, all of them mourning, every one for his
63,may hear it, and do it? 
But the word is very nigh unto thee, i
72, disorderly among you; 
Neither did we eat any man's bread for nought; b
64,of the king's work, offered willingly, 
And gave for the service
61,tly speak evil of me. 
For he that is not against us is on ou
71,lowed hard after them in the battle. 
So the LORD saved Israel that day
49, thirst, give him drink: for in so doing thou sha
64,hath he not given you rest on every side? for he hath given the 
63,twenty elders fell down before the Lamb, having every one of th
56,Our persecutors are swifter than the eagles of the heave
54,fted up their voices, saying in the speech of Lycaonia
67, them that trust in him. 
But with an overrunning flood he will mak
70,he LORD had delivered me into thine hand, thou killedst me not. 
For i
60,rlasting to everlasting: and let all the people say, Amen. P
72,aith unto him, Which? Jesus said, Thou shalt do no murder, Thou shalt no
70,, let it become a trap. 
Let their eyes be darkened, that they see not
52,ome to pass, that I shall do unto you, as I thought 
71,and reproach: the wall of Jerusalem also is broken down, and the gates 
59,s. 
And when they went, I heard the noise of their wings, l
50, the children of Israel in the plains of Moab by J
52,t the breast, they give suck to their young ones: th
68,me up against him: and they came to Judah and Jerusalem, and destroy
69,ld, here is my daughter a maiden, and his concubine; them I will brin
48,es away, he went up into a mountain apart to pra
51, of their father's house, to wit, of Tola: they wer
59, ability have redeemed our brethren the Jews, which were so
48,company died, what time the fire devoured two hu
53,ingdom, and sit on thrones judging the twelve tribes 
61, congregation, saying, 
Our father died in the wilderness, an
59,ll peace. 
Be it known unto the king, that we went into the
64,od, and in the palaces in the land of Egypt, and say, Assemble y
59, shall say in his heart, My lord delayeth his coming; 
And 
71,ragon, having seven heads and ten horns, and seven crowns upon his head
49,ought for the rest? 
Consider the lilies how they
50,n shall say to you, Lo, here is Christ; or, lo, he
62,rd mouth. 
He winketh with his eyes, he speaketh with his feet
55,he high priests, the word of God came unto John the son
62,e that will plead with me? for now, if I hold my tongue, I sha
48,thy face from thy servant; for I am in trouble: 
67,id unto Absalom, The counsel that Ahithophel hath given is not good
48, hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens
64,nto the castle, and told Paul. 
Then Paul called one of the cent
61,hraim, from the east side even unto the west side, a portion 
51,reaching the things concerning the kingdom of God, 
67,sire of the wicked that rise up against me. 
The righteous shall fl
65,hat did eat of the loaves were about five thousand men. 
And stra
48,r the LORD thy God will surely require it of the
55,it, and rejoice in Christ Jesus, and have no confidence
64,nd for a name, and for a praise, and for a glory: but they would
61,at when those Ephraimites which were escaped said, Let me go 
61,m thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members
51,ad fasted and prayed, and laid their hands on them,
61,before thee touching all the things whereof I am accused of t
52,how is Babylon become an astonishment among the nati
57,ess life. 
For he testifieth, Thou art a priest for ever 
66,the land that it was pleasant; and bowed his shoulder to bear, and
54,re in remembrance. 
For they have consulted together w
62,esire thy beauty: for he is thy Lord; and worship thou him. 
A
59, bring it to the priest, and the priest shall take his hand
48,counsel together against me, they devised to tak
59,und him in chains, and carried him to Babylon, and put him 
65,t there be dew. 
And God did so that night: for it was dry upon t
72,eads, all of them princes to look to, after the manner of the Babylonian
62,. 
And they shall fall by the edge of the sword, and shall be 
58,e third, Jekameam the fourth. 
Of the sons of Uzziel; Mich
60,l be holy to the LORD for the priest. 
And ye shall proclaim
54, the land: the time is come, the day of trouble is nea
69,n end of sins, and to make reconciliation for iniquity, and to bring 
60,a king is among them. 
God brought them out of Egypt; he hat
58,e may give thanks to thy holy name, and glory in thy prais
49,and, which we passed through to search it, is an 
57,thee, neither shall there any after thee have the like. 

64,one shall take you away with it. 
And ye shall know that I have 
54,e sea. 
For Pharaoh will say of the children of Israel
70,and slew them. 
Joshua made war a long time with all those kings. 
The
57,e field; and Saul said, What aileth the people that they 
50,ne inheritance, and thy children's for ever, becau
49, and righteousness. 
My fruit is better than gold
50,h before God. 
O LORD God of hosts, hear my prayer
68,ery thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I hav
70,en, and people as the sand which is on the sea shore in multitude: and
61,oks were opened: and another book was opened, which is the bo
49,s ministration they glorify God for your professe
48,l in the midst of their camp, round about their 
60,s the mire of the street, and did spread them abroad. 
Thou 
61,hey give not thee one, thou shalt be clear from my oath. 
And
65,of the bread, remain unto the morning, then thou shalt burn the r
70,repentance? 
But after thy hardness and impenitent heart treasurest up
51,she hath seen that the heathen entered into her san
62,y commandments are truth. 
Concerning thy testimonies, I have 
63, the law of God, neither indeed can be. 
So then they that are 
61,tenance is as Lebanon, excellent as the cedars. 
His mouth is
51, holy crown of pure gold, and wrote upon it a writi
68,ed and spake a parable, because he was nigh to Jerusalem, and becaus
56,el of land, which was our brother Elimelech's: 
And I th
66,esus answered and said unto them, Though I bear record of myself, 
72,ered burnt offerings and peace offerings, and called upon the LORD; and 
59,distributeth sorrows in his anger. 
They are as stubble bef
65,hen the king of Israel said, Take ye Micaiah, and carry him back 
64, LORD, the voice of Judah, and bring him unto his people: let hi
72,c was sporting with Rebekah his wife. 
And Abimelech called Isaac, and s
67,e armed soldiers of Moab shall cry out; his life shall be grievous 
54,should be for the singers, due for every day. 
And Pet
53, the son of Hezron begat children of Azubah his wife,
48, therefore took new ropes, and bound him therewi
60,from Shihor of Egypt even unto the entering of Hemath, to br
69, iniquity; and the earth shall rise up against him. 
The increase of 
57,ity; he shall surely live, he shall not die. 
None of his
64, spirits, and they do obey him. 
And immediately his fame spread
55,unto all men, especially unto them who are of the house
69,he coasts of Tyre and Sidon. 
And, behold, a woman of Canaan came out
53,r of his reign. 
And they buried him in his own sepul
56,lovingkindness, O thou that savest by thy right hand the
70,ot have sodden flesh of thee, but raw. 
And if any man said unto him, 
54,mer troubles are forgotten, and because they are hid f
55,e sons of Asaph. 
And the sons of Meshelemiah were, Zec
70,gain, O LORD God of hosts, cause thy face to shine; and we shall be sa
51,And the sons of Merari by their families; Mahli, an
68,of the people about three thousand men: and they fled before the men
63,and judgments. 
Now this is the copy of the letter that the kin
53,hall plant vineyards, and drink the wine thereof; the
62,d Abimelech said unto Abraham, What mean these seven ewe lambs
52,deliver us, and purge away our sins, for thy name's 
53,erry heart; for God now accepteth thy works. 
Let thy
52,s feet, and said, Surely a bloody husband art thou t
69,raim according to those that were numbered of them, thirty and two th
60,nd that which remaineth of the flesh and of the bread shall 
72,h in the name of the Lord. 
And Jesus went out, and departed from the te
69,thered together, Jesus asked them, 
Saying, What think ye of Christ? 
48, heaven, and consume them, even as Elias did? 
B
62, unto thine handmaid, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall 
59, with his arm; he hath scattered the proud in the imaginati
58,d with all precious and pleasant riches. 
A wise man is st
67, fool will swallow up himself. 
The beginning of the words of his m
48,her's eye. 
For a good tree bringeth not forth c
53,and the Canaanite and the Perizzite dwelled then in t
61,king, no not in thy thought; and curse not the rich in thy be
60,shall cause them that come of Jacob to take root: Israel sha
68,
I am my beloved's, and his desire is toward me. 
Come, my beloved, 
62,he LORD is among them: wherefore then lift ye up yourselves ab
55,rs prevail; and the mountains were covered. 
And all fl
52,into the temple to pray; the one a Pharisee, and the
64,A sound of a cry cometh from Babylon, and great destruction from
67,tion therewith, and the ark of the testimony, 
And the table and al
51, his wickedness. 
But I am like a green olive tree 
65,take Benjamin away: all these things are against me. 
And Reuben 
53,hy table. 
Behold, that thus shall the man be blessed
56,I took up the wine, and gave it unto the king. Now I had
68,which were by the sea, heard that the LORD had dried up the waters o
48,the LORD said unto her, Return to thy mistress, 
63,ghteousness as a mighty stream. 
Have ye offered unto me sacrif
53,ride, the Lamb's wife. 
And he carried me away in the
53,ght season: and my sinews take no rest. 
By the great
72,er was dashed in pieces upon her children. 
So shall Bethel do unto you 
62, beneath, and coupled together at the head thereof, to one rin
52, I them, saying, Obey my voice, and I will be your G
50, commandments are not grievous. 
For whatsoever is
67,id. 
And Abraham hastened into the tent unto Sarah, and said, Make 
63,s in the days of Claudius Caesar. 
Then the disciples, every ma
56,the first and the second ward, they came unto the iron g
59,n thee, and the power of the Highest shall overshadow thee:
62, ye women that are at ease; be troubled, ye careless ones: str
54,wservant fell down at his feet, and besought him, sayi
57,e stand to it, and say, I like not to take her; 
Then sha
51,thee; as a consuming fire he shall destroy them, an
71, 
And he said unto them, Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for a m
67,r gods to serve them, and ye shall dwell in the land which I have g
48,either will I turn back from it. 
The whole city
48,sus took him by the hand, and lifted him up; and
52,ou dost establish equity, thou executest judgment an
64,s, and hide it there in a hole of the rock. 
So I went, and hid 
62,ll we compare it? 
It is like a grain of mustard seed, which, 
71,eavened cakes, and for that which is baked in the pan, and for that whi
62,Josiah king of Judah, in the ninth month, that they proclaimed
72,, the foundations of the world were discovered, at the rebuking of the L
56,nd she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Becaus
71,ead, and quickeneth them; even so the Son quickeneth whom he will. 
For
52,m. 
The Jews then which were with her in the house, 
70,n his stead. 
Amon was two and twenty years old when he began to reign
55,ed upon the gallows, because he laid his hand upon the 
50, burnt offerings, and sacrificed peace offerings o
71,to Festus, I would also hear the man myself. To morrow, said he, thou s
63,rought in within the holy place: ye should indeed have eaten it
48,hey speak fair words unto thee. 
I have forsaken
50,sinned: do thou unto us whatsoever seemeth good un
57,hich are entered into thine house: for they be come to se
66, for it: for in the peace thereof shall ye have peace. 
For thus s
63,
And the child Samuel ministered unto the LORD before Eli. And 
58,ing up of Adummim, and descended to the stone of Bohan the
55,e found in the field, and shall not be brought home, th
52,d this trespass against the LORD: now ye have delive
72,with hunger. 
Then said the LORD unto Moses, Behold, I will rain bread f
66,either will I spare, neither will I repent; according to thy ways,
58,wn your images, and cast your carcases upon the carcases o
69,loins of them that rise against him, and of them that hate him, that 
68,r armies. 
Thou makest us to turn back from the enemy: and they whic
49,ay, Elias; and others say, that one of the old pr
72,ho didst drive out the inhabitants of this land before thy people Israel
68,oung men now arise, and play before us. And Joab said, Let them aris
58,d them fast; they refused to let them go. 
Their Redeemer 
57,I sing praise unto thee. 
I will worship toward thy holy 
66,ather the grapes thereof. 
Thine ox shall be slain before thine ey
70,he Lord GOD. 
But thou didst trust in thine own beauty, and playedst t
69,of of him, that, as a son with the father, he hath served with me in 
65, uttered ought out of her lips, wherewith she bound her soul; 
An
67,at thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast r
70,l, of pure gold. 
And he made the candlestick of pure gold: of beaten 
50,,) besought Pilate that their legs might be broken
72,, he put darkness between you and the Egyptians, and brought the sea upo
57,y seat with their wings, and their faces shall look one t
56,. 
For we brought nothing into this world, and it is cer
71,ent for the holy sanctuary, and he shall make an atonement for the tabe
49,that he wrought, are they not written in the book
51,heart deviseth his way: but the LORD directeth his 
50,. 
Then the king went on to Gilgal, and Chimham we
70,ly with reverence and godly fear: 
For our God is a consuming fire. 
L
60, men, and be crucified, and the third day rise again. 
And t
64,he doctrine of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees. 
When Jesus c
49, 
Now it came to pass, when they had heard the la
67,enty and two. 
The children of Arah, seven hundred seventy and five
64, tent of the testimony: and at even there was upon the tabernacl
66, Judah and Benjamin an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen men, 
58, the heart of man to man. 
Hell and destruction are never 
57,y let none of them remain or escape. 
And the king of Ai 
57, rulers. 
And I will render unto Babylon and to all the i
58, the ground. 
And now art thou cursed from the earth, whic
49,t of thy mouth; forasmuch as the LORD hath taken 
52,, than for that city. 
And they went out, and preach
60,eckoned by genealogy. And I found a register of the genealog
52,h prospered my way; send me away that I may go to my
48,out. 
And he made two chapiters of molten brass,
49,panion: 
And after Ahithophel was Jehoiada the so
67,the night? 
The watchman said, The morning cometh, and also the nig
48,ing upon them that fear him, and his righteousne
54,ned the wickedness of Nabal upon his own head. And Dav
66, the LORD with cymbals, with psalteries, and with harps, according
61, all saints; 
That the communication of thy faith may become 
63,r that cried, and the fatherless, and him that had none to help
57,hted, and supposed that they had seen a spirit. 
And he s
61,. 
And thou shalt make a covering for the tent of rams' skins
69,oud, yea, and all that do wickedly, shall be stubble: and the day tha
61,hath desired it for his habitation. 
This is my rest for ever
58,os lived ninety years, and begat Cainan: 
And Enos lived a
53,ness: and the Levites and the priests praised the LOR
50, truth. 
As thou hast sent me into the world, even
62,ho was in Egypt, whither he fled from the presence of Solomon 
62, were in Israel in the time of Eliseus the prophet; and none o
66,ce, saith the LORD, unto the wicked. 
Listen, O isles, unto me; an
59, from my strong enemy, and from them that hated me: for the
57,. 
Thou shalt not oppress an hired servant that is poor a
65,abominations out of all the countries that pertained to the child
65,nto the door of the house of Eliashib the high priest. 
After him
64,witness, blasphemies: 
These are the things which defile a man: 
54,n, and hast forgotten me, saith the Lord GOD. 
Behold,
60,Zibia, and Mesha, and Malcham, 
And Jeuz, and Shachia, and M
70,an. 
There is treasure to be desired and oil in the dwelling of the wi
67,t shall mourn for the men of Kirheres. 
O vine of Sibmah, I will we
59,imes, and a brother is born for adversity. 
A man void of u
53,o, as I, shall call, and shall declare it, and set it
54,hich worshipped God, heard us: whose heart the Lord op
54,f Ephraim shall be like a mighty man, and their heart 
59,: and my lips shall utter knowledge clearly. 
The spirit of
64,s of his kingdom, that they may gather together all the fair you
54,me seeds fell by the way side, and the fowls came and 
49,her or his mother, and saith, It is no transgress
70,all be afraid of the LORD our God, and shall fear because of thee. 
Wh
70,which we draw nigh unto God. 
And inasmuch as not without an oath he w
49, redeemed: every devoted thing is most holy unto 
49,ss of myself, my witness is not true. 
There is a
64,de unto thy brother, to thy poor, and to thy needy, in thy land.
54,he fourth captain for the fourth month was Asahel the 
50,indled against the people, and the LORD smote the 
72, LORD should deliver Jerusalem out of my hand? 
But they held their peac
59,d do all that I speak; then I will be an enemy unto thine e
56,s, which the LORD God of Israel had given: and the king 
61,nst the turning of the wall, and the tower which lieth out fr
65,id the wrong, Wherefore smitest thou thy fellow? 
And he said, Wh
60,ering, and his drink offering. 
And on the fifth day nine bu
57, the brasen altar that was before the LORD was too little
61,ng day: and also thou shalt read them in the ears of all Juda
59,hy father a kingdom, and majesty, and glory, and honour: 
A
54,hem, and make them an astonishment, and an hissing, an
50,uring fervently for you in prayers, that ye may st
71,h the King, whose name is the LORD of hosts. 
The calamity of Moab is n
68,God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus; 
Wh
69,d have not heard them. 
And, behold, a certain lawyer stood up, and t
53,he world; and bringeth forth fruit, as it doth also i
54, of the wheels, and of the pransing horses, and of the
62,aint to man? and if it were so, why should not my spirit be tr
58,y his power he brought in the south wind. 
He rained flesh
60,ght hundred years: and he begat sons and daughters: 
And all
62,nd with him, he cannot answer him one of a thousand. 
He is wi
51,y the way; for the sword of the enemy and fear is o
66,ab his son, Korah his son, Assir his son, 
Elkanah his son, and Eb
69,bs, and Mahanaim with her suburbs, 
And Heshbon with her suburbs, and
48, of your glory. 
The cities of the south shall b
67,y call them of his household? 
Fear them not therefore: for there i
67,ugh faith, received not the promise: 
God having provided some bett
65,e of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of t
51,ere is none inhabitant. 
I said, Surely thou wilt f
58,ker? 
Behold, he put no trust in his servants; and his ang
66,e items in the year all thy males shall appear before the LORD God
48,ing out at a window saw king David dancing and p
70,hem: thorns shall be in their tabernacles. 
The days of visitation are
66,lee from him: for they know not the voice of strangers. 
This para
61,er god: for the LORD, whose name is Jealous, is a jealous God
58,all reveal even this unto you. 
Nevertheless, whereto we h
63,nd one sea, and twelve oxen under the sea; 
And the pots, and t
53,s a shame even to speak of those things which are don
49,thee out of thine own house, and I will take thy 
64,when Moses' father in law saw all that he did to the people, he 
59,declare ye, tell this, utter it even to the end of the eart
57, there they shall die. 
And the men, which Moses sent to 
58, of the house, 
Saying, These last have wrought but one ho
49,ed, was thirty and eight years; until all the gen
65,vour in my sight. 
And it came to pass, when the evil spirit from
61,come. 
And when I come, whomsoever ye shall approve by your l
51,of gold, a thousand chargers of silver, nine and tw
59,The grass withereth, and the flower thereof falleth away: 

52,e blessed you out of the house of the LORD. 
God is 
60,hpeor, in the land of Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwelt 
61, sacrifice upon the mountains of Israel, that ye may eat fles
70,d above measure through the abundance of the revelations, there was gi
60, about to sail into Syria, he purposed to return through Mac
61,of thy righteous judgments. 
I am a companion of all them tha
55,d it; and shall desire to die, and death shall flee fro
64, thy word is settled in heaven. 
Thy faithfulness is unto all ge
67,habitants of Bethshemesh and of Bethanath became tributaries unto t
49, in his fists? who hath bound the waters in a gar
55,t now the astrologers, the stargazers, the monthly prog
66,is face continually. 
Remember his marvellous works that he hath d
65,aughters when they commit whoredom, nor your spouses when they co
62,d whom they have worshipped: they shall not be gathered, nor b
72, loved thee: therefore will I give men for thee, and people for thy life
48,e unto another: and the other five curtains he c
56,h of thee; and of him that taketh away thy goods ask the
72,d we fly away. 
Who knoweth the power of thine anger? even according to 
61,sh, they have not known me; they are sottish children, and th
49, entry. 
And Phinehas the son of Eleazar was the 
51,generations of Aaron and Moses in the day that the 
64, weapons of war: and they have laid their swords under their hea
68, bridegroom, 
And saith unto him, Every man at the beginning doth se
54,It hath pleased them verily; and their debtors they ar
62,h a thing heretofore. 
Woe unto us! who shall deliver us out o
69,m seven days: and so we went toward Rome. 
And from thence, when the 
64,ve removed their heart far from me, and their fear toward me is 
72,e shall be put apart seven days: and whosoever toucheth her shall be unc
48,s: I will also command the clouds that they rain
56, shall kill him. 
And Samson lay till midnight, and aros
64, on the one side, and the face of a young lion toward the palm t
56,ke; and the blessing of the LORD was upon all that he ha
71,hroughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying, 
Thus sa
70,ked put out! and how oft cometh their destruction upon them! God distr
55, Barjona: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto
63,after the law of righteousness, hath not attained to the law of
62,st in his stead shall put them on seven days, when he cometh i
71,and he took the ephod, and the teraphim, and the graven image, and went
66, from thy sight, but let them be overthrown before thee; deal thus
51,ent up to Jerusalem after the custom of the feast. 
64,cending and descending on it. 
And, behold, the LORD stood above
55,wisdom nor understanding nor counsel against the LORD. 
66,ainst Joash. 
And when they were departed from him, (for they left
65,d when it was told David, he gathered all Israel together, and pa
69, idols out of the land, and they shall no more be remembered: and als
70,ing disciples, we tarried there seven days: who said to Paul through t
60,them, all the while they were in Carmel. 
Ask thy young men,
62,mountain, and calleth unto him whom he would: and they came un
62,is hand in God. 
And he said unto him, Fear not: for the hand 
72,
Jerusalem is builded as a city that is compact together: 
Whither the t
60, I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through thine own name th
58,the son of the hated for the firstborn, by giving him a do
48,ne shall be taken, and the other shall be left. 
64,oken it. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will also destroy the idols
63,s increased, and bare up the ark, and it was lift up above the 
51,isit the transgressions of Israel upon him I will a
71,nd this is the place of him that knoweth not God. 
Then Job answered an
65,nd of Jerusalem; 
They shall be carried to Babylon, and there sha
66, while she yet talked with the king, Nathan the prophet also came 
61,ed, the lead is consumed of the fire; the founder melteth in 
62,im a purple robe, 
And said, Hail, King of the Jews! and they 
55,ame was Jarha. 
And Sheshan gave his daughter to Jarha 
66, unto him, How canst thou say, I love thee, when thine heart is no
62,ill give you, according as he hath promised, that ye shall kee
58,far off, he ran and worshipped him, 
And cried with a loud
55,the LORD, and repaired them. 
And he brought in the pri
55, came, and having heard them reasoning together, and pe
50,nd Gaham, and Thahash, and Maachah. 
And Sarah was
50,times appointed year by year, to burn upon the alt
50,; 
And that ye may teach the children of Israel al
66,he house of the women unto the king's house. 
In the evening she w
50,sus standing, and knew not that it was Jesus. 
Jes
68,e have they afflicted me from my youth, may Israel now say: 
Many a 
57,t offering: 
One kid of the goats for a sin offering: 
An
54,hat oppressed them and vexed them. 
And it came to pas
56, Jordan with the king, to conduct him over Jordan. 
Now 
59,Moses hid his face; for he was afraid to look upon God. 
An
72,ay a small round thing, as small as the hoar frost on the ground. 
And w
61,, and became as water. 
And Joshua rent his clothes, and fell
62,nterhouse in the ninth month: and there was a fire on the hear
53,he even. 
And every creeping thing that creepeth upon
72,
The kings of Tarshish and of the isles shall bring presents: the kings 
65, Leah answered and said unto him, Is there yet any portion or inh
71,d who shall disannul it? and his hand is stretched out, and who shall t
48, city, which was before the king's gate. 
And Mo
62,f them, when they go in, shall go in; and when they go forth, 
59,against eight hundred, whom he slew at one time. 
And after
60,aste, and ye run every man unto his own house. 
Therefore th
61,id, to salute him, and to bless him, because he had fought ag
72,id bring the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt by their armies
69,d, Let me go, for the day breaketh. And he said, I will not let thee 
65, the strange gods that are among you, and be clean, and change yo
72,en thou, at least in this thy day, the things which belong unto thy peac
62,o thee no wrong: didst not thou agree with me for a penny? 
Ta
54,iah the Nehelamite, and his seed: he shall not have a 
64,an arrow beyond him. 
And when the lad was come to the place of 
52,am's children, ye would do the works of Abraham. 
Bu
53,s a strong ass couching down between two burdens: 
An
70,hapiters of silver; and all the pillars of the court were filleted wit
66,rnt offering, and his meat offering, and their drink offerings, ac
54,eir soul from deceit and violence: and precious shall 
65,d of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment. 
F
52, spoken it. 
And the word of the LORD came unto me, 
51, with silver: 
Or as an hidden untimely birth I had
53,meadows of Gibeah. 
And there came against Gibeah ten
62, mine enemies. 
Give ear to my prayer, O God; and hide not thy
58,nd fine linen, and coral, and agate. 
Judah, and the land 
59,thyself, but shalt perform unto the Lord thine oaths: 
But 
72,and sat under the booths: for since the days of Jeshua the son of Nun un
51, of Israel did value; 
And gave them for the potter
53,easures of beaten wheat, and twenty thousand measures
70,him two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other
61,s come, and the measure of thy covetousness. 
The LORD of hos
58,e burdened: 
But by an equality, that now at this time you
54, stand strong: thou didst hide thy face, and I was tro
57,his proverb to cease, and they shall no more use it as a 
63,hout scarceness, thou shalt not lack any thing in it; a land wh
57,ne that declareth, yea, there is none that heareth your w
58, not, nor weep. For all the people wept, when they heard t
60,irit driveth him into the wilderness. 
And he was there in t
62,e of us: for we are not ignorant of his devices. 
Furthermore,
67, with the Philistines; and Elhanan the son of Jair slew Lahmi the b
57,se, born in the house, and bought with money of the stran
63, Chenaniah the master of the song with the singers: David also 
57,d have mercy upon me; give thy strength unto thy servant,
67,king, thy thoughts came into thy mind upon thy bed, what should com
63,d to us, so it was; me he restored unto mine office, and him he
51, foundation, and another buildeth thereon. But let 
67,onour thy father and thy mother, as the LORD thy God hath commanded
64,ere cometh a shower; and so it is. 
And when ye see the south wi
66,e are the commandments and the judgments, which the LORD commanded
64,h is in thee be not darkness. 
If thy whole body therefore be fu
54, that I should build him an house, save only to burn s
53,ll wait upon me, and on mine arm shall they trust. 
L
64, multitude pass by, he asked what it meant. 
And they told him, 
59,aim, and were sojourners there until this day.) 
And Jonath
70, gathered themselves together: yea, the abjects gathered themselves to
59,t arise? shall he turn away, and not return? 
Why then is t
62,hine abominations out of my sight, then shalt thou not remove.
66,n of Israel they have no inheritance. 
But the tithes of the child
70,prince. 
He that is slow to wrath is of great understanding: but he th
65,t thine is, and go thy way: I will give unto this last, even as u
52,hy lucre, but of a ready mind; 
Neither as being lor
65, shalt lay siege against it. This shall be a sign to the house of
58,twenty and four thousand. 
The seventh captain for the sev
50,e on them: for unto thee have I revealed my cause.
59, with the priests and the Levites concerning the heaps. 
An
64,nd David was greatly distressed; for the people spake of stoning
48,ore mine anointed for ever. 
And it shall come t
61,for him, like the burning of his fathers. 
Thirty and two yea
66,know that I am the LORD. 
Thus saith the Lord GOD; An evil, an onl
49,a multitude being at ease was with her: and with 
55, lie down until he eat of the prey, and drink the blood
49, had prepared. 
So the king and Haman came to ban
64,nd pourtray upon it the city, even Jerusalem: 
And lay siege aga
70,the voice of the Almighty God when he speaketh. 
And it came to pass, 
57,ing with God. 
All things were made by him; and without h
48,ffering; beside the continual burnt offering, an
61,are of full age, even those who by reason of use have their s
65, which were warriors, to fight against Israel, that he might brin
51,ut he touched me, and set me upright. 
And he said,
54,servants of Saul, and said, I saw the son of Jesse com
65,ity, and wept over it, 
Saying, If thou hadst known, even thou, a
59, whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour
71,, and gifts to the poor. 
And the Jews undertook to do as they had begu
58,ed in the land; 
The prophets prophesy falsely, and the pr
72, wonder. 
Then said I, Ah, Lord GOD! surely thou hast greatly deceived t
60,rth thine hand, and take it by the tail. And he put forth hi
48, holy men of God spake as they were moved by the
54,fter the children of Israel were come out of the land 
60,all generations; they call their lands after their own names
55, the LORD, and sat under an oak which was in Ophrah, th
70,hall not leave in thee one stone upon another; because thou knewest no
64,LORD of hosts. 
And in that day it shall come to pass, that the 
52,d. 
And he removed that day the he goats that were r
61,y love, till he please. 
The voice of my beloved! behold, he 
51, Dost thou now govern the kingdom of Israel? arise,
49,Philistines. 
And when his servants told David th
68,hey are offended. 
And these are they which are sown among thorns; s
62,r parts of the earth, with them that go down into the pit. 
Wh
64, God. 
What advantage then hath the Jew? or what profit is there
65,lak heard that Balaam was come, he went out to meet him unto a ci
60,roham, and Ishmael the son of Jehohanan, and Azariah the son
49,Son of man, these are the men that devise mischie
69,ou shalt be desolate, and thou shalt know that I am the LORD. 
Becaus
55,e priests there were found that had taken strange wives
63,ught algum trees and precious stones. 
And the king made of the
58,ce, which is by one man, Jesus Christ, hath abounded unto 
49,ouse shall depart, and his goods shall flow away 
72,gins unto Shushan the palace, to the house of the women, unto the custod
58,ishes: and their net brake. 
And they beckoned unto their 
65,ing of Judah, in the ninth month, that they proclaimed a fast bef
58,ve at Makkedah. 
And it was told Joshua, saying, The five 
61, sons of Carmi; Achar, the troubler of Israel, who transgress
58,ng, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golde
52,ich were found in the city; and the principal scribe
53,t their generations, and that they put upon the fring
67,ions, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies, 
Envyings, murders, drunk
50,arth, and upon all the fishes of the sea; into you
58,mber of the people unto the king: and there were in Israel
53, to the custom, as the duty of every day required; 
A
59,at I am the LORD, because they have been a staff of reed to
59,thicker than my father's loins. 
For whereas my father put 
55,urned. 
And the rulers knew not whither I went, or what
48,t up your heads, O ye gates; even lift them up, 
69,ily meat offering, and the anointing oil, and the oversight of all th
71,th there shall be five in one house divided, three against two, and two
53,ing in the army, as one that comforteth the mourners.
58,ls rejoice on every side. 
The pastures are clothed with f
64,one be cast down even at the sight of him? 
None is so fierce th
72,: abroad the sword bereaveth, at home there is as death. 
They have hear
72,he put them all together into ward three days. 
And Joseph said unto the
66,take the members of Christ, and make them the members of an harlot
48,t of righteousness into hemlock: 
Ye which rejoi
63, a woman sit upon a scarlet coloured beast, full of names of bl
71,we not receive evil? In all this did not Job sin with his lips. 
Now wh
52,hall come into the camp again. 
Thou shalt have a pl
63,ary with holding in: I will pour it out upon the children abroa
56,use of their fathers; 
From thirty years old and upward 
54,e outgoings of the border were at the north bay of the
56,nd all the people saw him walking and praising God: 
And
70,, there came much people by the way of the hill side behind him. 
And 
67,e the same care one for another. 
And whether one member suffer, al
64, people a feast of fat things, a feast of wines on the lees, of 
72,imes that went over him, and over Israel, and over all the kingdoms of t
51,red twenty and eight. 
The men of Bethazmaveth, for
55,in the wilderness, except thou make thyself altogether 
52,his house, and said, Is there any word from the LORD
70,ther. He that honoureth not the Son honoureth not the Father which hat
71,o the kingdom of God. 
And they were astonished out of measure, saying 
64, bread: and if thou wilt offer a burnt offering, thou must offer
56,here talk with thee. 
Then I arose, and went forth into 
56,s taketh Peter, James, and John his brother, and bringet
63,to Simon, Fear not; from henceforth thou shalt catch men. 
And 
48,e. 
Wherefore now rise up early in the morning w
49,ped like rams, and the little hills like lambs. 

49,n, lest the pursuers meet you; and hide yourselve
66, Lord GOD. 
The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying, 
Now,
51, pray unto thee toward this city which thou hast ch
49,l the valiant men, and took away the body of Saul
70,thine house? 
Did I then begin to enquire of God for him? be it far fr
50,of me the ordinances of justice; they take delight
57, in the sight of the Egyptians, so that they lent unto th
55,ters that were virgins apparelled. Then his servant bro
62,Wherefore the king said unto me, Why is thy countenance sad, s
70,e Horims also dwelt in Seir beforetime; but the children of Esau succe
54,you to the strong hold, ye prisoners of hope: even to 
53,is love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners
54,o the LORD. 
And when any will offer a meat offering u
55, Jesus. 
And when they had found him on the other side 
66,e. 
Can a woman forget her sucking child, that she should not have
67,hmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan: these were the sons of
57,cation, and to eat things sacrificed unto idols. 
And I g
63,d, and not evil, that ye may live: and so the LORD, the God of 
48,is in the hand of Ephraim, and the tribes of Isr
65,me love death. 
Wisdom hath builded her house, she hath hewn out 
72, of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of m
53,ll ye take for a prey unto yourselves: lay thee an am
51,hall be hid in the day of the LORD's anger. 
For Ga
65, field, be consumed therewith; he that kindled the fire shall sur
71,th man: 
My father peradventure will feel me, and I shall seem to him a
50,of the LORD, how long will it be ere thou be quiet
70,wash their clothes, 
And be ready against the third day: for the third
69,the oxen for the burnt offering were twelve bullocks, the rams twelve
52,ultitude, saith the Lord GOD. 
And it came to pass i
62,and Alameth. All these are the sons of Becher. 
And the number
62,t of him the nail, out of him the battle bow, out of him every
65,ies, till he came to Caesarea. 
And Saul, yet breathing out threa
70, were forty and three thousand and seven hundred and thirty. 
And the 
60,kness, as those that have been long dead. 
Therefore is my s
52,s rule, and nobles, even all the judges of the earth
71, me. 
And when the messengers of John were departed, he began to speak 
49,f, all that make sluices and ponds for fish. 
Sur
63,he captains of the host for the first month. 
And over the cour
68,tting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which w
48, 
That the residue of men might seek after the L
72, of the engraver, and of the cunning workman, and of the embroiderer, in
52,d the land of the Chaldeans; this people was not, ti
59,e kindness: for they kindled a fire, and received us every 
52,l pitch by his own standard, with the ensign of thei
53,n all his fat upon the altar, as the fat of the sacri
61,l bring upon Tyrus Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, a king of 
52, turned away backward, and justice standeth afar off
69,nto Babylon. 
But in the first year of Cyrus the king of Babylon the 
65,ewels; 
Storehouses also for the increase of corn, and wine, and 
50,oeth down into the valley, the Spirit of the LORD 
63, for ever: that then the house was filled with a cloud, even th
49,ons, rather than godly edifying which is in faith
56,he tribe of Benjamin to come near by their families, the
70,en shall ye know that I am the LORD, when their slain men shall be amo
50,is possession, which I have given you. 
And I comm
51,ent up on the breadth of the earth, and compassed t
50, one of Joab's men stood by him, and said, He that
48, border before Japho. 
And the coast of the chil
59,on it. 
And when Aaron lighteth the lamps at even, he shall
52,nd afterward Joshua smote them, and slew them, and h
72,pransings, the pransings of their mighty ones. 
Curse ye Meroz, said the
63,n they all: 
For all these have of their abundance cast in unto
50, all his ways; and the LORD was with him. 
Wherefo
55,sses that ear the ground shall eat clean provender, whi
72,ys under the clifts of the rocks? 
Among the smooth stones of the stream
66, to Abram, and said unto him, I am the Almighty God; walk before m
62,nd Judah, and according to the commandment of the king, saying
58,d, and saw the king and his servants coming on toward him:
59,o before the little chambers was one cubit on this side, an
55,s people Israel utterly to abhor him; therefore he shal
58,are everlasting. 
I saw the tents of Cushan in affliction:
65,portunity, let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who 
69,nsgressions: for my name is in him. 
But if thou shalt indeed obey hi
49,
Behold, the princes of Israel, every one were in
48,of Paul? 
I thank God that I baptized none of yo
50,im, and took of the spirit that was upon him, and 
50,
So that thou shalt be mad for the sight of thine 
53, the king bade, saying, Come again to me on the third
56, and the name of the other Puah: 
And he said, When ye d
49,And the flesh of them shall be thine, as the wave
50, of fools proclaimeth foolishness. 
The hand of th
72, she arose. 
Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child by their fat
63,cause, and spoil the soul of those that spoiled them. 
Make no 
68,And so did they with the oxen. 
And they roasted the passover with f
70,s despised, and hath a servant, is better than he that honoureth himse
67,his ways. 
Thou hast commanded us to keep thy precepts diligently. 
64,Caiaphas, 
And consulted that they might take Jesus by subtilty,
67, unto the LORD, and said, I pray thee, O LORD, was not this my sayi
55, truth: I being in the way, the LORD led me to the hous
71, is dead; trouble not the Master. 
But when Jesus heard it, he answered
54,ys, and they brought him near before him. 
And there w
57,
Blessed are they that dwell in thy house: they will be s
70,y ways, but have been partial in the law. 
Have we not all one father?
65, the LORD God of Israel gave the kingdom over Israel to David for
54,he vine, Come thou, and reign over us. 
And the vine s
62,, my sons are with you: and I have walked before you from my c
64, the wrath of the LORD kindled against his people, insomuch that
54, of compassion, and righteous. 
A good man sheweth fav
51,gaged our lands, vineyards, and houses, that we mig
60,l pour out my fury upon them, to accomplish my anger against
53,reof, and set up the doors thereof, and the locks the
57,hold, thou hast made the heaven and the earth by thy grea
66,hen shall I know that ye are no spies, but that ye are true men: s
62, poor: the LORD will deliver him in time of trouble. 
The LORD
53, old paths, where is the good way, and walk therein, 
58,vants did strike him with the palms of their hands. 
And a
66,ing among thy cattle, whether ox or sheep, that is male. 
But the 
72,ve heard a cry of destruction. 
Flee, save your lives, and be like the h
59, weave the spider's web: he that eateth of their eggs dieth
70,t in thee: let me not be ashamed, let not mine enemies triumph over me
63,thee behind me, Satan: thou art an offence unto me: for thou sa
51,of Jozadak, and his brethren the priests, and Zerub
55,therefore we take up corn for them, that we may eat, an
62,ey return, but not to the most High: they are like a deceitful
60,he LORD. 
And Hazor shall be a dwelling for dragons, and a d
62,to cut off the children from without, and the young men from t
59,they prepared them, 
And brought in the offerings and the t
67,titude of thy riches and of thy merchandise. 
In the time when thou
53,mptation; but deliver us from evil. 
And he said unto
55, 
And the king hath sent with him Zadok the priest, and
72,be rent asunder, and Noph shall have distresses daily. 
The young men of
49,dgad. 
And they went from Horhagidgad, and pitche
62,he powers of heaven shall be shaken. 
And then shall they see 
58,d, Let there be now an oath betwixt us, even betwixt us an
68,the LORD is righteous, and I and my people are wicked. 
Intreat the 
68,he tribe of Judah: 
And I have filled him with the spirit of God, in
71,nto his brethren, I am Joseph; doth my father yet live? And his brethre
68,l: but he that is of a merry heart hath a continual feast. 
Better i
59,el, to turn away this day from following the LORD, in that 
65, armies: and the captain of the children of Reuben shall be Elizu
62,d them that regard lying vanities: but I trust in the LORD. 
I
67,ren of Israel, until we have brought them unto their place: and our
54, the Son of man shall be betrayed unto the chief pries
56,ve dominion; his dominion shall be a great dominion. 
An
71,oeth not, is like a man that without a foundation built an house upon t
50,the poor that cried, and the fatherless, and him t
59, he hath cast the lot for them, and his hand hath divided i
66,ord of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, I have broken t
56,he men of Gilead said unto him, Art thou an Ephraimite? 
51,e? I pray thee hide it not from me: God do so to th
61,my voice. 
So Abraham returned unto his young men, and they r
66,ere is a vanity which is done upon the earth; that there be just m
48, he called Abimelech. 
And Gideon the son of Joa
67,und in every thing, in faith, and utterance, and knowledge, and in 
48, not ye against the LORD, neither fear ye the pe
57,d as one gathereth eggs that are left, have I gathered al
70,old of us, and pain, as of a woman in travail. 
Go not forth into the 
66,, and smite the city with the edge of the sword. 
And the king's s
66, tempteth he any man: 
But every man is tempted, when he is drawn 
67, Adam, and he slept: and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the
68,e way that he shall choose. 
His soul shall dwell at ease; and his s
65,the fruit of the land, ye shall keep a feast unto the LORD seven 
54,eek: 
Which was well reported of by the brethren that 
58,he son of perdition; that the scripture might be fulfilled
64,ill, he sinneth not: let them marry. 
Nevertheless he that stand
