1000
56,f one man sin against another, the judge shall judge him
71,he same hath not the Father: he that acknowledgeth the Son hath the Fat
59,ilver, and one hundred priests' garments. 
So the priests, 
58,he doors were opened, and every one's bands were loosed. 

56,shall turn from me. Behold, I will plead with thee, beca
55,ee sabbath days reasoned with them out of the scripture
50,hy hair is as a flock of goats that appear from Gi
65,unto them, But now, he that hath a purse, let him take it, and li
61,ve talents: behold, I have gained beside them five talents mo
51,disciples began, as they went, to pluck the ears of
66,egat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judas and his b
55,and said, Like as the LORD of hosts thought to do unto 
65,losed in ouches of gold, graven, as signets are graven, with the 
53,n I said, I will not make mention of him, nor speak a
53,h, Azariah, Raamiah, Nahamani, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mis
61,he trespass offering which we shall return to him? They answe
49,
Saul also and his men went to seek him. And they
72,hed according to the language of every people. 
After these things, when
62,in the land of Egypt, and the LORD thy God redeemed thee: ther
63,d Pharaoh said unto all the Egyptians, Go unto Joseph; what he 
72,r in the ears of Jeremiah the prophet. 
Then came the word of the LORD u
51,elf with his face toward the ground; 
And he said, 
66,n the length of it and in the breadth of it; for I will give it un
63, of the LORD is pure, enlightening the eyes. 
The fear of the L
56,y people to forget my name by their dreams which they te
48,ittites, and the Hivites, and the Perizzites, an
72,the world shall rejoice: and ye shall be sorrowful, but your sorrow shal
56,er side. 
And likewise a Levite, when he was at the plac
59,id. But sin, that it might appear sin, working death in me 
48,dultery, Do not kill, Do not steal, Do not bear 
63,ther, or for son, or for daughter, for brother, or for sister t
52,ed and said unto her, Martha, Martha, thou art caref
50,ORD, a wicked counsellor. 
Thus saith the LORD; Th
53,he built an altar before it; and Aaron made proclamat
67,y for the ransomed to pass over? 
Therefore the redeemed of the LOR
63,r measure, that is, of other men's labours; but having hope, wh
68,bs, but I shall shew you plainly of the Father. 
At that day ye shal
72, the everlasting arms: and he shall thrust out the enemy from before the
66, went their way, and found the colt tied by the door without in a 
70, top of the mount. 
And no man shall come up with thee, neither let an
57,vineyard, which was in Jezreel, hard by the palace of Aha
53,ommanded Moses, so the children of Israel did, and th
55,ed away captive of the Jews seven hundred forty and fiv
51,, or as a busybody in other men's matters. 
Yet if 
55,ee. 
He hoped also that money should have been given hi
58,Daniel, and said, Of a truth it is, that your God is a God
67,ls, and the snuffers, and the basons, and the spoons, and the cense
62,with fire. 
For God hath put in their hearts to fulfil his wil
48,this day, in the place which he should choose. 

63,of thy womb. 
And whence is this to me, that the mother of my L
65,n, and shall not be quenched. 
Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the 
63,(For he had commanded the unclean spirit to come out of the man
53,and a measuring reed; and he stood in the gate. 
And 
52,he land of Jazer, and the land of Gilead, that, beho
54,ider mine affliction, and deliver me: for I do not for
50,eyes shall behold her: now shall she be trodden do
48,vants in the ships. But Jehoshaphat would not. 

52, or this work be of men, it will come to nought: 
Bu
71,i, Eliashib, Mattaniah, and Jeremoth, and Zabad, and Aziza. 
Of the son
51,e congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hand
62,es, saying, 
When thou takest the sum of the children of Israe
53,aith the Lord GOD; The city that went out by a thousa
56,oh. 
And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, I have dreamed a drea
56,ing, Give me also this power, that on whomsoever I lay h
65,ngs out of that coast were at the sea: this shall be your south c
52,sire is, that the Almighty would answer me, and that
56, season to rejoice in his light. 
But I have greater wit
48,command that one of the birds be killed in an ea
60,e accounts unto them, and the king should have no damage. 
T
62,avid's heart smote him, because he had cut off Saul's skirt. 

55,hich are not, to bring to nought things that are: 
That
63,he land. 
We see not our signs: there is no more any prophet: n
51,ld mean. 
And they asked him, saying, Why say the s
66,, that they may see all thy nakedness. 
And I will judge thee, as 
53,e thou hast caused all this evil to come upon them: 

59,ehubbah, and Aram. 
And the sons of his brother Helem; Zoph
63,, Wisdom is better than strength: nevertheless the poor man's w
54, abominable; it shall not be accepted. 
Therefore ever
62,e, and say unto thee, Declare unto us now what thou hast said 
56, he hale thee to the judge, and the judge deliver thee t
64,he idols of Canaan: and the land was polluted with blood. 
Thus 
66, place of thy name to the ground. 
They said in their hearts, Let 
57, perdition of ungodly men. 
But, beloved, be not ignorant
64,in judgment, and in lovingkindness, and in mercies. 
I will even
50, shed; and hast defiled thyself in thine idols whi
67,d take them out thence; and though they be hid from my sight in the
51,I will therefore chastise him, and let him go. 
And
68,his your fathers have blasphemed me, in that they have committed a t
54,r of the ground. 
And in process of time it came to pa
59,nquired of the LORD, saying, Shall I go and smite these Phi
65,et to take the children's bread, and to cast it unto the dogs. 
A
58,own in the evening: for the LORD their God shall visit the
65, curses in a book, and he shall blot them out with the bitter wat
55, is in their house. 
All the brethren greet you. Greet 
57,whoredoms. 
Thou hast also committed fornication with the
63,e thou heed that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad. 
A
52,, Jesus of Nazareth. 
Jesus answered, I have told yo
51,and Nathan begat Zabad, 
And Zabad begat Ephlal, an
53,e dead raised up? and with what body do they come? 
T
60,hall Tychicus declare unto you, who is a beloved brother, an
51,ined; whereof he hath given assurance unto all men,
67,d unto her, Let me drink, I pray thee. 
And she made haste, and let
66, against thee, and shall turn again to thee, and confess thy name,
62,
And they said unto Joshua, Truly the LORD hath delivered into
58,ny remaining in his dwellings. 
They that come after him s
62,e mighty works do shew forth themselves in him. 
For Herod had
50,r let her take thee with her eyelids. 
For by mean
59,ry living thing, and all the cattle that was with him in th
70, God of Israel; Behold, I will cause to cease out of this place in you
53, the well of Harod: so that the host of the Midianite
60,upon the housetops, which withereth afore it groweth up: 
Wh
60,ine, Abner took him, and brought him before Saul with the he
53, the LORD caused him to rest: so didst thou lead thy 
53,Shechem for an hundred pieces of silver: and it becam
59,kind, 
And the little owl, and the cormorant, and the great
69,e, let us mind the same thing. 
Brethren, be followers together of me
49,y not be remembered among the nations. 
And I wil
69, of the valley, and to see whether the vine flourished and the pomegr
59,her, shall surely be put to death. 
And if men strive toget
68,y, whom the LORD hath not defied? 
For from the top of the rocks I s
63,assed the time appointed. 
As I live, saith the King, whose nam
48,s written according to all the words, which the 
64, should we then make mirth? it contemneth the rod of my son, as 
65,emiah and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest to the prophet
56,ar record, yea, and beyond their power they were willing
70,ath given us of his Spirit. 
And we have seen and do testify that the 
68,irit of the beast that goeth downward to the earth? 
Wherefore I per
62,as so, when Gideon heard the telling of the dream, and the int
49,andmaid saw not the young men of my lord, whom th
63,p thyself, and awake to my judgment, even unto my cause, my God
62,es. 
For he will not lay upon man more than right; that he sho
52,o be thy God, and to walk in his ways, and to keep h
54,s hands upon him: and the children of Israel hearkened
60, forty years? was it not with them that had sinned, whose ca
62,Joab, Come near hither, that I may speak with thee. 
And when 
62,s day life and good, and death and evil; 
In that I command th
70, am one that bear witness of myself, and the Father that sent me beare
50,y abound to every good work: 
(As it is written, H
53,ord sprang out of Juda; of which tribe Moses spake no
51,l dwelt among the Canaanites, Hittites, and Amorite
70,spirit hath not flesh and bones, as ye see me have. 
And when he had t
61,towns without walls for the multitude of men and cattle there
62,nd they will shew thee. Wherefore let the young men find favou
68,ried thee? testify against me. 
For I brought thee up out of the lan
71,lites that were with Saul and Jonathan. 
Likewise all the men of Israel
53, he commanded you to perform, even ten commandments; 
72,w him that he was a goodly child, she hid him three months. 
And when sh
56,e Philistine, he said unto Abner, the captain of the hos
59, that giveth her not in marriage doeth better. 
The wife is
72,bundant grace might through the thanksgiving of many redound to the glor
53,d down their enemies in the mire of the streets in th
58,anies deliver thee; but the wind shall carry them all away
55, 
That is, They which are the children of the flesh, th
67, the word of righteousness: for he is a babe. 
But strong meat belo
60,gether, and lay them down in their dens. 
Man goeth forth un
52,y, Here I am. If thou take away from the midst of th
53, the border of their inheritance was unto Sarid: 
And
52,ll things, and before Christ Jesus, who before Ponti
71, out to withstand thee, because thy way is perverse before me: 
And the
62,house of Judas for one called Saul, of Tarsus: for, behold, he
61,t he that is married careth for the things that are of the wo
62,he LORD standeth up to plead, and standeth to judge the people
54,and the heavens dropped, the clouds also dropped water
69,Lie with me. 
But he refused, and said unto his master's wife, Behold
67,nd time Joseph was made known to his brethren; and Joseph's kindred
71, unto his father and to his mother, I have not seen him; neither did he
59,all his wondrous works. 
Glory ye in his holy name: let the
56, elders of the people, and laid before their faces all t
49,, of the tribe of Judah: 
And his offering was on
57,cy endureth for ever. 
To him that stretched out the eart
53,d other money have we brought down in our hands to bu
72,for we are many. 
And he besought him much that he would not send them a
58,ple that were with him assembled themselves, and they came
56, springs of Pisgah. 
And Moses called all Israel, and sa
54,f any say, I have sinned, and perverted that which was
56,unto them which expounded the riddle. And his anger was 
68,you spiritual things, is it a great thing if we shall reap your carn
59, Hazarenan to Shepham: 
And the coast shall go down from Sh
69,h in the court. And the king said, Let him come in. 
So Haman came in
71, contentious and an angry woman. 
There is treasure to be desired and o
54,we the love of God, because he laid down his life for 
69,iles thou art in the way with him; lest at any time the adversary del
58,us two bullocks; and let them choose one bullock for thems
63, and said, Belteshazzar, let not the dream, or the interpretati
58, and unto Aholibah, the lewd women. 
And the righteous men
49,e for war. 
I will lift up mine eyes unto the hil
63, prepare war against him. 
Therefore night shall be unto you, t
54,God and his Father; to him be glory and dominion for e
56,ne of them is broken. 
Evil shall slay the wicked: and t
60,ay his wife, and marrieth another, committeth adultery: and 
62, betwixt himself and Jacob: and Jacob fed the rest of Laban's 
62,em that were over and above them that were redeemed by the Lev
67, LORD answered him not, neither by dreams, nor by Urim, nor by prop
61,and forgive the sin of thy servants, and of thy people Israel
60,nd looked, and behold a man running alone. 
And the watchman
57,al man be more just than God? shall a man be more pure th
60,nd chariots, and slaves, and souls of men. 
And the fruits t
63,gth, O arm of the LORD; awake, as in the ancient days, in the g
61,f your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginnin
57,nd I will bring upon that land all my words which I have 
54,, in reproaches, in necessities, in persecutions, in d
67,vered, but the land shall be desolate. 
Or if I bring a sword upon 
63,; and they were smitten before Israel. 
And the men of Israel w
50,sides the cakes, he shall offer for his offering l
64,amentation, and bitter weeping; Rahel weeping for her children r
68,tabernacle for ever: I will trust in the covert of thy wings. Selah.
59,hould be afraid, and do so, and sin, and that they might ha
65,e cried out, and fell down before him, and with a loud voice said
61,arius, and in the reign of Cyrus the Persian. 
In the first y
72,God which thou didst send come again unto us, and teach us what we shall
67,ests and the Levites the weight of the silver, and the gold, and th
71, upon the golden altar they shall spread a cloth of blue, and cover it 
66,aid unto the king, My lord, O king, the iniquity be on me, and on 
53, bowels shall sound like an harp for Moab, and mine i
70,er for an evil report, that they might reproach me. 
My God, think tho
56,e priest shall look on him: and, behold, if the scall be
52, lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering: 
One 
53,and if of judgment, who shall set me a time to plead?
50,se is left unto you desolate: and verily I say unt
70,at your love may abound yet more and more in knowledge and in all judg
71,ORD of hosts. 
And he dealt among all the people, even among the whole 
50,rld hath blinded the minds of them which believe n
51, man hath seen the Father, save he which is of God,
64,im according to the deserving of his hands; 
(For my father foug
52, let Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet anoint 
70, to unloose: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire: 

50,e not asked at my mouth; to strengthen themselves 
56,doctrine which is according to godliness; 
He is proud, 
61, against me, they devised to take away my life. 
But I truste
54,ave an end. 
And they said, Lord, behold, here are two
51,thin me; my heart within me is desolate. 
I remembe
66, of all thine abominations. 
Therefore the fathers shall eat the s
65,and he shall set forth a great multitude; but the multitude shall
51,nt go down to the grave. 
Therefore they say unto G
55,n to the disciples at the sea of Tiberias; and on this 
68,ied Ibzan, and was buried at Bethlehem. 
And after him Elon, a Zebul
68,And God did so that night: for it was dry upon the fleece only, and 
64,founded for your own ways, O house of Israel. 
Thus saith the Lo
68,orsaken thy covenant, thrown down thine altars, and slain thy prophe
68,nd keep his way, and he shall exalt thee to inherit the land: when t
51,God, and did not intend to go up against them in ba
72,i he said, Let thy Thummim and thy Urim be with thy holy one, whom thou 
62,unto them that were his heirs, saith the LORD. 
Howl, O Heshbo
54,at I had wings like a dove! for then would I fly away,
69,omore trees with frost. 
He gave up their cattle also to the hail, an
63,saving that every one put them off for washing. 
And there was 
52, shall be replenished, now she is laid waste: 
There
58,hot through; whether it be beast or man, it shall not live
59,o set forward the work of the house of the LORD. 
Then stoo
71,mmediately Jesus stretched forth his hand, and caught him, and said unt
66,: let all the inhabitants of the land tremble: for the day of the 
49,himself; so hath he given to the Son to have life
65,ven for an inheritance unto your fathers. 
But I said, How shall 
65,n the chief priests therefore and officers saw him, they cried ou
54,ou enemy of all righteousness, wilt thou not cease to 
60,hepherds. 
But Mary kept all these things, and pondered them
52,Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, all the Egyptians 
67,erness. 
And the king put Benaiah the son of Jehoiada in his room o
69,ng it to pass; I have purposed it, I will also do it. 
Hearken unto m
71,ach and her towns, and the inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns, even t
65,f yourselves: it is the gift of God: 
Not of works, lest any man 
70,f the breadth thereof. 
And he made two cherubims of gold, beaten out 
48,n the way; a lion is in the streets. 
As the doo
70,ssed on by the king's commandment. And the decree was given at Shushan
70,ified. 
But I am poor and needy: make haste unto me, O God: thou art m
55,k Jeremiah the prophet, saying, Thou fallest away to th
61, shall become a multitude of nations. 
And he blessed them th
57,d speaking vanity; 
And if thou draw out thy soul to the 
54,e gave it her, and came in unto her, and she conceived
68,a? 
Hath not the same Hezekiah taken away his high places and his al
63,r that Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon had carried away captive 
72,have sinned against him, and he have cast them away for their transgress
70,nd it shall be satiate and made drunk with their blood: for the Lord G
62,rother, casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers. 
An
71,Shouldest not thou also have had compassion on thy fellowservant, even 
64,he city, and Absalom came into Jerusalem. 
And when David was a 
52,yal apparel of blue and white, and with a great crow
61,able than his brethren: and his mother called his name Jabez,
70,ye be come to betray me to mine enemies, seeing there is no wrong in m
66,e with clefts. 
Shall horses run upon the rock? will one plow ther
54,hlehem: twelve cities with their villages. 
This is th
63,his anointed. 
Save thy people, and bless thine inheritance: fe
60,Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I remember that which Amalek d
52, his LORD return unto him. 
When Ephraim spake tremb
52, LORD God, and that thou hast turned their heart bac
56,and thy children, and thy children's children, and thy f
56,ass, that as he cried, and they would not hear; so they 
61,ied, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead. 
And Samlah
53,d none of you shall go out at the door of his house u
53, of Edom, before there reigned any king over the chil
67,e crown of thy head. 
Hast thou not procured this unto thyself, in 
70, thee; the desire of our soul is to thy name, and to the remembrance o
60, time to mourn, and a time to dance; 
A time to cast away st
53,es were with him: and he asked them, saying, Whom say
69,the law the same also? 
For it is written in the law of Moses, thou s
55, will promote thee unto very great honour, and I will d
51,m, saying, Behold now, the words of the prophets de
50, fire: 
Whose fan is in his hand, and he will thro
48, of the bullock for the sin offering; the fat th
62,s daughter came up out of the city of David unto her house whi
54,er the compass thereof beneath unto the midst of it. 

48,ive it thee. 
And he sware unto her, Whatsoever 
59, in the days of thy youth, and I will establish unto thee a
72,pass through to smite the Egyptians; and when he seeth the blood upon th
67,ee my face no more. 
And it came to pass when we came up unto thy s
71,nward, and bear fruit upward: 
For out of Jerusalem shall go forth a re
52,he sea; and it should obey you. 
But which of you, h
62,, and moved him to jealousy with their graven images. 
When Go
55,herefore thou shalt deal kindly with thy servant; for t
49,inst thee. 
And he shall set engines of war again
72,edom, and all his household. 
And it was told king David, saying, The LO
57,hou also, and let thy foreskin be uncovered: the cup of t
59,: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare
71,thee a watchman unto the house of Israel: therefore hear the word at my
67,ents, in tumults, in labours, in watchings, in fastings; 
By purene
65,e hath this man these things? and what wisdom is this which is gi
61,ur words. 
The first shall say to Zion, Behold, behold them: 
67,e hand of David. 
Therefore David ran, and stood upon the Philistin
57,mmuned with the chief priests and captains, how he might 
67,things that he saw. 
Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear
50,meat in due season? 
Blessed is that servant, whom
67,herefore they were stronger than we; but let us fight against them 
62,distress, I say, that it is good for a man so to be. 
Art thou
48,r may be glorified in the Son. 
If ye shall ask 
57,by it he being dead yet speaketh. 
By faith Enoch was tra
51,. 
Then Joshua built an altar unto the LORD God of 
62,w his sword, and struck a servant of the high priest's, and sm
61, and spread ground corn thereon; and the thing was not known.
50,ng, Take the kings away, every man out of his plac
62,and went his way: thus Esau despised his birthright. 
And ther
50,hen him: for he shall go over before this people, 
49,rein they minister; for they are holy; and shall 
51,m he taught the men of Succoth. 
And he beat down t
65,se countries: and they offered burnt offerings thereon unto the L
65,seh; Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur. 
Of Benjamin; Abidan the son o
66,ut, and cast it from thee: it is better for thee to enter into lif
54,u canst not make one hair white or black. 
But let you
53,ll, but I could not discern the form thereof: an imag
48,od, and his righteousness; and all these things 
68,him, because he had fought against Hadadezer, and smitten him: for H
57,s thou hast done, which hast despised the oath in breakin
68,d was buried in one of the sepulchres of his fathers. And all Judah 
60,el, and I shall be next unto thee; and that also Saul my fat
50,for a season. 
Now I rejoice, not that ye were mad
70, am Jesus of Nazareth, whom thou persecutest. 
And they that were with
60,tery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, shall fall down
52,hall not be cut off. 
Thus saith the LORD, Keep ye j
65,ion before the LORD, and will return every one from his evil way:
60, the ark of the covenant, saying, When ye are come to the br
71,purge, and to make them white, even to the time of the end: because it 
72,e were also two other, malefactors, led with him to be put to death. 
An
52,y beloved may be delivered: save with thy right hand
57,cob said to Simeon and Levi, Ye have troubled me to make 
53,d five hundred. 
And the suburbs of the city shall be
65,erve their gods, it will surely be a snare unto thee. 
And he sai
71,ad, and his armour, and sent into the land of the Philistines round abo
48, six cubits broad, and the third was seven cubit
53,aid, Swear to me this day; and he sware unto him: and
51,ith us to battle, lest in the battle he be an adver
51,hat I shall be justified. 
Who is he that will plea
51,for then was it better with me than now. 
For she d
50,ny: fear was on every side: while they took counse
54,is none occasion of stumbling in him. 
But he that hat
66,e truth. 
Unto the pure all things are pure: but unto them that ar
54,he wicked. 
And righteousness shall be the girdle of h
51,ing, 
You only have I known of all the families of 
60,ed your flocks, and the sons of the alien shall be your plow
63, that went up out of the captivity, of those that had been carr
66, transgressed against me: for their worm shall not die, neither sh
60,in your sight, saith the LORD. 
Behold, I am against thee, O
71,nd Nymphas, and the church which is in his house. 
And when this epistl
63,ge gods, then he will turn and do you hurt, and consume you, af
53,ns, thou hast wearied me with thine iniquities. 
I, e
59,hereof shall Aaron and his sons eat: with unleavened bread 
55,ou shalt be clear from my oath. 
And I came this day un
61,ye have been with me from the beginning. 
These things have I
55, separate place, and which was before the building towa
67,And the saying pleased the whole multitude: and they chose Stephen,
59, trust. 
For had ye believed Moses, ye would have believed 
60,nging at the door of the tabernacle. 
And he put the altar o
57,d, as the heart of David his father. 
Nevertheless for Da
52,e inheritance of the children of Simeon: for the par
72,RD loveth judgment, and forsaketh not his saints; they are preserved for
70,hose me before all the house of my father to be king over Israel for e
65, the blind, and we grope as if we had no eyes: we stumble at noon
55,
Now therefore, behold, the Lord bringeth up upon them 
69,nd they answered, that they could not tell whence it was. 
And Jesus 
63,ers to Timnath, he and his friend Hirah the Adullamite. 
And it
70,nd have crucified him. 
But we trusted that it had been he which shoul
64,and drink blood till ye be drunken, of my sacrifice which I have
68, plagued the people, because they made the calf, which Aaron made. 

64,eat before him to eat: but he said, I will not eat, until I have
69, my refuge, my saviour; thou savest me from violence. 
I will call on
68,ll his multitude, saith the Lord GOD. 
And it came to pass in the tw
49, make of thee a greater nation and mightier than 
52,Jerusalem. 
And he charged them, saying, Thus shall 
72,er against his house. 
After them repaired Zadok the son of Immer over a
57,part among you; for the priesthood of the LORD is their i
53,the oppression of the enemy? 
O send out thy light an
66,life. 
But many that are first shall be last; and the last shall b
68,en; 
The lord of that servant will come in a day when he looketh not
64,fore them the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, and gaves
49, exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, an
70,l of it, unto the LORD. 
And the remainder thereof shall Aaron and his
58,oodly vessels thereof. 
And them that had escaped from the
52, of swarms of flies, and also the ground whereon the
67, Surely this great nation is a wise and understanding people. 
For 
60,irepans: all the vessels thereof made he of brass. 
And he m
55,royal law according to the scripture, Thou shalt love t
48, have said unto you. 
Peace I leave with you, my
65,t, for a testimony of those things which were to be spoken after;
69, of king Josiah. 
And the children of Israel that were present kept t
65,n the midst of mine house. 
And furthermore, that ye have sent fo
65, a staff of reed to the house of Israel. 
When they took hold of 
64,came Jews; for the fear of the Jews fell upon them. 
Now in the 
49,t clouts and old rotten rags, and let them down b
62,our doings, and dwell in the land that the LORD hath given unt
54, because of the blindness of their heart: 
Who being p
48,m with bread and water? 
And now thou sayest, Go
64,tify thy power mightily. 
For the LORD hath turned away the exce
67,the LORD. 
Also Edom shall be a desolation: every one that goeth by
68,to me in the wilderness. 
And Pharaoh said, Who is the LORD, that I 
66,tles: and when they had prayed, they laid their hands on them. 
An
54,eateth any manner of blood; I will even set my face ag
64,tay long in the place of the breaking forth of children. 
I will
59,o much bread in the wilderness, as to fill so great a multi
64, accomplished in that day before thee. 
But I will deliver thee 
50,e no fear was: for God hath scattered the bones of
64,fter seventy years be accomplished at Babylon I will visit you, 
59,lips, O LORD, thou knowest. 
I have not hid thy righteousne
54, thou canst not see; and abundance of waters cover the
70, that he might not suffer any to go out or come in to Asa king of Juda
53, and half a time, from the face of the serpent. 
And 
60,ying, The Hebrew servant, which thou hast brought unto us, c
56,And the priest shall wave them for a wave offering befor
70,upport the weak, and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how he s
49,nce, with the fat of the peace offerings, and the
66, 
All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants, were 
49,hear him. 
And on the morrow, when Agrippa was co
69,ead, and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places, 
Far a
55,here was again a battle with the Philistines at Gob: th
51, cattle are perplexed, because they have no pasture
66,to the king, Now the LORD thy God add unto the people, how many so
57,ruth with all your heart: for consider how great things h
49,r them also among the heathen, whom neither they 
68,. 
And fear came on all that dwelt round about them: and all these s
58,iled by violence, hath not restored the pledge, and hath l
54,er, the son of David, king in Jerusalem. 
Vanity of va
68,appear to Manoah and to his wife. Then Manoah knew that he was an an
50,, 
Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil 
72,o prove thee, to know what was in thine heart, whether thou wouldest kee
56,abernacle of the congregation, and reigned over Israel. 
68,orth thy wrath, which consumed them as stubble. 
And with the blast 
69,, and stood over the cherubims. 
And the cherubims lifted up their wi
48,ht them out of the land of Egypt: I am the LORD 
65,y were created. 
And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and 
52,orship them: 
Then will I cut off Israel out of the 
55, brim of it like the work of the brim of a cup, with fl
50,im, It is written again, Thou shalt not tempt the 
57,er and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with 
64,or the wickedness of them that dwell therein? the beasts are con
62,alem, and because they thought that the kingdom of God should 
71, to them that walk therein: 
I the LORD have called thee in righteousne
69,d seven hundred; 
And Zadok, a young man mighty of valour, and of his
64,ye evil in your hearts? 
For whether is easier, to say, Thy sins
49, even to Bethel, unto the place where his tent ha
49, the herds, which they drave before those other c
67,of God, and laid it upon the ass, and brought it back: and the old 
60,id Eliakim and Shebna and Joah unto Rabshakeh, Speak, I pray
67,ur winds of heaven; and not to his posterity, nor according to his 
59, I have driven them, saith the LORD of hosts. 
Moreover tho
71, more for your sins. 
And I will break the pride of your power; and I w
55,d thou gavest them me; and they have kept thy word. 
No
63,etween blood and blood, between law and commandment, statutes a
51,, but unto holiness. 
He therefore that despiseth, 
65, the king, and his counsellors, and before all the king's mighty 
54,leys, and in all the coasts of the great sea over agai
71,winnoweth barley to night in the threshingfloor. 
Wash thyself therefor
54,od hath done unto us? 
And they came unto Jacob their 
52,se daughter art thou? tell me, I pray thee: is there
69,reth in the earth shall swear by the God of truth; because the former
66,m Kadesh, and pitched in mount Hor, in the edge of the land of Edo
66,company, and shall reproach you, and cast out your name as evil, f
66,he inhabitants of Jerusalem; so shall my fury be poured forth upon
54,b. 
This he ordained in Joseph for a testimony, when h
69,f my salvation, I have cried day and night before thee: 
Let my praye
72,rength, every one of them in Zion appeareth before God. 
O LORD God of h
58, sprinkled dust upon their heads toward heaven. 
So they s
53,in? or despise ye the church of God, and shame them t
69,etray him. 
And the first day of unleavened bread, when they killed t
49,est, straightway ye say, There cometh a shower; a
54, of Elihu, the son of Tohu, the son of Zuph, an Ephrat
72,im a mist and a darkness; and he went about seeking some to lead him by 
64, her husband was not with her. 
And the woman made haste, and ra
49, gift, and take upon us the fellowship of the min
54,eading is upon the poor, and ye take from him burdens 
52,ard the south: and he measured the posts thereof and
70,, so that they began to sink. 
When Simon Peter saw it, he fell down a
61,asked his disciples, saying unto them, Whom do men say that I
54,nisters of my God: for the meat offering and the drink
53,dges, then the LORD was with the judge, and delivered
61,y her husband, and be married to another, she committeth adul
48, the city that men call The perfection of beauty
62,him. 
But Festus answered, that Paul should be kept at Caesare
48,arted, being recommended by the brethren unto th
66,slain. 
So Michal let David down through a window: and he went, an
51,d: and there was the hiding of his power. 
Before h
59,ought, where there was no water; who brought thee forth wat
52,nd none shall make thee afraid; yea, many shall make
57,no more offering for sin. 
Having therefore, brethren, bo
51,s. 
And he put the staves into the rings on the sid
54,afflicted. 
So Solomon thrust out Abiathar from being 
66,rumaph, even over against his house. And next unto him repaired Ha
54,numbered of them, even of the tribe of Judah, were thr
67,he ark. 
And Noah builded an altar unto the LORD; and took of every
50,
After that, he was seen of James; then of all the
66,il, as though they would enquire somewhat of him more perfectly. 

53, Mushi; Mahli, and Eder, and Jeremoth, three. 
These 
64,or his natural force abated. 
And the children of Israel wept fo
51,ptains, and with them with shield and spear thirty 
56,minister unto the LORD, are the sons of Aaron, and the L
68,a man of God, which was by the chamber of the princes, which was abo
69,l field. 
And the work of righteousness shall be peace; and the effec
61,hall ye burn with fire: thou shalt not desire the silver or g
63,ing, Why hast thou written therein, saying, The king of Babylon
57, upon their enemies. Is not this written in the book of J
64,. And the two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, the priests of t
51,lowship of his Son Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Now I be
67,
And Aaron shall bear the names of the children of Israel in the br
65,ave all the captains charge concerning Absalom. 
So the people we
49, Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up; and they sto
64,rd and the battle out of the earth, and will make them to lie do
60, 
For there are some eunuchs, which were so born from their 
63,th him, saying, Fight ye not with small or great, save only wit
65, to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in hi
71,of two years; so that all they which dwelt in Asia heard the word of th
65,ginning of sorrows. 
Then shall they deliver you up to be afflict
62, shower to come down in his season; there shall be showers of 
55,d they covet fields, and take them by violence; and hou
67,e to deliver thee, saith the LORD. 
Then the LORD put forth his han
52,mes, were separated, and sat down in the first day o
66,unto the LORD now in the presence of all his people. 
Precious in 
68,cing was as to devour the poor secretly. 
Thou didst walk through th
57,es, and see what is this that goeth forth. 
And I said, W
57,Israel with him, to seek David in the wilderness of Ziph.
54,ugh we have rebelled against him; 
Neither have we obe
71,manded Moses. 
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto Aaron
55, unto him, Go, and do thou likewise. 
Now it came to pa
68,towns thereof: 
And by the borders of the children of Manasseh, Beth
65,y should thy servant dwell in the royal city with thee? 
Then Ach
68, onyx stones, and stones to be set, glistering stones, and of divers
65, Lord GOD; Because ye are all become dross, behold, therefore I w
61,crifices unto devils, after whom they have gone a whoring. Th
52, of this people turn again unto their lord, even unt
58,o the LORD. 
Go therefore now, and work; for there shall n
70,der the hand of Israel. And the land had rest fourscore years. 
And af
51,dah in the day of their destruction; neither should
62,y men shall fall by the sword, and thy mighty in the war. 
And
62,nt; 
And spared not the old world, but saved Noah the eighth p
63,re the wounds of a friend; but the kisses of an enemy are decei
49,e mouth, and draw out the tongue? are ye not chil
61, a sanctuary; that I may dwell among them. 
According to all 
69,infinite. 
The LORD lifteth up the meek: he casteth the wicked down t
61,eof, an hundred and forty and four cubits, according to the m
68,lish the border of the widow. 
The thoughts of the wicked are an abo
54, to their brethren: then they returned to Samaria. 
At
48,f the host of the Philistines this day unto the 
55,dwell therein: and his bishoprick let another take. 
Wh
52,ed over and above unto them that had eaten. 
Then th
61,serpent; for they shall march with an army, and come against 
62,t in a journey, and forbeareth to keep the passover, even the 
56,riptures, nor the power of God. 
For in the resurrection
50,the sweet, and send portions unto them for whom no
67,places of Jerusalem: for the LORD hath comforted his people, he hat
70,ands of the wild ass? 
Whose house I have made the wilderness, and the
69,never see light. 
Man that is in honour, and understandeth not, is li
58, the name of the LORD; and they shall be afraid of thee. 

48,er, after the manner: 
And one kid of the goats 
55, The LORD sent me to anoint thee to be king over his pe
49,e had much cattle, both in the low country, and i
69,ohn bare witness of him, and cried, saying, This was he of whom I spa
70,ghty, with coals of juniper. 
Woe is me, that I sojourn in Mesech, tha
56,bread in mine hand, or what there is present. 
And the p
60,ness which is of faith speaketh on this wise, Say not in thi
69,hich are called unto the marriage supper of the Lamb. And he saith un
54,n mocketh another, do ye so mock him? 
He will surely 
62,selves. 
And they spake unto him, saying, No; but we will bind
55, they will keep the way of the LORD to walk therein, as
60, but were eyewitnesses of his majesty. 
For he received from
62,no God. Corrupt are they, and have done abominable iniquity: t
65,nd they that are far off shall come and build in the temple of th
59,hom the LORD, and this people, and all the men of Israel, c
70,his wisdom, are they not written in the book of the acts of Solomon? 

61,ow, which was published throughout all Judaea, and began from
50, of Judah; They shall not lament for him, saying, 
59,d of Israel: now therefore we may not touch them. 
This we 
72, into hell: for wickedness is in their dwellings, and among them. 
As fo
70,n of Israel. 
For he built again the high places which Hezekiah his fa
65, marriage doeth well; but he that giveth her not in marriage doet
69,the way of the hill side behind him. 
And Jonadab said unto the king,
61,ye shall offer them unto the LORD: but they shall not be burn
53,e Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, th
68, than the first. 
Pilate said unto them, Ye have a watch: go your wa
71,essed be the LORD God of our fathers, which hath put such a thing as th
66,he house of the LORD. 
And the house which king Solomon built for 
67, gate of heaven. 
And Jacob rose up early in the morning, and took 
48,all your adversities and your tribulations; and 
64, the people this parable; A certain man planted a vineyard, and 
67,cometh unto the disciples, and findeth them asleep, and saith unto 
52,orrah, even as the garden of the LORD, like the land
67,d up in Babylon. 
And there was found at Achmetha, in the palace th
70, that which ye have trodden with your feet; and they drink that which 
51,ands; and I fed the flock. 
Three shepherds also I 
52,d be gone; and bless me also. 
And the Egyptians wer
54, the prophet was shut up in the court of the prison, w
63,th: and Ham is the father of Canaan. 
These are the three sons 
56,t gold. 
The throne had six steps, and the top of the th
49, hand, that I may smite thee and thy people with 
59,ans. 
And Solomon determined to build an house for the name
60,hesus, what man is there that knoweth not how that the city 
64,s mother called Mary? and his brethren, James, and Joses, and Si
64,d out. 
There is no peace, saith the LORD, unto the wicked. 
Lis
64,e man rose up to depart, his father in law urged him: therefore 
64,p, he shall do well. 
Howbeit Jesus spake of his death: but they
63,not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain: for the earth sha
57,d there shall meet thee three men going up to God to Beth
61,yet the deadness of Sarah's womb: 
He staggered not at the pr
55,the LORD's anointed is before him. 
But the LORD said u
51,st darkness come upon you: for he that walketh in d
66,which were in the house of the LORD of hosts, and to the prophets,
64, presence of all his people. 
In the courts of the LORD's house,
59,od, 
Edom, and Moab, and the children of Ammon, 
And all th
53,, and the innocent shall stir up himself against the 
54,nd understanding, and give thee charge concerning Isra
64,vering; (for he is faithful that promised;) 
And let us consider
71, perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away. 
When 
55, these, seeing I have lost my children, and am desolate
48,arch, but upon all these. 
Yet thou sayest, Beca
49,e days of Josiah the son of Amon, king of Judah. 
61,he thick boughs, and his heart is lifted up in his height; 
I
63,, Would God that we had died when our brethren died before the 
51,e LORD, thou shalt offer for the meat offering of t
55,on the ground. 
And Araunah said, Wherefore is my lord 
72,d he be jealous of his wife, and she be not defiled: 
Then shall the man
48,abomination; it shall not be eaten. 
Whatsoever 
48,hereof. 
And thou shalt set in it settings of st
50,ke to Pharaoh king of Egypt, to bring out the chil
70,day before Saul came, saying, 
To morrow about this time I will send t
48,srael, and the land which thou hast given us, as
50,our the palaces of Benhadad. 
I will break also th
50, there was of the house of Saul a servant whose na
50,e people of the land. 
O LORD, righteousness belon
69,ir own shame; wandering stars, to whom is reserved the blackness of d
57,at faith is come, we are no longer under a schoolmaster. 
70,ter them will I go. 
As the thief is ashamed when he is found, so is t
64, of him. 
And some of them would have taken him; but no man laid
69,nd twenty elders fall down before him that sat on the throne, and wor
65,row: for thus saith the LORD God of Israel, There is an accursed 
58,
But the man that shall touch them must be fenced with iro
67,el out of Egypt, even to this day, but have walked in a tent and in
58,four cities. 
And out of the half tribe of Manasseh, Tanac
56,im: so the man took his concubine, and brought her forth
55,atter from the beginning, and expounded it by order unt
48,hich I delighted not. 
Hear the word of the LORD
60,u art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair; thou hast doves'
51,ses, See, I have made thee a god to Pharaoh: and Aa
55,ner of Jerusalem. 
And in every several city of Judah h
48,kness. 
The wise man's eyes are in his head; but
58,t down from above:) 
Or, Who shall descend into the deep? 
51,for the gift bestowed upon us by the means of many 
57,unto the LORD; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for
67,l in thy land, lest they make thee sin against me: for if thou serv
67, will shew who are his, and who is holy; and will cause him to come
61,e cities which the LORD overthrew, and repented not: and let 
55,: but he that goeth out, and falleth to the Chaldeans t
66, LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, Nebuchadrezzar king of Ba
51,ot utter it, then he shall bear his iniquity. 
Or i
57,ouse heavy and displeased, and came to Samaria. 
And it c
58,d Israel all the days of his life. 
And he went from year 
70,his perfect soundness in the presence of you all. 
And now, brethren, 
63,bruising thy teats by the Egyptians for the paps of thy youth. 
61,hat are equal. 
Thou hast proved mine heart; thou hast visite
57,: praise him upon the high sounding cymbals. 
Let every t
49,cometh, ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD. 
Al
72, that these hands have ministered unto my necessities, and to them that 
52,the fatherless, the stranger, nor the poor; and let 
50,to me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kin
66, for her bowels yearned upon her son, and she said, O my lord, giv
65,ay wherein I walked have they privily laid a snare for me. 
I loo
50,from Asher to Michmethah, that lieth before Sheche
64,d thee each day for a year. 
Therefore thou shalt set thy face t
67, the LORD, he it is that doth go before thee; he will be with thee,
72,For the punishment of the iniquity of the daughter of my people is great
59, able to keep that which I have committed unto him against 
64, the Syrians of Zoba, twenty thousand footmen, and of king Maaca
58,e, and there is not a second; yea, he hath neither child n
60,hath despised thee, and laughed thee to scorn; the daughter 
51,t thou the high priest so? 
Jesus answered him, If 
61,, the children of Shalmai, 
The children of Hanan, the childr
68,ey trembled: the overflowing of the water passed by: the deep uttere
60,od; the breath of the LORD, like a stream of brimstone, doth
71,s host was Elizur the son of Shedeur. 
And over the host of the tribe o
53,and; and thou shalt do to him as thou didst unto Siho
60,, to make an atonement for him; and it shall be forgiven him
50,st go: for ye have not passed this way heretofore.
71,as one breaketh a potter's vessel, that cannot be made whole again: and
62,t his servant Joshua, the son of Nun, a young man, departed no
64,ed to bring the book of records of the chronicles; and they were
72,ll the cattle, and the spoil of the cities, we took for a prey to oursel
48,om my mother's belly. 
Be not far from me; for t
60,to the grave. 
And the famine was sore in the land. 
And it 
69,in the bosom of the Father, he hath declared him. 
And this is the re
59,inual meat offering, and for the continual burnt offering, 
48,be moved. 
A virtuous woman is a crown to her hu
58,ared in her height with the multitude of her branches. 
Bu
64,ORD; bring forth your strong reasons, saith the King of Jacob. 

72,r, and lie with her, and they be found; 
Then the man that lay with her 
62,and they hanged Haman's ten sons. 
For the Jews that were in S
58,f the LORD which thou hast spoken. He said moreover, For t
51, the copy of king Artaxerxes' letter was read befor
68,a his son, 
Bukki his son, Uzzi his son, Zerahiah his son, 
Meraioth
55,e that hideth counsel without knowledge? therefore have
68,crooked. 
He was unto me as a bear lying in wait, and as a lion in s
72,He that overcometh, the same shall be clothed in white raiment; and I wi
51,the arches thereof round about, like those windows:
59,est: 
Who shall offer it before the LORD, and make an atone
64,d him. 
And it was about the space of three hours after, when hi
67, God, command that these stones be made bread. 
But he answered and
60,ard. 
And for the sides of the tabernacle westward thou shal
53,ire, wanting nothing. 
If any of you lack wisdom, let
67, in heaven for you, 
Who are kept by the power of God through faith
70, they shall see the smoke of her burning, 
Standing afar off for the f
62,ith him Aholiab, the son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan: an
48,mbers as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin
64,ll made us afraid, saying, Their hands shall be weakened from th
62,ch is in the bosom of the Father, he hath declared him. 
And t
57,there, in the fortieth year after the children of Israel 
72,s way: thus Esau despised his birthright. 
And there was a famine in the
72,ne with his weapons: and they shall cut down thy choice cedars, and cast
50, mallows by the bushes, and juniper roots for thei
52, will not be afraid of ten thousands of people, that
71,by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God, ye have taken, and
72,the Spirit and of power: 
That your faith should not stand in the wisdom
72,g to the heart? 
Who can number the clouds in wisdom? or who can stay th
62,lk every one in the name of his god, and we will walk in the n
57, and spake, saying, Would God that we had died when our b
52,e against thee from beyond the sea on this side Syri
53,breath, and breathe upon these slain, that they may l
67,him at Ramah, when he fought with Hazael king of Syria. And Azariah
69,herd covered with silver dross. 
He that hateth dissembleth with his 
61,the houses of the high places which are in the cities of Sama
49,e males among the priests, and to all that were r
59,ers, of all that move in the waters, and of any living thin
54,ard the voice of his words, then was I in a deep sleep
54,ng the ward at the thresholds of the gates. 
These wer
63,w they lay with the women that assembled at the door of the tab
72, the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his ap
58,rge, unto a land flowing with milk and honey; unto the pla
56, it in order for me, since I appointed the ancient peopl
58,the ears of David. And David said, Seemeth it to you a lig
64,orah his son, Assir his son, 
Elkanah his son, and Ebiasaph his 
59,that bear witness of myself, and the Father that sent me be
51,e, will I cast out of my sight, and will make it to
63,hand of the oppressor: and do no wrong, do no violence to the s
72,bitants of the isle; thou whom the merchants of Zidon, that pass over th
61,use he knoweth that he hath but a short time. 
And when the d
49,framed together groweth unto an holy temple in th
61,go to the other side before unto Bethsaida, while he sent awa
69,found him in the temple, sitting in the midst of the doctors, both he
50,fteen years. 
And I will deliver thee and this cit
53,the things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifi
65,in his times he shall shew, who is the blessed and only Potentate
58,? 
And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ,
52,e as ye are, and bless you, as he hath promised you!
61,h the LORD did choose out of all the tribes of Israel, to put
67,ers in the waters: who maketh the clouds his chariot: who walketh u
62,'s beam; and his spear's head weighed six hundred shekels of i
50, have, and give alms; provide yourselves bags whic
71,at, and not have enough: they shall commit whoredom, and shall not incr
67, ought ye to have done, and not to leave the other undone. 
Woe unt
57,mained fled to the mountain. 
And they took all the goods
61,that make mention of the LORD, keep not silence, 
And give hi
51, your prophets, nor to your diviners, nor to your d
50,fied him, they parted his garments, casting lots u
71,e transgressions of the children of Ammon, and for four, I will not tur
52,h not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm. 
Mo
48,ngest is this day with our father, and one is no
55,ty and vexation of spirit. 
Yea, I hated all my labour 
48, LORD was fallen upon them. 
Then David went ove
55,saying, Alas, alas that great city, wherein were made r
54,the tail. 
For the leaders of this people cause them t
66,nd the king said unto Zadok, Carry back the ark of God into the ci
56, this lewdness above all thine abominations. 
Behold, ev
62,the mountain the whole limit thereof round about shall be most
66, his heads the name of blasphemy. 
And the beast which I saw was l
54,: and the priest shall make an atonement for him as co
68,an: and then shall ye return every man unto his possession, which I 
64,him, Thus saith the LORD, Choose thee 
Either three years' famin
72,their life over to the pestilence; 
And smote all the firstborn in Egypt
48, you for evil, and to cut off all Judah. 
And I 
51,ame up against Jerusalem, and took away the treasur
49, hold up my face to Joab thy brother? 
Howbeit he
50,f his foreskin. 
In the selfsame day was Abraham c
64,shall bring thee into the land of the Canaanites, and the Hittit
72,om David and Samuel the seer did ordain in their set office. 
So they an
63,. 
Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordin
50,me we should let them slip. 
For if the word spoke
48, which is committed unto me according to the com
57,s slay them, and hold themselves not guilty: and they tha
70,s according to the number of them all: for Job said, It may be that my
51,ssions are many, and their backslidings are increas
56,Jordan eastward. 
And Moses said unto them, If ye will d
50,ruch before them, saying, 
Thus saith the LORD of 
72, God, that with well doing ye may put to silence the ignorance of foolis
70,rstanding; 
To receive the instruction of wisdom, justice, and judgmen
49,bel, governor of Judah, saying, I will shake the 
53,ings: so shall the LORD do unto all the kingdoms whit
54,, except thou make thyself altogether a prince over us
62,hildren of Israel. 
This is the portion of the anointing of Aa
59,o stedfastly beholding him, and perceiving that he had fait
72, unto the will of them that hate thee, the daughters of the Philistines,
69,the LORD commanded me. 
And the children of Israel took their journey
64,art righteous: 
And didst see the affliction of our fathers in E
66,d again into the camp: but his servant Joshua, the son of Nun, a y
64,ures of the kings of Judah will I give into the hand of their en
54, to bear witness against him, saying, Thou didst blasp
48,sters, and all they that had been of his acquain
69,, and encamped against the fenced cities, and thought to win them for
66,fteenth day of the same, yearly, 
As the days wherein the Jews res
56,sing, and a curse; as it is this day; 
Pharaoh king of E
71,so last unto them, saying, They will reverence my son. 
But those husba
67,at night, and slew them there. 
And Saul built an altar unto the LO
63,de of the armed men that were in the host. 
And the Midianites 
62,ces were at Zoan, and his ambassadors came to Hanes. 
They wer
49, bless me. 
And Isaac said unto his son, How is i
70,D thy God hath given unto thee, and unto thine house, thou, and the Le
56, me up, and brought me in a vision by the Spirit of God 
55,in this wilderness; and all that were numbered of you, 
70, even the porch of judgment: and it was covered with cedar from one si
50,crop with his feathers, and cast it beside the alt
66,children of Israel in my jealousy. 
Wherefore say, Behold, I give 
59,n the face of the earth. 
And her merchandise and her hire 
50,d Tappuah, and Rekem, and Shema. 
And Shema begat 
71,ream, with the interpretation thereof, ye shall be cut in pieces, and y
55,was no inheritance given them among the children of Isr
60,hat he should lie; neither the son of man, that he should re
67,
Speak unto Aaron and to his sons, that they separate themselves fr
61, of Michael, the son of Jeshishai, the son of Jahdo, the son 
57,aying, We have sinned against thee, both because we have 
65,rm. 
The heavens are thine, the earth also is thine: as for the w
55,t were feeble behind thee, when thou wast faint and wea
62, stood by the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite. 
And David
61,m weary with my groaning; all the night make I my bed to swim
64,eon even to Gazer. 
And the fame of David went out into all land
48,d as the birds that are caught in the snare; so 
50,iest shall write these curses in a book, and he sh
54,up the ark of the LORD with shouting, and with the sou
62,o? and he also was a very goodly man; and his mother bare him 
72,h sent his angel, and hath delivered me out of the hand of Herod, and fr
53, him as he would have rent a kid, and he had nothing 
70,h out of Caphtor, destroyed them, and dwelt in their stead.) 
Rise ye 
64, him for her. 
And he stood over her, and rebuked the fever; and
48,s many have taken in hand to set forth in order 
50,y be in thine hand, put it far away, and let not w
56,Jews spake against it, I was constrained to appeal unto 
72,ollow on to know the LORD: his going forth is prepared as the morning; a
59,o Joseph, I have dreamed a dream, and there is none that ca
57,bles and endless genealogies, which minister questions, r
61,yrus the king of Babylon the same king Cyrus made a decree to
59,h the plague: he is clean. 
The flesh also, in which, even 
69,at sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside, seale
58, chariots, and all the chariots of Egypt, and captains ove
53,tes. 
These are the families of the Simeonites, twent
60,he shekel great, and falsifying the balances by deceit? 
Tha
63,n from the mount Halak, that goeth up to Seir, even unto Baalga
61,se are more than the hairs of mine head: they that would dest
61,mpeters and singers were as one, to make one sound to be hear
53,it willingly with his heart ye shall take my offering
58,d unto Hebron, and spake, saying, Behold, we are thy bone 
51,ORD slew all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, bo
50,ief priests have delivered thee unto me: what hast
61,
But when the Philistines heard that they had anointed David 
68,n in the midst of the valley which was full of bones, 
And caused me
63,m. 
And Simeon blessed them, and said unto Mary his mother, Beh
49,ive. 
So when even was come, the lord of the vine
48,l fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod an
67,ll be diminished: for the LORD God of Israel hath spoken it. 
The b
52,s. 
But if they obey not, they shall perish by the s
60,ag the Shunammite to wife. 
And Bathsheba said, Well; I will
54,gad, and pitched in Jotbathah. 
And they removed from 
61,eproach of men, neither be ye afraid of their revilings. 
For
65,ls of fire on his head. 
Be not overcome of evil, but overcome ev
49,ttle ones a cup of cold water only in the name of
65, of their captivity, saying, We have sinned, we have done amiss, 
55,ay, Did not Israel know? First Moses saith, I will prov
58, lay it upon the cart; and put the jewels of gold, which y
50,hen came the word of the LORD unto the prophet Jer
48,h king of Egypt, and will break his arms, the st
48,the land of Egypt; 
But, The LORD liveth, that b
56,f the power of God. 
Then said they all, Art thou then t
68,ot whence ye are: 
Then shall ye begin to say, We have eaten and dru
51,hard speeches which ungodly sinners have spoken aga
71,ht in God. 
After these things came Jesus and his disciples into the la
66,shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed, 
In a moment, in
48,ways wise: neither do the aged understand judgme
66,t shall pronounce him clean. 
If a man also or a woman have in the
69, and I will bring you word again, as the LORD shall speak unto me: an
65,son of Anath, which slew of the Philistines six hundred men with 
60,s; Unto Darius the king, all peace. 
Be it known unto the ki
62,the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the do
57,I answer him with your speeches. 
They were amazed, they 
54,groweth up: 
Wherewith the mower filleth not his hand;
51,ifices of praise, unto the house of the LORD. 
But 
60,lled Havothjair unto this day, which are in the land of Gile
71,nto you: ye shall do no servile work therein: it shall be a statute for
57,man saith unto him, Sir, give me this water, that I thirs
56,have them. 
And when ye stand praying, forgive, if ye ha
60,regation: 
And divide the prey into two parts; between them 
71,ause all the fowls of the heaven to remain upon thee, and I will fill t
67,ah, while he was shut up in the court of the prison, saying, 
Go an
55,ering of your hand, and all your choice vows which ye v
64, they that were with him in the ark. 
And the waters prevailed u
48,Joseph hath said well. 
This is the thing which 
53,spirit took me up, and I heard behind me a voice of a
70,morsel in the vinegar. And she sat beside the reapers: and he reached 
57,en of David sware unto him, saying, Thou shalt go no more
70, and say unto Absalom, I will be thy servant, O king; as I have been t
71,m is profaneness gone forth into all the land. 
Thus saith the LORD of 
72,nto them, The children of this world marry, and are given in marriage: 

57, I trust that through your prayers I shall be given unto 
56, the day that the foundation of the house of the LORD of
67, desolations, and the city which is called by thy name: for we do n
58,he sheep: there shall be a very grievous murrain. 
And the
70,g to the interpretation of his dream, the butler and the baker of the 
62,violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, out of weakne
61,rned for her husband. 
And when the mourning was past, David 
54, reward is great in heaven: for in the like manner did
49,s saith the LORD, Shalt thou build me an house fo
65,e these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah
71,ept the entrance of the king's house. 
And when the king entered into t
51,lood: 
And Shem lived after he begat Arphaxad five 
49,his fists? who hath bound the waters in a garment
50,t came to pass, after he had eaten bread, and afte
54,ndmen. 
And he said, Now also let it be according unto
58,n said unto him, Lord, I will follow thee whithersoever th
50,here is a generation, O how lofty are their eyes! 
58,tions in time to come, that we may say again, Behold the p
57,come to Aiath, he is passed to Migron; at Michmash he hat
52,nd his right hand doth embrace me. 
I charge you, O 
58,g; whatsoever she desired was given her to go with her out
48,thee, that I may find grace in thy sight: and co
66,. 
This their way is their folly: yet their posterity approve thei
51,, she spake in her heart; only her lips moved, but 
67,ained to destroy the wise men of Babylon: he went and said thus unt
54,. 
And when the cloud tarried long upon the tabernacle
62, Seir. 
And Jacob journeyed to Succoth, and built him an house
52,en shall it come down upon thee, until thou be destr
60,el went to Ramah; and Saul went up to his house to Gibeah of
63, had great experience of wisdom and knowledge. 
And I gave my h
56,l no more offer their sacrifices unto devils, after whom
58,e lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Elisha
68, wrong: yea, he reproved kings for their sakes, 
Saying, Touch not m
56,ophet also came in. 
And they told the king, saying, Beh
70,that, when there falleth out any war, they join also unto our enemies,
63,ng's house, 
(Now Hiram the king of Tyre had furnished Solomon 
60,osoever shall fall on this stone shall be broken: but on who
54, that he may live: but I have not been called to come 
49, shall speak lies at one table; but it shall not 
53,l give up the ghost. 
Only do not two things unto me:
57,of the tribes of Israel: three gates northward; one gate 
63,him that followeth after righteousness. 
Correction is grievous
70,a little city, and few men within it; and there came a great king agai
65, the tribe of Reuben, were forty and six thousand and five hundre
51,ophets, and the iniquities of her priests, that hav
55,ll the building fitly framed together groweth unto an h
58, he blessed him there. 
And Jacob called the name of the p
49,ger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way 
66,'s. 
And he said unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the thing
62, all that were able to go forth to war; 
Those that were numbe
49, the light Day, and the darkness he called Night.
71,the battle, and another man dedicate it. 
And what man is he that hath 
69,shall keep it unto life eternal. 
If any man serve me, let him follow
72, when he quieteth the earth by the south wind? 
Hast thou with him sprea
65,eeks. 
I ate no pleasant bread, neither came flesh nor wine in my
71,, and Zidkijah, 
Seraiah, Azariah, Jeremiah, 
Pashur, Amariah, Malchija
65, thou succour us out of the city. 
And the king said unto them, W
51,forth a remnant, and they that escape out of mount 
58,ound themselves with an oath, that they will neither eat n
49,joice over me: when my foot slippeth, they magnif
54, the waves: but he was asleep. 
And his disciples came
49, tree, the palm tree also, and the apple tree, ev
52, give ear, O God of Jacob. Selah. 
Behold, O God our
49, the earth remaineth, seedtime and harvest, and c
62, head, he is bald; yet is he clean. 
And he that hath his hair
62,When Michaiah the son of Gemariah, the son of Shaphan, had hea
69,nd. 
After this I beheld, and, lo, a great multitude, which no man co
58, gift unto any of his sons, the inheritance thereof shall 
66,emnation, that light is come into the world, and men loved darknes
67,eir place, and put themselves in array at Baaltamar: and the liers 
65,that he gave unto them judges about the space of four hundred and
