1000
60,ithe of the tithes unto the house of our God, to the chamber
67,reof, and sockets thereof, 
And the pillars of the court round abou
60,their cry by reason of their taskmasters; for I know their s
52,ered them, Have not I chosen you twelve, and one of 
64,ong themselves, as they stood in the temple, What think ye, that
71,itful weights? 
For the rich men thereof are full of violence, and the 
54, a span shall be the length thereof, and a span shall 
54,nd I am risen up in the room of David my father, and s
68,ety and five. 
The children of Bethlehem, an hundred twenty and thre
69,then would I fly away, and be at rest. 
Lo, then would I wander far o
60,d unto Moses, Come up to me into the mount, and be there: an
54,f Reuben the firstborn of Israel, (for he was the firs
54, I, as a deaf man, heard not; and I was as a dumb man 
51,spised reproof; 
And have not obeyed the voice of m
54,their lives unto the death in the high places of the f
52,a month old and upward, even those that were numbere
67,bims on the walls. 
And he made the most holy house, the length whe
63,make thyself fair; thy lovers will despise thee, they will seek
72,mph? 
How long shall they utter and speak hard things? and all the worke
51,y should be converted, and their sins should be for
58,him away, and delivered him to Pilate. 
And Pilate asked h
60,s torn of beasts in the field; ye shall cast it to the dogs.
56,fore the LORD our God. 
But the Levites have no part amo
54,y, God hath shined. 
Our God shall come, and shall not
62,f the sin offering, and put it upon the posts of the house, an
49,o the vision that I saw in the plain. 
Then said 
61,gel took the censer, and filled it with fire of the altar, an
68, saith unto the wicked, Thou are righteous; him shall the people cur
53,tanding, that we may know him that is true, and we ar
68, 
Nevertheless the hand of Ahikam the son of Shaphan was with Jeremi
48, the LORD, with the basket of unleavened bread: 
56,d to Saul, Why hast thou disquieted me, to bring me up? 
72,e was teaching, that there were Pharisees and doctors of the law sitting
52, Ahab to the entrance of Jezreel. 
And Ahab told Jez
68,me four carpenters. 
Then said I, What come these to do? And he spak
69,nd guided them in the wilderness like a flock. 
And he led them on sa
61,ated unto the gospel of God, 
(Which he had promised afore by
48,e of this honey. 
How much more, if haply the pe
55,ngs from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them u
49,
And if she vowed in her husband's house, or boun
59,our cities waste, and bring your sanctuaries unto desolatio
50,th budded. 
Violence is risen up into a rod of wic
62,the solemn feasts: all her gates are desolate: her priests sig
69, and slew Mattan the priest of Baal before the altars. 
Also Jehoiada
69,e trumpet, and the mountain smoking: and when the people saw it, they
58,erfully among them, did they not let the people go, and th
66,ways which the LORD your God hath commanded you, that ye may live,
65,subtil of heart. 
(She is loud and stubborn; her feet abide not i
69,is bread and wine also for me, and for thy handmaid, and for the youn
70,d, and have committed iniquity, and have done wickedly, and have rebel
55,the children of Gad, and to the half tribe of Manasseh,
48,ts out of my land which I have given them; and t
55,y brother, the son of thy mother, or thy son, or thy da
67,or he is his money. 
If men strive, and hurt a woman with child, so
57,thites: but the Geshurites and the Maachathites dwell amo
61,ed childless. 
And the third took her; and in like manner the
50,t was early; and they themselves went not into the
70,would not walk in Jewry, because the Jews sought to kill him. 
Now the
60, give ear to my supplications: in thy faithfulness answer me
62,d her soul shall stand. 
But if her husband hath utterly made 
60,hee with oil. 
I clothed thee also with broidered work, and 
55, he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent fort
70,the name of the LORD; and by their word shall every controversy and ev
51,d bring hither the fatted calf, and kill it; and le
72,ometh, but her leaf shall be green; and shall not be careful in the year
61,srael that came not up to Mizpeh to the LORD? And, behold, th
71, his Maker! Let the potsherd strive with the potsherds of the earth. Sh
53,its: and he overlaid it with fine gold, amounting to 
65, camp; as the LORD commanded Moses. 
And he brought the ram for t
70,soft tongue breaketh the bone. 
Hast thou found honey? eat so much as 
72,destruction. 
How are they brought into desolation, as in a moment! they
48,red throughout all the earth. 
As yet exaltest t
48,aves, and bring you into the land of Israel. 
An
69,the house of Judas for one called Saul, of Tarsus: for, behold, he pr
66,on precept; line upon line, line upon line; here a little, and the
72,rable, which refuseth to be healed? wilt thou be altogether unto me as a
60,s of it therein. 
Wherefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe to 
62,thy salvation say continually, Let God be magnified. 
But I am
58,ion hath appeared to all men, 
Teaching us that, denying u
54,. 
Then an herald cried aloud, To you it is commanded,
68, will cause thee to come up from the north parts, and will bring the
67,unto them; No man putteth a piece of a new garment upon an old; if 
57,
Male and female created he them; and blessed them, and c
50,ll have no name in the street. 
He shall be driven
50,n without transgression, I am innocent; neither is
54,shanrishathaim eight years. 
And when the children of 
60,m with a mighty destruction, until they be destroyed. 
And h
53, men, and I will arise and pursue after David this ni
51,wife, and his maidservants; and they bare children.
50, in the most High? 
Behold, these are the ungodly,
62, and the rock is removed out of his place. 
The waters wear th
51,the land of Benjamin, to separate himself thence in
60,th hastily to strive, lest thou know not what to do in the e
63,s clothes. 
And the king commanded Hilkiah, and Ahikam the son 
60,ven unto the last: and Jesus was left alone, and the woman s
59,he Lord thinketh upon me: thou art my help and my deliverer
66,. 
I will praise the name of God with a song, and will magnify him
53,est the shadow of the mountains as if they were men. 
55,sed the rudder bands, and hoised up the mainsail to the
55,d brought forth out of Jerusalem, and had put them in t
57,ncrease my greatness, and comfort me on every side. 
I wi
61,the part of the hand that wrote. 
Then the king's countenance
69,that pisseth against a wall, neither of his kinsfolks, nor of his fri
58,he mystery of Christ) 
Which in other ages was not made kn
69,, What man is this that walketh in the field to meet us? And the serv
71,y suppliants, even the daughter of my dispersed, shall bring mine offer
68,at day: and so the poor of the flock that waited upon me knew that i
65,is name Seth: 
And the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth we
71,a reward. 
If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but
57,all not be thine heir; but he that shall come forth out o
54,f the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. 
But w
67,ek ye the priesthood also? 
For which cause both thou and all thy c
52,hy land, the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of
53,lomon in a dream by night: and God said, Ask what I s
57,men: 
But my mercy shall not depart away from him, as I t
48,the soul of David, and Jonathan loved him as his
50,omination is wrought among you; 
Thou shalt surely
68,ee, and arise, go seek the asses. 
And he passed through mount Ephra
56,ery city, he spake by a parable: 
A sower went out to so
72,a desolate city, like the cities that are not inhabited; when I shall br
71,the earth. 
And now am I their song, yea, I am their byword. 
They abho
68, hearkened unto thy servants the prophets, which spake in thy name t
53, and their sin. 
Then Jeremiah called Baruch the son 
51,nto the king, for her bowels yearned upon her son, 
67,t more and more in knowledge and in all judgment; 
That ye may appr
63,rtheless the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and Moses, depart
57, Balaam; therefore he blessed you still: so I delivered y
51,high praises of God be in their mouth, and a two-ed
61,. 
I will take no bullock out of thy house, nor he goats out 
52,e among many people, and rebuke strong nations afar 
72,mine eyes had seen it: and, behold, the one half of the greatness of thy
70,nant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, saith
68,d unto them, My mother and my brethren are these which hear the word
51,m? 
They search out iniquities; they accomplish a d
49, were very attentive to hear him. 
And it came to
61,rth, I heard a voice speaking unto me, and saying in the Hebr
54,took them wives: the name of Abram's wife was Sarai; a
69,pillars; seven for the one chapiter, and seven for the other chapiter
68,mish: 
Their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullock
64,s ye have forsaken me, and served strange gods in your land, so 
61, coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory. 

67,is mother, I have not seen him; neither did he acknowledge his bret
69, Haman refrained himself: and when he came home, he sent and called f
63,ld, they shall put bands upon thee, and shall bind thee with th
57, of Melchisedec there ariseth another priest, 
Who is mad
60,s, and the caul above the liver, and the two kidneys, and th
72,ed. 
And the children of Israel cried unto the LORD, saying, We have sin
61, and Zadok the priest, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and t
54,ness of the wall, which was for the side chamber witho
51,rod of pride: but the lips of the wise shall preser
71,brotherly love continue. 
Be not forgetful to entertain strangers: for 
58,t not told it me. And he said unto her, Behold, I have not
49,and mine heart walked after mine eyes, and if any
63,hat the king rideth upon, and the crown royal which is set upon
56,, into the hand of her son Jacob. 
And he came unto his 
62,arts. 
To do justice and judgment is more acceptable to the LO
64, thou shalt not put any in thy vessel. 
When thou comest into th
71,eople bowed down upon their knees to drink water. 
And the LORD said un
60,erefore his sisters sent unto him, saying, Lord, behold, he 
72,e son of Maachah, and Joshaphat the Mithnite, 
Uzzia the Ashterathite, S
58,h the fine flour; a meat offering continually by a perpetu
57,l hear them, I the God of Israel will not forsake them. 

50,God. 
Let the prophets speak two or three, and let
54,eive as much again. 
But love ye your enemies, and do 
66,unclean two weeks, as in her separation: and she shall continue in
66,ashan remained of the remnant of giants; behold his bedstead was a
50,phet from the midst of thee, of thy brethren, like
68,nd ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that y
62,D stablished the kingdom in his hand; and all Judah brought to
51,l set thy bounds from the Red sea even unto the sea
68,right hand shall be turned unto thee, and shameful spewing shall be 
70, that I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel, and with th
56,repare me here seven oxen and seven rams. 
And Balak did
49,anctified, and did not then wait by course: 
Also
59,idad the son of Chislon. 
And the prince of the tribe of th
69,ess among the provinces, how is she become tributary! 
She weepeth so
66, wife, and his sons' wives with him, into the ark, because of the 
55,ley of the son of Hinnom, to cause their sons and their
56,his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself: 
Th
53,hall speak and say unto thee, Art thou also become we
50,then they turned again, and slew the men of Ai. 
A
68,knowledge of witty inventions. 
The fear of the LORD is to hate evil
54,e younger widows refuse: for when they have begun to w
60,en they sought to take him: but no man laid hands on him, be
55,all be eaten: it shall be burnt in the fire. 
Likewise 
68,t with them on yonder side Jordan, or forward; because our inheritan
63,Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim. 
Salma the father of Bethle
64,hat I have made will I destroy from off the face of the earth. 

63,th bitter herbs they shall eat it. 
Eat not of it raw, nor sodd
70,ee a man upon the throne of Israel. 
But if ye shall at all turn from 
69,th. 
For behold this selfsame thing, that ye sorrowed after a godly s
72,and devoured the fruit of their ground. 
He smote also all the firstborn
50,e said, Surely the LORD is in this place; and I kn
59,or these things were done, that the scripture should be ful
70,mmanded to prepare chambers in the house of the LORD; and they prepare
61,e king granted me, according to the good hand of my God upon 
65,d and fourscore thousand chosen men, which were warriors, to figh
57, parable: 
A sower went out to sow his seed: and as he so
51,ng which the LORD said unto the children of Israel,
69,hew him my salvation. 
IT IS A GOOD THING TO GIVE THANKS UNTO THE LOR
64,th taking thought can add to his stature one cubit? 
If ye then 
64,eing a nation; that the name of Israel may be no more in remembr
61, Behold, I have here at hand the fourth part of a shekel of s
56,s anger, wrath, and indignation, and trouble, by sending
51, Asahel, Turn thee aside from following me: wherefo
54, Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep. 
For th
48,man, unto the well. 
And it came to pass, when h
66,herefore he that made them will not have mercy on them, and he tha
61,on it? 
Know ye not what I and my fathers have done unto all 
62, 
And he spake before his brethren and the army of Samaria, an
70,e oars; the company of the Ashurites have made thy benches of ivory, b
63,anon, from mount Baalhermon unto the entering in of Hamath. 
An
63,nd hide thyself from them: thou shalt surely help him to lift t
63,ts held a consultation with the elders and scribes and the whol
72,shall be excellent and comely for them that are escaped of Israel. 
And 
57, shall come to pass in that day, that a great tumult from
54, we go up to Jerusalem; and the Son of man shall be be
72,spread forth his hands toward heaven. 
And said, O LORD God of Israel, t
58, Sihon king of the Amorites, and the kingdom of Og king of
72,en appeared the tares also. 
So the servants of the householder came and
64,ertheless he regarded their affliction, when he heard their cry:
65,heless in the day when I visit I will visit their sin upon them. 
64,is done. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end. I will
70, trumpets. 
Then the men of Judah gave a shout: and as the men of Juda
68,e they that dwell in thy house: they will be still praising thee. Se
68,ed shekels of silver; what is that betwixt me and thee? bury therefo
67, kindled against Moses, and he said, Is not Aaron the Levite thy br
58,royed: howl for her; take balm for her pain, if so be she 
61, him, I have found a man of the captives of Judah, that will 
54,But if the slayer shall at any time come without the b
63,n pure and white linen, and having their breasts girded with go
53,put his hand into his bosom: and when he took it out,
66,down from God out of heaven, and devoured them. 
And the devil tha
68,f iron, and all the people that were with him, from Harosheth of the
65,east side unto the west side, a portion for Manasseh. 
And by the
68,d unto her, Let me drink, I pray thee. 
And she made haste, and let 
54,rah and unto all his company, saying, Even to morrow t
51,e head like purple; the king is held in the galleri
51,g, and his meat offering, (they shall be unto you w
53,n all wisdom; that we may present every man perfect i
63,ng, 
Thus speak unto the Levites, and say unto them, When ye ta
65,evour Abimelech. 
And Jotham ran away, and fled, and went to Beer
64, of the Amorites, which reigned in Heshbon, whom Moses smote wit
69,e into the country of Moab, and continued there. 
And Elimelech Naomi
53,it is prepared; he hath made it deep and large: the p
68,will recompense, even recompense into their bosom, 
Your iniquities,
72,n eastward. 
And Moses said unto them, If ye will do this thing, if ye w
71, and work: for I am with you, saith the LORD of hosts: 
According to th
58, of the truth. Selah. 
That thy beloved may be delivered; 
70,h day Abidan the son of Gideoni, prince of the children of Benjamin, o
66,ed them, and shod them, and gave them to eat and to drink, and ano
62,it: for in the peace thereof shall ye have peace. 
For thus sa
57,gainst it; set the camp also against it, and set batterin
49,thigh, and the shoulder; fill it with the choice 
71,of thy kingdom, and talk of thy power; 
To make known to the sons of me
58,spake of stoning him, because the soul of all the people w
58,that they may breed abundantly in the earth, and be fruitf
49,d he cast the tables out of his hands, and brake 
55,dab the son of Rechab our father in all that he hath ch
57, mount Zion. 
And when they shall say unto you, Seek unto
54,ond wherewith she hath bound her soul, and her father 
59,thy feet; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD: for they 
56,r is their iniquity hid from mine eyes. 
And first I wil
70,e wall of the house. 
And there was an enlarging, and a winding about 
56,heir arms, yet do they imagine mischief against me. 
The
72,the great toe of his right foot: 
And the priest shall pour of the oil i
63, praise. Then Athaliah rent her clothes, and said, Treason, Tre
52, when he speaketh. 
And it came to pass, that when h
59,ackcloth, and ashes: 
And I prayed unto the LORD my God, an
62,D. 
And they shall be desolate in the midst of the countries t
62, laid him in the bed which was filled with sweet odours and di
72,At the same time my reason returned unto me; and for the glory of my kin
54,e; and commanded that they which could swim should cas
53,the cave of Machpelah, in the field of Ephron the son
50,er dross. 
He that hateth dissembleth with his lip
52, lop the bough with terror: and the high ones of sta
70,e to every purpose there is time and judgment, therefore the misery of
61, in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn
53,the morning; and their beauty shall consume in the gr
48,ions that are round about you, and have not walk
56,les. 
And when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto his 
64,ce; and houses, and take them away: so they oppress a man and hi
64, and slew the Philistines: and the LORD wrought a great victory.
48, 
Micah the Morasthite prophesied in the days of
49,elves in the strength of Pharaoh, and to trust in
61,nd I will give thee rest. 
And he said unto him, If thy prese
65,hat they may not be meat for them. 
For thus saith the Lord GOD; 
68,l give the less inheritance: every man's inheritance shall be in the
62,onaniah also, and Shemaiah and Nethaneel, his brethren, and Ha
60,nding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus
63, Prepare ye the way of the LORD, make straight in the desert a 
72, born of a woman? 
Behold even to the moon, and it shineth not; yea, the
59,re oppressed together: and all that took them captives held
67,and of thy merchandise. 
In the time when thou shalt be broken by t
72,mandment of the LORD, these cities and their suburbs. 
And the lot came 
54,the Zarhites: of Shaul, the family of the Shaulites. 

72, our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. 
My love be with you all in Christ J
56,send them a saviour, and a great one, and he shall deliv
68,of the land, neither shall the sword go through your land. 
And ye s
67,f with ornaments, 
And satest upon a stately bed, and a table prepa
71,enaiah the son of Jehoiada, and had the name among three mighty men. 
H
66,unto Moses, saying, 
Go in, speak unto Pharaoh king of Egypt, that
67,olomon came from his journey to the high place that was at Gibeon t
62,s of wine, and to an hundred baths of oil, and salt without pr
62, the temple, Peter and James and John and Andrew asked him pri
52,ing to the commandment of the LORD they were numbere
71,nd thou shalt be a sign unto them; and they shall know that I am the LO
69, doors of olive tree: the lintel and side posts were a fifth part of 
68,d came, and drew nigh to meet David, that David hastened, and ran to
53,gers again the third time, and they prophesied also. 
62,nd half of them toward the hinder sea: in summer and in winter
52, there, I must also see Rome. 
So he sent into Maced
61,sellors as at the beginning: afterward thou shalt be called, 
54, in the land. 
And the word of the LORD came unto him,
48,profit the son of man. 
By reason of the multitu
59,eat and goodly cities, which thou buildedst not, 
And house
56,the habitation of thy holiness and of thy glory: where i
64,Observe the month of Abib, and keep the passover unto the LORD t
66,, 
Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is n
63, years, in the midst of the years make known; in wrath remember
60,g, Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath days? that they might
61,jalon: and the people were very faint. 
And the people flew u
51, years be searched out. 
For he maketh small the dr
72,case shall be meat unto all fowls of the air, and unto the beasts of the
50,e is continuance, and we shall be saved. 
But we a
68,remiah the prophet unto him into the third entry that is in the hous
67,ered, which Moses and Aaron numbered, and the princes of Israel, be
56,idows shall not weep. 
Though he heap up silver as the d
64,w every man clearly. 
And he sent him away to his house, saying,
68,thing? 
Yet now be strong, O Zerubbabel, saith the LORD; and be stro
65,y followed the LORD my God. 
And Moses sware on that day, saying,
65, the fields: 
To set up on high those that be low; that those whi
58,oming: it stirreth up the dead for thee, even all the chie
54,Father with his angels; and then he shall reward every
67,. 
And Pharaoh was wroth against two of his officers, against the c
60,ORD said unto David, Go up: for I will doubtless deliver the
69,hich is Hebron, in the mountain of Judah. 
And on the other side Jord
70,dred men; 
And Ahiah, the son of Ahitub, Ichabod's brother, the son of
62,shall not cause her light to shine. 
And I will punish the wor
72,ee ten thousand men of the children of Naphtali and of the children of Z
52,ebuketh the sea, and maketh it dry, and drieth up al
59,le, but we are despised. 
Even unto this present hour we bo
70,ng of Eglon. 
And it came to pass, when they brought out those kings u
57,ink thy wine with a merry heart; for God now accepteth th
61,eside all waters, that send forth thither the feet of the ox 
55,de it asunder: and the priest shall burn it upon the al
60, which he did eat. And Joseph was a goodly person, and well 
55,no more become a flood to destroy all flesh. 
And the b
59,rael, to establish them for ever, therefore made he thee ki
51,him, Master, we have toiled all the night, and have
63, that this also is vexation of spirit. 
For in much wisdom is m
65,Gezer; but the Canaanites dwelt in Gezer among them. 
Neither did
69,th; so, O Lord, when thou awakest, thou shalt despise their image. 
T
60,r the LORD revealed himself to Samuel in Shiloh by the word 
59,er side. 
And a certain scribe came, and said unto him, Mas
54,use, I have left mine heritage; I have given the dearl
54,m; and Esrom begat Aram; 
And Aram begat Aminadab; and
63,one, and setting a watch. 
In the end of the sabbath, as it beg
64,ost, and those that were numbered of them, were threescore and t
67,ildren, or lands, for my sake, and the gospel's, 
But he shall rece
54,is branch be cut off. 
His remembrance shall perish fr
60,id unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye belie
52,ored the money unto his mother; and his mother took 
67,y portion for ever. 
For, lo, they that are far from thee shall per
61,ge of God's elect? It is God that justifieth. 
Who is he that
49,o he sent his brethren away, and they departed: a
67,e hands of the children of Ammon. 
And that year they vexed and opp
64,: therefore called she his name Dan. 
And Bilhah Rachel's maid c
55,o the inhabiters of the earth by reason of the other vo
53,ng of thy sheep. 
Thou shalt eat it before the LORD t
66,d, behold, a greater than Jonas is here. 
The queen of the south s
61,g it a male without blemish. 
And he shall kill it on the sid
53, shall be shut in the streets, when the sound of the 
55,r children unclean; but now are they holy. 
But if the 
56,all their iniquity, whereby they have sinned against me;
54,ile ye gather up the tares, ye root up also the wheat 
54,unto her, Fear not; thou shalt have this son also. 
An
60,he Father, through sanctification of the Spirit, unto obedie
67,counsel, and bought with them the potter's field, to bury strangers
52,him after Absalom. 
And he conferred with Joab the s
56,f it into the midst of the street thereof, and shalt bur
60,all be desolate: for the hay is withered away, the grass fai
48,said I unto you, that no man can come unto me, e
68,f them who through faith and patience inherit the promises. 
For whe
60,gainst Keilah, and they rob the threshingfloors. 
Therefore 
54,d our lands, vineyards, and houses, that we might buy 
61,lver as the dust, and fine gold as the mire of the streets. 

56,hem, and be their God. 
And God shall wipe away all tear
52, men it is impossible, but not with God: for with Go
69,genealogies? And there were wars between Rehoboam and Jeroboam contin
69,ere no women found so fair as the daughters of Job: and their father 
54,er, having given more abundant honour to that part whi
50, you, as at this day. 
Moreover Jeremiah said unto
65,thou wast not grieved. 
And of whom hast thou been afraid or fear
50,ouse. 
But when the multitudes saw it, they marvel
54, thou knowest not whether shall prosper, either this o
54,ltar of burnt offering with all his furniture, and the
64,woman married to an husband, then they shall both of them die, b
49,y, Where is now their God? 
But our God is in the
64,u say, I am not polluted, I have not gone after Baalim? see thy 
63,nd of ten days their countenances appeared fairer and fatter in
69,y was Laish at the first. 
And the children of Dan set up the graven 
71,om the whole family in heaven and earth is named, 
That he would grant 
51,, wherein thou hast laboured from thy youth; if so 
72,th witness, because the Spirit is truth. 
For there are three that bear 
65,orces of the Gentiles shall come unto thee. 
The multitude of cam
52,d: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also r
72,ey dwelt at Beersheba, and Moladah, and Hazarshual, 
And at Bilhah, and 
66,ound about besought him to depart from them; for they were taken w
52,n drew near unto him all the publicans and sinners f
65,will forbear: for they are most rebellious. 
But thou, son of man
57,m of the number of the people unto David. And all they of
54,ing rashly. 
For ye have brought hither these men, whi
54, he made the waters to stand as an heap. 
In the dayti
64,any such shall be unclean until even, and shall not eat of the h
70,e LORD put forth his hand, and touched my mouth. And the LORD said unt
49,e, then that which is in part shall be done away.
60,will now say, Peace be within thee. 
Because of the house of
48,y break my statutes, and keep not my commandment
52, companies of them that gave thanks in the house of 
65, and seeing the miracles which he did. 
For unclean spirits, cryi
69,for the LORD hath spoken it. 
And they of the south shall possess the
69,ildren of Benjamin, Benaiah the Pirathonite, 
Hurai of the brooks of 
54,cheth to Zebulun, and to the valley of Jiphthahel towa
64,his thy day, the things which belong unto thy peace! but now the
62, judges shall make diligent inquisition: and, behold, if the w
71,r of Purim. 
And he sent the letters unto all the Jews, to the hundred 
58,nd of Egypt according to their armies. 
These are they whi
49,st sheep; seek thy servant; for I do not forget t
61,that day. 
For the day of the LORD of hosts shall be upon eve
67,rselves have seen it; why then are ye thus altogether vain? 
This i
50, it became a proverb, Is Saul also among the proph
54,ents on him; and he sat upon him. 
And many spread the
72,rdon mine iniquity; for it is great. 
What man is he that feareth the LO
57,l liveth, seeing the LORD hath withholden thee from comin
56,lcah, and the father of Iscah. 
But Sarai was barren; sh
51,he LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jon
49, sons of Jehoshaphat, Azariah, and Jehiel, and Ze
53,ed me not, I put my life in my hands, and passed over
65,seeketh thy hurt? 
Behold, this day thine eyes have seen how that
67,s sons shall put their hands upon the head of the ram. 
Then shalt 
55,oreover he built cities in the mountains of Judah, and 
57,his day is holy unto the LORD your God; mourn not, nor we
71,went up from the cherub, and stood over the threshold of the house; and
61,ll, called Praetorium; and they call together the whole band.
53,taly salute you. 
Grace be with you all. Amen. 
James
70,th the LORD that formed me from the womb to be his servant, to bring J
55, are the foundations thereof fastened? or who laid the 
49,ce, over against the great tower that lieth out, 
62,place for the LORD, an habitation for the mighty God of Jacob.
61, the east side of the land of Moab, and pitched on the other 
63,And David said, What have I now done? Is there not a cause? 
An
55,is wrapped up for the slaughter. 
Go thee one way or ot
69,e unto Moses, saying, 
Thou shalt also make a laver of brass, and his
50,destroy thy pleasant houses: and they shall lay th
58, favour with God and man. 
Now in the fifteenth year of th
72,e on that day he called him Jerubbaal, saying, Let Baal plead against hi
64,neys, and the fat that is upon them, which is by the flanks, and
60,ve: for he shall receive me. Selah. 
Be not thou afraid when
68,at Lamech. 
And Lamech took unto him two wives: the name of the one 
49,h unto them, Did ye never read in the scriptures,
60,hat the way into the holiest of all was not yet made manifes
60,and the spoil of that city Israel took for a prey unto thems
53,e ends of the earth, fainteth not, neither is weary? 
52,ying, The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Pre
50, the presence of the LORD, because he had told the
70,re of servants: and the Philistines envied him. 
For all the wells whi
60,g of Israel, saying, Come, let us see one another in the fac
60,ut gave their life over to the pestilence; 
And smote all th
66, sons, saying, Jacob hath taken away all that was our father's; an
71,, they shall depart, both man and beast. 
In those days, and in that ti
61,he north, saith the LORD: for I have spread you abroad as the
71,ation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given amo
53,nce of the gospel; 
So that my bonds in Christ are ma
68,f a surety that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not t
62,one us? 
We will go three days' journey into the wilderness, a
52, thou it lighter unto us; thus shalt thou say unto t
71,Father and the Son. 
If there come any unto you, and bring not this doc
70,aken: and when they sought him, he could not be found. 
Therefore they
55,ul delighteth; I have put my spirit upon him: he shall 
51, two side posts, the LORD will pass over the door, 
68,th in his garden. 
His roots are wrapped about the heap, and seeth t
54, og the king of bashan went out against them, he, and 
56,r, or the voice of his mother, and that, when they have 
63,nhabitants of Jerusalem, and unto all Israel, that are near, an
60,away, said he, the strange gods which are among you, and inc
56,ch as I have give I thee: In the name of Jesus Christ of
61, of thy young children, that faint for hunger in the top of e
54,, saying, Whosoever is fearful and afraid, let him ret
70,r extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God. 
And such were some 
70,ers; even the chief of the fathers, as they were counted by number of 
48, him. But Jesus stooped down, and with his finge
65, him reviled him. 
And when the sixth hour was come, there was da
65, shall come up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan against th
52,, and will give the vineyard unto others. 
And have 
68, in the Red sea: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
To him which led 
61,he herd of swine: and, behold, the whole herd of swine ran vi
61,nt forth to battle, expert in war, forty thousand. 
And on th
50,oredom, and thine abominations on the hills in the
64,er and their supplication, and maintain their cause. 
If they si
49,hou hast lacked nothing. 
And when we passed by f
59,hatsoever thing of skin it be, which thou shalt wash, if th
53,twenty years old and upward, in their charges by thei
70, will make him a great nation. 
And God opened her eyes, and she saw a
68,ought him, and he shall make his way prosperous. 
Come ye near unto 
65, thine ears, and set thine heart upon all that I shall shew thee;
61,her gods, and love flagons of wine. 
So I bought her to me fo
66,ren of pride. 
Then Job answered the LORD, and said, 
I know that 
65,up? They say unto him, Twelve. 
And when the seven among four tho
72, priests' sons with trumpets; namely, Zechariah the son of Jonathan, the
62,went unto Balak, and said, Balaam refuseth to come with us. 
A
56,f the city, and raised persecution against Paul and Barn
65, she bare unto Saul, Armoni and Mephibosheth; and the five sons o
48,s anger the king and the priest. 
The LORD hath 
68, judgment; I will render vengeance to mine enemies, and will reward 
62,
Whithersoever the spirit was to go, they went, thither was th
72,nch. 
My glory was fresh in me, and my bow was renewed in my hand. 
Unto
61,ot put thee to death, neither will I give thee into the hand 
50,and drieth up all the rivers: Bashan languisheth, 
68,eyes, and to turn them from darkness to light, and from the power of
57, the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast 
63,t. 
It shall not be baken with leaven. I have given it unto the
52,d, Damascus is taken away from being a city, and it 
55,ll be twenty boards: 
And their forty sockets of silver
48,ive for the boards of the one side of the tabern
71,had rest, and he had no war in those years; because the LORD had given 
53,r what emboldeneth thee that thou answerest? 
I also 
69,t soon angry, not given to wine, no striker, not given to filthy lucr
53,: 
If this people go up to do sacrifice in the house 
67,the trumpet in the new moon, in the time appointed, on our solemn f
68,ters, with our flocks and with our herds will we go; for we must hol
50,d princes assembled together to the king, and said
61,r will we say any more to the work of our hands, Ye are our g
49,oeth he, and taketh with himself seven other spir
52,alem. 
And whatsoever shall seem good to thee, and t
64,e the children of Israel: only divide thou it by lot unto the Is
59,he sea coast. 
And I will execute great vengeance upon them
63, arise up, and call her blessed; her husband also, and he prais
67,d herself back, and saw Jesus standing, and knew not that it was Je
65,ildren of Harhur, 
The children of Bazlith, the children of Mehid
54, lowly is wisdom. 
The integrity of the upright shall 
59,t praise thee, death can not celebrate thee: they that go d
71,and fell on him, and embracing him said, Trouble not yourselves; for hi
63,p, a fountain sealed. 
Thy plants are an orchard of pomegranate
57,
And their sins and iniquities will I remember no more. 

57,ell with everlasting burnings? 
He that walketh righteous
69,l come unto me: now also will I give sentence against them. 
Behold, 
48,ist Jesus throughout all ages, world without end
53,im; therefore trust thou in him. 
But now, because it
53,t greater than these. 
And the scribe said unto him, 
51,they gathered themselves together, to fight with Jo
48,he day that he sinneth. 
When I shall say to the
53,y. 
The heads thereof judge for reward, and the pries
57,ks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concernin
63, the house of God, and asked counsel of God, and said, Which of
69,by the blood of goats and calves, but by his own blood he entered in 
68,gh the gates into the city. 
For without are dogs, and sorcerers, an
62,r for a meat offering, mingled with oil, and the drink offerin
65, in Syria, saying, If the LORD shall bring me again indeed to Jer
52,t constraineth us; because we thus judge, that if on
65,the children of Israel in my jealousy. 
Wherefore say, Behold, I 
55,ill make thee an house. 
And when thy days be fulfilled
49,at dwell therein? the beasts are consumed, and th
50,l the work to make it, and too much. 
And every wi
60,be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the day of judgment,
65,em, in the land of Bashan unto Salcah: 
Joel the chief, and Shaph
54,wed for my name, will I cast out of my sight; and Isra
56,ly in the fire of my jealousy have I spoken against the 
59,the LORD of hosts, I remember that which Amalek did to Isra
59,he shall pluck away his crop with his feathers, and cast it
71,gtha, Zethar, and Carcas, the seven chamberlains that served in the pre
52,ay toward the north: and he brought me into the cham
65,ing forth good fruit. 
For every tree is known by his own fruit. 
65,es was very meek, above all the men which were upon the face of t
49,r sons and their brethren, being arrayed in white
61,thousand men. 
And straightway he constrained his disciples t
57,name? And he answered, saying, My name is Legion: for we 
56, feet? 
And as for my flock, they eat that which ye have
53, the LORD said unto Moses, Make thee a fiery serpent,
68,y, and said, I have found David the son of Jesse, a man after mine o
70,rity of the wicked. 
For there are no bands in their death: but their 
59,arm; neither shall he stand, nor his arm: but she shall be 
53,en the messengers were come in, behold, there was an 
63, and then return. 
And when the children of Ammon saw that they
63, I am a worm, and no man; a reproach of men, and despised of th
72,hey went on their way, they came unto a certain water: and the eunuch sa
61, ye have in the land of Israel, saying, The days are prolonge
57, ye have heaved the best thereof from it, then it shall b
50,er the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Als
65,chief of the Levites, had the oversight of the outward business o
72,and ask from the one side of heaven unto the other, whether there hath b
48,sufferings of Christ, and also a partaker of the
50,the LORD your God: for he is gracious and merciful
70, Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye make clean the outside of the cup and o
48,o the hill, behold, a company of prophets met hi
52, they commit adultery, and walk in lies: they streng
55,mon my son to ride upon mine own mule, and bring him do
50,ht to nought, and the scorner is consumed, and all
63,th. 
The revenger of blood himself shall slay the murderer: whe
56,rbear, we thought it good to be left at Athens alone; 
A
70,re; and my kinsmen stand afar off. 
They also that seek after my life 
68,vites according to their fathers. 
Of Gershom; Libni his son, Jahath
64,take up Jeremiah the prophet out of the dungeon, before he die. 
66,on breach, he runneth upon me like a giant. 
I have sewed sackclot
58,to play the whore in her father's house: so shalt thou put
48,ng two sticks, that I may go in and dress it for
65,ye that fear the LORD, bless the LORD. 
Blessed be the LORD out o
70,the Lord GOD, that I will send a famine in the land, not a famine of b
60,eed evil thoughts, adulteries, fornications, murders, 
Theft
54,rking in the measure of every part, maketh increase of
64,
And he brought him forth abroad, and said, Look now toward heav
59,, a city of Sidon, unto a woman that was a widow. 
And many
54,ake reconciliation for iniquity, and to bring in everl
61,; and have given a boy for an harlot, and sold a girl for win
57, thee into the place which I have prepared. 
Beware of hi
53,iege to Gibbethon. 
Even in the third year of Asa kin
55,he land of Egypt. 
And he set the one in Bethel, and th
68,athen. 
The works of his hands are verity and judgment; all his comm
57,halt eat it within thy gates: the unclean and the clean p
66, I make an end of them in the wilderness. 
But I said unto their c
48, for the war? 
Moab is spoiled, and gone up out 
55,my spouse, with me from Lebanon: look from the top of A
68,tatute for ever. 
He that toucheth the dead body of any man shall be
62,rs for a light by night, which divideth the sea when the waves
51, 
And he said, Let us take our journey, and let us 
72,arge and great: but the people were few therein, and the houses were not
58,Wherefore when we could no longer forbear, we thought it g
68, that received the seed into stony places, the same is he that heare
49, of the chief of the people of the earth, and cau
64,ore a man cunning to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass, 
54,ears, and begat Serug: 
And Reu lived after he begat S
66,he Holy Ghost, were multiplied. 
And it came to pass, as Peter pas
49,father Amaziah. 
He built Eloth, and restored it 
61,ery man of the children of Israel shall pitch by his own stan
52,, a sacrifice made by fire, of a sweet savour unto t
53, 
But I say unto you, That whosoever shall put away h
72, Chaldeans, ye shall not prosper. 
And Jeremiah said, The word of the LO
72,
And when it was evening, his disciples came to him, saying, This is a d
69,ives of the people of the land: yet now there is hope in Israel conce
54, see their fall. 
Correct thy son, and he shall give t
59,scus, saying, 
There is a league between me and thee, as th
69,came unto Caesarea: and we entered into the house of Philip the evang
63,them made a covenant. 
And Abraham set seven ewe lambs of the f
65,m: but Jesus sent him away, saying, 
Return to thine own house, a
50, far; The LORD hath called me from the womb; from 
52,them, The sabbath was made for man, and not man for 
57, I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me. 
I find then 
72,of Judah sat each on his throne, having put on their robes, in a void pl
62,at this is very Christ. 
And after that many days were fulfill
68,y, even the way directly before the wall toward the east, as one ent
69,ry upon them in the wilderness, to consume them. 
But I wrought for m
48,e, What aileth thee? 
And the children of Dan sa
67,er ornaments, or a bride her attire? yet my people have forgotten m
65,gh grace: 
For he mightily convinced the Jews, and that publickly
63,. 
For he shall be delivered unto the Gentiles, and shall be mo
63,athan: but if it please my father to do thee evil, then I will 
53,overfloweth all his banks all the time of harvest,) 

50,f ye endure chastening, God dealeth with you as wi
53,e sojourned in Gibeah: but the men of the place were 
65, upon the altar of the burnt offering. 
And the skin of the bullo
56,f her fornication, and the kings of the earth have commi
67,d unto her, If they bind me with seven green withs that were never 
69,be the Christ, the Son of God. 
Jesus saith unto him, Thou hast said:
52,my country. 
Give me my wives and my children, for w
56,be moved. 
His heart is as firm as a stone; yea, as hard
54,that hath bought it until the year of jubile: and in t
55,ce. 
And the angel of the LORD found her by a fountain 
51,d, Sit ye down here. And they sat down. 
And he sai
54,up early in the morning, and brought Israel by their t
65,nd smote Job with sore boils from the sole of his foot unto his c
71,re the throne there was a sea of glass like unto crystal: and in the mi
50, about: and I will set judgment before them, and t
70,cut off their garments in the middle, even to their buttocks, and sent
53,n him to hear the word of God, he stood by the lake o
50,, Lord, evermore give us this bread. 
And Jesus sa
63,LORD thy God with joyfulness, and with gladness of heart, for t
69,and God hearkened to her, and opened her womb. 
And she conceived, an
55,lled Zion with judgment and righteousness. 
And wisdom 
54,ther had commanded him. 
Now it came to pass on the th
53,ren, I am a Pharisee, the son of a Pharisee: of the h
64,thou and all thy company are gathered together against the LORD:
72, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ? 
Then
65,n root: they grow, yea, they bring forth fruit: thou art near in 
51, man, and he liveth. 
Now therefore why should we d
51, thou shalt prepare thy bread therewith. 
Moreover 
48,or your iniquities, and mourn one toward another
54, shall have one tribe for my servant David's sake, and
57,is hand from destroying: therefore he made the rampart an
57,pears, the shields, and the bows, and the habergeons; and
61, be ashamed and confounded: they shall be as nothing; and the
62,command the priests that bear the ark of the covenant, saying,
51,rs and foreigners, but fellowcitizens with the sain
64, raised up from the coasts of the earth. 
And the slain of the L
50, me, they flee far from me, and spare not to spit 
48,ce; for out of it are the issues of life. 
Put a
64,the battle; and they fled before him. 
And when the children of 
68, unto the LORD thy God. 
If a bird's nest chance to be before thee i
66,ns, nor the inhabitants of Dor and her towns, nor the inhabitants 
69,s, Cover us; and to the hills, Fall on us. 
O Israel, thou hast sinne
62,with me: 
And the priests; Eliakim, Maaseiah, Miniamin, Michai
67,d unto her, What aileth thee, Hagar? fear not; for God hath heard t
51, for a trespass offering, in a coffer by the side t
66,D: and he shall give thee the desires of thine heart. 
Commit thy 
56,ye shall kill and crucify; and some of them shall ye sco
52,ay. 
And the children of Israel encamped in Gilgal, 
68,e, Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power, and riches, a
51,
Not because we have not power, but to make ourselv
51, words. 
Behold, now I have opened my mouth, my ton
59,ess of me, that the Father hath sent me. 
And the Father hi
67,ord? what shall we speak? or how shall we clear ourselves? God hath
65,ith him there, and proclaimed the name of the LORD. 
And the LORD
54,nto the temple, and all the people came unto him; and 
51,d bare a son; and said, Because the LORD hath heard
48,had heard that Peter was there, they sent unto h
71,m, as he was about to sail into Syria, he purposed to return through Ma
72,ethren, were twelve: 
The four and twentieth to Romamtiezer, he, his son
55,h: 
And that they should publish and proclaim in all th
71,fferings of oxen unto the LORD. 
And Moses took half of the blood, and 
65,e ark of God, and pitched for it a tent. 
Then David said, None o
55,salem? or who shall bemoan thee? or who shall go aside 
55,hing is established by God, and God will shortly bring 
62,enjamin; The LORD is with you, while ye be with him; and if ye
51,llion: therefore a cruel messenger shall be sent ag
53,r idol, and stamped it, and burnt it at the brook Kid
50,lso the LORD executed judgments. 
And the children
51,ants in the Syrian language; for we understand it: 
58,shan, and his soul shall be satisfied upon mount Ephraim a
54,onscience, I say, not thine own, but of the other: for
59,t them be cast into the fire; into deep pits, that they ris
62,in the five and twentieth day of the month, that Evilmerodach 
48,t the gates of the righteous. 
The poor is hated
53,ands upon the Levites: 
And Aaron shall offer the Lev
65,servants. 
And the heart of Pharaoh was hardened, neither would h
59,my face against them; they shall go out from one fire, and 
60,nd time Joseph was made known to his brethren; and Joseph's 
56, had made them to rejoice over their enemies. 
And they 
71,y house, and, behold, a man stood before me in bright clothing, 
And sa
56,g the children of Israel, when the children of Israel co
65,ter! they shall not lament for him, saying, Ah lord! or, Ah his g
65,lcah, the wife of Nahor, Abraham's brother, with her pitcher upon
63,ite, Heled the son of Baanah the Netophathite, 
Ithai the son o
63,hey asked him, saying, Master, but when shall these things be? 
55,re of the daughters of the land, what good shall my lif
65,e than all the dwellings of Jacob. 
Glorious things are spoken of
53,hrough the people from Beersheba to mount Ephraim, an
52,ilderness to be tempted of the devil. 
And when he h
68,t ye my people, saith your God. 
Speak ye comfortably to Jerusalem, 
64, his men went to Keilah, and fought with the Philistines, and br
64,d careth for the things that are of the world, how he may please
51,weth not what his lord doeth: but I have called you
70,overnor in the land, and had committed unto him men, and women, and ch
51,lse witness shall perish: but the man that heareth 
58,n Shechem the son of Hamor the Hivite, prince of the count
71,milies of Manasseh the son of Joseph: and these are the names of his da
49, Stand by thyself, come not near to me; for I am 
48,e LORD it came to pass in Jerusalem and Judah, t
61,you, and because he would keep the oath which he had sworn un
68,and full of days, he made Solomon his son king over Israel. 
And he 
62,ore me. 
And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son o
63, from the house of Jacob, and I will look for him. 
Behold, I a
69,t Hanani, one of my brethren, came, he and certain men of Judah; and 
50,coming I should have received mine own with usury.
53, shall not be plucked up, nor thrown down any more fo
56,he put her widow's garments off from her, and covered he
70,o his disciples first of all, Beware ye of the leaven of the Pharisees
51,til the death of the priest. 
So ye shall not pollu
72,inhabitants thereof; because they have transgressed the laws, changed th
63, earth can white them. 
And there appeared unto them Elias with
69, in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and thre
64,here was not a house where there was not one dead. 
And he calle
57,. 
Then I looked on all the works that my hands had wroug
64,shall spread, and his beauty shall be as the olive tree, and his
59,ngs, and desperately wicked: who can know it? 
I the LORD s
70,eth Christ is acceptable to God, and approved of men. 
Let us therefor
49,m fled, and went their ways into the city, and to
71,e earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the LORD, as
57,her thee from all the nations, whither the LORD thy God h
63,d I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and 
69,all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him? 
For I know him
63,nnot hold my peace, because thou hast heard, O my soul, the sou
61,r princes within her are roaring lions; her judges are evenin
64,e a reproach to all that are about us. 
Now therefore, O our God
51,, lifted up his voice, and said unto them, Ye men o
49,ed for thyself understanding to discern judgment;
72,ght Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises unto God: and the prisoners 
72,nd cried unto thee, thou heardest them from heaven; and many times didst
60,ge the world? 
For if the truth of God hath more abounded th
60,pass, that the man's rod, whom I shall choose, shall blossom
53,hem. 
And Jethro, Moses' father in law, took a burnt 
48,l to battle, he and all his people, at a time ap
71,d unto Jehoshaphat, There is yet one man, Micaiah the son of Imlah, by 
55,s twenty and six thousand men that drew sword, beside t
50, they cast up a bank against the city, and it stoo
49,. 
Blessed is the man that doeth this, and the so
48, on the third day, it shall not be accepted, nei
71,D shall return, and come to Zion with songs and everlasting joy upon th
62, of Israel had commanded him. 
And the rest of the sons of Lev
55,ot of a mighty man; and the sword, not of a mean man, s
48,will perform that good thing which I have promis
67,he ephah the tenth part of an homer: the measure thereof shall be a
52,rk of the tabernacle of the congregation, and for al
60,omfort you concerning your faith: 
That no man should be mov
60,clean. 
And if any part of their carcase fall upon any sowin
65,when men rose up against us: 
Then they had swallowed us up quick
60,rom thy dwelling place, even from heaven; and when thou hear
51,led. 
And the whole multitude sought to touch him: 
67,l speak peace unto his people, and to his saints: but let them not 
70,the congregation, and shalt wash them with water. 
And thou shalt take
58,rd of the camp of the children of Ephraim set forward acco
48,he mouth of strange women is a deep pit: he that
66,: then I said, I would pour out my fury upon them in the wildernes
54, them naked unto their shame among their enemies:) 
Th
63,o the kings that were on the north of the mountains, and of the
50,, and upon the thumbs of their right hands, and up
72,eedingly, and the charity of every one of you all toward each other abou
65,ng flax shall he not quench, till he send forth judgment unto vic
66,ther any thing would come from him, and did hastily catch it: and 
70,and on the king Ahasuerus. 
And the king said, What honour and dignity
55, he was there when Jerusalem was taken. 
In the ninth y
72, at the point to die: and what profit shall this birthright do to me? 
A
60,t hearest prayer, unto thee shall all flesh come. 
Iniquitie
54, unto him. 
This do; Take you censers, Korah, and all 
63,ldren of Zion, and rejoice in the LORD your God: for he hath gi
54,rophet of Nazareth of Galilee. 
And Jesus went into th
53,t of the children of Israel for ever, and my holy nam
63,d of the earth like dross: therefore I love thy testimonies. 
M
55,to the house of their god, and did eat and drink, and c
56,ng, his disciples were with him: and he asked them, sayi
60,led: and the heart of Pharaoh and of his servants was turned
63,shall not abide with thee all night until the morning. 
Thou sh
60,s said, The people, among whom I am, are six hundred thousan
66,ice: and ye shall be sorrowful, but your sorrow shall be turned in
61,r Abraham, who hath not left destitute my master of his mercy
62,our yoke: my father also chastised you with whips, but I will 
58,ls of fire, and like the appearance of lamps: it went up a
64, branches turned toward him, and the roots thereof were under hi
68,Take me an heifer of three years old, and a she goat of three years 
53,rty and two thousand and two hundred. 
Of the childre
53,f the young lions, are broken. 
The old lion perishet
61, 
Their children also multipliedst thou as the stars of heave
71, Judah said, What shall we say unto my lord? what shall we speak? or ho
60,ese years, but according to my word. 
And the word of the LO
50, standing by him on his right hand and on his left
56,ice, and thy countenance is comely. 
Take us the foxes, 
58,cision? 
And shall not uncircumcision which is by nature, 
50,after Zebah and Zalmunna, kings of Midian. 
And th
54, unto all: yea, also the heart of the sons of men is f
53,es; but our sufficiency is of God; 
Who also hath mad
61,, and three thousand bullocks: these were of the king's subst
69,s in the day that I took them by the hand to bring them out of the la
58, and Bakbukiah the second among his brethren, and Abda the
70,an by man; and Achan, the son of Carmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Z
62,ot to be compared to it. 
I wisdom dwell with prudence, and fi
66,e, and on his head were many crowns; and he had a name written, th
67,y grievous murrain. 
And the LORD shall sever between the cattle of
56,n the city where the old prophet dwelt. 
And when the pr
60,r heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all these thi
51,o the voice of the LORD my God, and have done accor
65,d how shall we do unto him? 
And the angel of the LORD said unto 
51, and dwelt in Tirzah. 
Then king Asa made a proclam
57,and, in thy glory. 
But Jesus said unto them, Ye know not
50, I will plead with thee, because thou sayest, I ha
50,ow thee, that I may find grace in thy sight: and c
64,nd. 
And under the borders were four wheels; and the axletrees o
51,day that I brought them forth out of the land of Eg
66,l repay it: albeit I do not say to thee how thou owest unto me eve
49,hebar, that the heavens were opened, and I saw vi
70,nd a darkness; and he went about seeking some to lead him by the hand.
72,. And he said, Nay; but I will die here. And Benaiah brought the king wo
63, Jaasiel the son of Abner: 
Of Dan, Azareel the son of Jeroham.
70, the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will. 
The same ho
64, looking stedfastly on him, saw his face as it had been the face
70, a cunning man, endued with understanding, of Huram my father's, 
The 
48,offer burnt offerings thereon, as it is written 
55,. 
And Caleb drove thence the three sons of Anak, Shesh
67, thee; that thy days may be prolonged, and that it may go well with
58, day: and they came before Moses and before Aaron on that 
59, go up to Jerusalem; and the Son of man shall be betrayed u
53, 
And if a man sell a dwelling house in a walled city
57,
She crieth at the gates, at the entry of the city, at th
64,the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto 
72,edeemer, and he that formed thee from the womb, I am the LORD that maket
48,gs in thy paths, that my footsteps slip not. 
I 
60, shall live. 
The heart of the righteous studieth to answer:
62,ation shall be ashamed; and the king shall perish from Gaza, a
70,and purify your hearts, ye double minded. 
Be afflicted, and mourn, an
54,nd. 
And it came to pass, when he was come near to ent
72, works? 
And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart fro
57,s; and I have made the stink of your camps to come up unt
68,h shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call his name John. 
And tho
52, come up over Jonah, that it might be a shadow over 
56,d brought, seven hundred oxen and seven thousand sheep. 
60,, the recorder. 
And Rabshakeh said unto them, Say ye now to
53,e king had judged; and they feared the king: for they
71,r. 
Thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night; nor for the arrow
52, his hire. Go not from house to house. 
And into wha
70,ney, or given us inheritance of fields and vineyards: wilt thou put ou
58,ople of Israel. 
And, behold, all the men of Israel came t
50,n and beast; and they shall increase and bring fru
71,priest are profane; yea, in my house have I found their wickedness, sai
52,hey are gone away backward. 
Why should ye be strick
54,es: and his wives turned away his heart. 
For it came 
59, and the word which Jesus had said. 
Now when he was in Jer
64, also out of the land of Egypt, and gather them out of Assyria; 
54, if his offering be a goat, then he shall offer it bef
62,heir brethren, which were in their villages, were to come afte
50,ossible for God to lie, we might have a strong con
49,ws? so am I. Are they Israelites? so am I. Are th
68, son of Shedeur. 
On the fifth day Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai,
58,orces, took all the remnant of Judah, that were returned f
49,iron; 
Because they rebelled against the words of
57, give every man according as his work shall be. 
I am Alp
69,he plague be greenish or reddish in the garment, or in the skin, eith
70, before the testimony, Aaron and his sons shall order it from evening 
70,words of God, to lift up the horn. And God gave to Heman fourteen sons
67,side the inhabitants of Gibeah, which were numbered seven hundred c
68,desolate wastes, and to the cities that are forsaken, which became a
62, 
Then David returned to bless his household. And Michal the d
56,ike rivers. 
And they sinned yet more against him by pro
53,hem. 
Wherefore remember, that ye being in time past 
67,e king's provinces? now what is thy petition? and it shall be grant
50,nd hath God delivered Midian, and all the host. 
A
67,unto you, Moses gave you not that bread from heaven; but my Father 
61,ll come to pass in that day, saith the LORD of hosts, that I 
60,emies, so that they had the dominion over them: yet when the
58,rank. 
And his father Isaac said unto him, Come near now, 
64,ll messengers go forth from me in ships to make the careless Eth
63,ets, and habergeons, and bows, and slings to cast stones. 
And 
64,no water for the congregation: and they gathered themselves toge
60,oppression; for thou shalt not fear: and from terror; for it
60, heard, when we were with him in the holy mount. 
We have al
65, man, Be content, I pray thee, and tarry all night, and let thine
57,n unto the greatest, came near, 
And said unto Jeremiah t
62,o kiss my sons and my daughters? thou hast now done foolishly 
62,, whose seed was in itself, after his kind: and God saw that i
56,he will not depart from it. 
The rich ruleth over the po
62,bled. 
The clouds poured out water: the skies sent out a sound
56,estroyed down to the ground of the children of Israel ag
66,athjearim. 
Salma the father of Bethlehem, Hareph the father of Be
72,nto Aaron, Thou shalt have no inheritance in their land, neither shalt t
72,ve done in Egypt: and ye dwelt in the wilderness a long season. 
And I b
71,with carved works, with fine linen of Egypt. 
I have perfumed my bed wi
54,hou shalt go forth from him, and thine hands upon thin
52,u shall approach to any that is near of kin to him, 
51, round about are against her; come ye, assemble all
61,ullock, and two rams without blemish, 
And unleavened bread, 
50,ss, and, The people against whom the LORD hath ind
70,is two tenons, and two sockets under another board for his two tenons.
63, he went out and came in before them. 
And Saul said to David, 
53,be something, when he is nothing, he deceiveth himsel
56, and of Moab, and of the children of Ammon, and of the P
66,hall abhor you. 
And I will make your cities waste, and bring your
51,urposes, that he hath purposed against the land of 
57, of them by bands; 
The spider taketh hold with her hands
49,ed over you to do you good, and to multiply you; 
54,ments, which ye shall observe to do in the land, which
66,between Mizpeh and Shen, and called the name of it Ebenezer, sayin
66, he treadeth within our borders. 
And the remnant of Jacob shall b
67,aman sat down to drink; but the city Shushan was perplexed. 
When M
72,of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite to wife, and was called afte
65, ye can discern the face of the sky; but can ye not discern the s
62,ng, Ye are spies: 
Hereby ye shall be proved: By the life of P
69,en of his servants, and did as the LORD had said unto him: and so it 
56,d Sheba, and Jorai, and Jachan, and Zia, and Heber, seve
49, all night in the mount. 
And early in the mornin
70, of the camp, he shall not come within the camp: 
But it shall be, whe
52,d about, yet he knew not; and it burned him, yet he 
59,ing of Israel; 
To know wisdom and instruction; to perceive
70, about together. 
Lover and friend hast thou put far from me, and mine
56,he king asked him secretly in his house, and said, Is th
54,hey shall fall under the slain. For all this his anger
50, plain to him that understandeth, and right to the
68,t. 
And when the prophet that brought him back from the way heard th
49,he enemy's hand. 
He gave his people over also un
66,I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ. 
For ye have h
62,eh's sons had the land of Gilead. 
And the coast of Manasseh w
64, the Amalekites, and the children of the east, even they came up
57, spare, neither will I have pity: and though they cry in 
66,s; as the LORD thy God hath commanded thee: 
That they teach you n
53, the treasures. 
Now all the work of Solomon was prep
53,pon the carcases of your idols, and my soul shall abh
55,ver them in it. 
Let no man therefore judge you in meat
70,d Tubal, and prophesy against him, 
And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; 
72,on of Amon, king of Judah. 
I will utterly consume all things from off t
66,, The LORD forbid it me, that I should give the inheritance of my 
68,ity; which opened to them of his own accord: and they went out, and 
72,n: for the son of this bondwoman shall not be heir with my son, even wit
49,ght come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ; th
66,e name of the LORD before thee; and will be gracious to whom I wil
61, 
He goeth after her straightway, as an ox goeth to the slaug
55,ave cast upon him any thing without laying of wait, 
Or
49, fell upon his face: 
And he spake unto Korah and
57,h. 
Who is there among you of all his people? his God be 
63,ienated from them. 
So she discovered her whoredoms, and discov
52, the people lifted up their voice, and wept. 
And th
71, mourning into joy, and will comfort them, and make them rejoice from t
48,ltitude of words be answered? and should a man f
71, me to go to Bethlehem: 
And he said, Let me go, I pray thee; for our f
49,told them what things Jesus had done. 
Then gathe
66,n and beast be covered with sackcloth, and cry mightily unto God: 
