1000
71,If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole. 
But Jesus turned him
69,because the number of thy days is great? 
Hast thou entered into the 
61,, and is faint. 
The carpenter stretcheth out his rule; he ma
65,ghters shall commit whoredom, and your spouses shall commit adult
55, all that dwelt at Lydda and Saron saw him, and turned 
71,ng, 
Bring the tribe of Levi near, and present them before Aaron the pr
59,d if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them th
72,an's wisdom teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth; comparing spiri
58,land of Moab, and came by the east side of the land of Moa
69,n come presumptuously upon his neighbour, to slay him with guile; tho
63, that is in the bason, and strike the lintel and the two side p
72,of the city, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah slew them, and cast them 
54,he linen clothes, even the holy garments: 
And he shal
57,e; and many shouted aloud for joy: 
So that the people co
69,hall not respect persons in judgment; but ye shall hear the small as 
49, Telharesha, Cherub, Addon, and Immer: but they c
62,herless, and the widow, that are within thy gates. 
Seven days
71,the son of Juda, which was the son of Joseph, which was the son of Jona
66,all the sons of God shouted for joy? 
Or who shut up the sea with 
69,fathers. 
Sixteen years old was Uzziah when he began to reign, and he
63, ovens, and into thy kneadingtroughs: 
And the frogs shall come
58,ay, Where is their God? let him be known among the heathen
70,w me up. Selah. God shall send forth his mercy and his truth. 
My soul
56,, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy communication out of 
52,we are the Lord's. 
For to this end Christ both died
59,waste defenced cities into ruinous heaps. 
Therefore their 
50,cus: and suddenly there shined round about him a l
50, and so spake, that a great multitude both of the 
57,stonishment. 
And he charged them straitly that no man sh
52, 
He suffered no man to do them wrong: yea, he repro
72,hundred and twenty talents, and brought it to king Solomon. 
And when th
53,d of heaven; and they have brought the vessels of his
53,s thus: even the border of their inheritance on the e
67,all riches; in the wine of Helbon, and white wool. 
Dan also and Ja
69,ccording to the multitude of thy tender mercies. 
And hide not thy fa
52,seen God. 
But his wife said unto him, If the LORD w
62,ed thereon; and let his house be made a dunghill for this. 
An
63,all Judah, and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem, and thou king Jehos
48, the Lord shave with a razor that is hired, name
69, ringstraked, speckled, and grisled: for I have seen all that Laban d
57, make you fishers of men. 
And they straightway left thei
51, The Philistines have brought again the ark of the 
70,all Israel, and for their elders, and for their heads, and for their j
71, went up to my couch. 
Simeon and Levi are brethren; instruments of cru
70,fore stand still, that I may reason with you before the LORD of all th
64,asunder. 
And in the house his disciples asked him again of the 
57,to them with the hand to hold their peace, declared unto 
60,sanctified in Christ Jesus, called to be saints, with all th
52,d glorify God. And when he had spoken this, he saith
64,any more every thing living, as I have done. 
While the earth re
49,he camp, saying, Let neither man nor woman make a
63,Amasa out of the highway into the field, and cast a cloth upon 
59,upon it, and require it. 
And it came to pass at the end of
53, the commandment of God, that ye may keep your own tr
59,u renewest thy witnesses against me, and increasest thine i
68, the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna now in thine hand, that we should g
61,ren of Dan went their way: and when Micah saw that they were 
57,e seeing. 
The neighbours therefore, and they which befor
57,of him that layeth at him cannot hold: the spear, the dar
68,rom the Philistines. 
But he stood in the midst of the ground, and d
59,e loved them unto the end. 
And supper being ended, the dev
52, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this w
60, not. 
Terrors take hold on him as waters, a tempest stealet
60,rk round about the hole of it, as it were the hole of an hab
48, servants. 
And the heart of Pharaoh was hardene
68, thee, Pharaoh king of Egypt, the great dragon that lieth in the mid
51,rdained a feast in the eighth month, on the fifteen
68,hemselves, they bring forth their young ones, they cast out their so
67, of strange language; 
Judah was his sanctuary, and Israel his domi
51,n Salem also is his tabernacle, and his dwelling pl
54,ho shall sit on the throne of my lord the king after h
50,nto a corner any more, but thine eyes shall see th
48,verlasting covenant with them, that I will not t
56, and they believed the scripture, and the word which Jes
69,ay for an adversary against him. Now he was riding upon his ass, and 
67,ive, and this city shall not be burned with fire; and thou shalt li
66,of the sanctuary. 
And the priest shall put some of the blood upon
54, had been sick, and was recovered. 
And Hezekiah was g
64,e prophet Jeremiah. 
And Zedekiah the king sent Jehucal the son 
72,ate counsel and foreknowledge of God, ye have taken, and by wicked hands
49, take up against you, even a lamentation, O house
68,th: the virgins of Jerusalem hang down their heads to the ground. 
M
55,you, That in this place is one greater than the temple.
72,t which he did in Jerusalem. 
For who shall have pity upon thee, O Jerus
68,and Judah, and Issachar, and Joseph, and Benjamin: 
And these shall 
58,ng, No; but we will go into the land of Egypt, where we sh
53,the wilderness and with briers. 
And he went up thenc
48,ioch. And it came to pass, that a whole year the
52,, an adder in the path, that biteth the horse heels,
67,d Pharisees, which were of Jerusalem, saying, 
Why do thy disciples
63,afraid: and all the people that are with him shall flee; and I 
56,d thee, and how thy cattle was with me. 
For it was litt
60,r God: they ask of me the ordinances of justice; they take d
63,b the son of Jephunneh. 
And to the sons of Aaron they gave the
58, my people, and I will be their God. 
But as for them whos
70, heart was not perfect with the LORD his God, as was the heart of Davi
59,or and of a contrite spirit, and trembleth at my word. 
He 
70,ield, neither cut down any out of the forests; for they shall burn the
59,mitted themselves unto the righteousness of God. 
For Chris
49, shall lift up a shout against thee. 
He hath mad
49,addling clothes, and laid him in a manger; becaus
61,aven; and according to thy manifold mercies thou gavest them 
49,lust, except the law had said, Thou shalt not cov
61,ts: but they are not grieved for the affliction of Joseph. 
T
72,flicted me, they have also let loose the bridle before me. 
Upon my righ
56,irs of the kingdom which he hath promised to them that l
48,elds shall the fowls of the air eat. 
Now the re
70,o an innumerable company of angels, 
To the general assembly and churc
56, shall be a stranger in a land that is not their's, and 
68,e are they? where are thy wise men? and let them tell thee now, and 
52,an error which proceedeth from the ruler: 
Folly is 
58,to battle in thine own person. 
So shall we come upon him 
61, also make the multitude of Egypt to cease by the hand of Neb
63, abide in the same calling wherein he was called. 
Art thou cal
54, them, even of the tribe of Judah, were threescore and
56, the LORD raiseth them that are bowed down: the LORD lov
50,d GOD; Remove the diadem, and take off the crown: 
63, prayed unto the LORD: and he spake unto him, and he gave him a
60,I have written; that thou mayest teach them. 
And Moses rose
61,se, and followed him, and so did his disciples. 
And, behold,
63,irstling that cometh of a beast which thou hast; the males shal
51,h a pleasant voice, and can play well on an instrum
65,l down under Balaam: and Balaam's anger was kindled, and he smote
53,y terrible; and who can abide it? 
Therefore also now
65,Ahaziah,) hid him from Athaliah, so that she slew him not. 
And h
72,ing unto the LORD, for he hath triumphed gloriously: the horse and his r
69, water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the throne of God
66, and had launched, we came with a straight course unto Coos, and t
67,u shalt eat unleavened bread: and on the seventh day shall be a sol
58,and in the congregation. 
The works of the LORD are great,
72,our God, and the priests the Levites bearing it, then ye shall remove fr
60,nd he hath caused thine enemy to rejoice over thee, he hath 
65,s. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the thin
60,which was full of bones, 
And caused me to pass by them roun
57,from her face. 
And the angel of the LORD found her by a 
68,ad betrayed him, when he saw that he was condemned, repented himself
49,iver up their children to the famine, and pour ou
67,im none inheritance in it, no, not so much as to set his foot on: y
52,res, living in malice and envy, hateful, and hating 
70,e angel of the LORD said unto him, Wherefore hast thou smitten thine a
51,took me; he drew me out of many waters; 
He deliver
71,f, and the arches thereof, were according to these measures: and there 
55,y Father in his throne. 
He that hath an ear, let him h
56,, and passed along unto the side of mount Jearim, which 
50,against them. 
And the children of Israel sent unt
55, Baalperazim, and David smote them there, and said, The
62,wo tenth deals for a ram; 
A several tenth deal shalt thou off
57,er the son of Ammishaddai. 
And his host, and those that 
72,ith him; 
How he went into the house of God, and did take and eat the sh
63,the palaces of Jerusalem, and it shall not be quenched. 
The wo
49,d pushed all the diseased with your horns, till y
60,se for our sins, and for the iniquities of our fathers, Jeru
62, blood of the sin offering, and put it upon the posts of the h
72,atter of wrong or wicked lewdness, O ye Jews, reason would that I should
57, terror to thyself, and to all thy friends: and they shal
66,s, nor our fathers, kept thy law, nor hearkened unto thy commandme
67, devour him. 
But they that escape of them shall escape, and shall 
61,thou hast sent me? 
For since I came to Pharaoh to speak in t
59,milies; Mahli, and Mushi. These are the families of the Lev
55,ity with fire. 
And it came to pass, that when the army
66,ars old when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty and five year
67,eaking unto the people that they shall make captains of the armies 
61,when they were scattered. 
My sheep wandered through all the 
69,nd called for Shimei, and said unto him, Build thee an house in Jerus
48,upon sorrow. 
I sent him therefore the more care
71,the war, with the holy instruments, and the trumpets to blow in his han
49, within our borders. 
And the remnant of Jacob sh
55,ethlehem, and in all the coasts thereof, from two years
68,stonished. 
But he, beckoning unto them with the hand to hold their 
61,halt bear it. 
A foolish woman is clamorous: she is simple, a
54,e with singing: then said they among the heathen, The 
68,and drink? 
Doth he thank that servant because he did the things tha
49,d, in God I have put my trust; I will not fear wh
53,it came to pass, that when Jeremiah had made an end o
58, a thirsty man dreameth, and, behold, he drinketh; but he 
51,n his heart. This is he which received seed by the 
54, nor men have lent to me on usury; yet every one of th
65,ding to the promise. 
Now I say, That the heir, as long as he is 
51,st. 
And the fourth row, a beryl, an onyx, and a ja
57, shepherds causing their flocks to lie down. 
In the citi
50,erefore shall a man leave his father and his mothe
56,igh: and he gave them in commandment all that the LORD h
69, and bring them in the basket, with the bullock and the two rams. 
An
72,re is no peace. 
Were they ashamed when they had committed abomination? 
48,LORD his God for the wars which were about him o
49,t a little. Blessed are all they that put their t
69,and remember, that by the space of three years I ceased not to warn e
56,om one end to another with their uncleanness. 
Now there
58,
And thou shalt speak and say before the LORD thy God, A S
63, not that any man should know it. 
For he taught his disciples,
51,y the carcase: and they came and told it in the cit
50, LORD, Then the Egyptians shall hear it, (for thou
66,p thence the ark of God the LORD, that dwelleth between the cherub
56,on. 
When Jethro, the priest of Midian, Moses' father in
56, thou shalt not curse the people: for they are blessed. 
49,as preached of Paul at Berea, they came thither a
49,he word of his grace, which is able to build you 
67,o carry over the king's household, and to do what he thought good. 
51,of Judah, that were returned from all nations, whit
67,rison, desirous to apprehend me: 
And through a window in a basket 
55,se him up at the last day. 
For my flesh is meat indeed
59,ad torn him, and cried with a loud voice, he came out of hi
68,nts: 
And he shall make an atonement for the holy sanctuary, and he 
53,ves one to another in the fear of God. 
Wives, submit
57,ll I rule over you: 
And I will bring you out from the pe
48,ounsel or this work be of men, it will come to n
64, the king's mowings. 
And it came to pass, that when they had ma
50,hence, two blind men followed him, crying, and say
48,seth the stormy wind, which lifteth up the waves
55,mes, to know what Israel ought to do; the heads of them
53,asai, 
The son of Elkanah, the son of Joel, the son o
71, the children of Judah, according to the commandment of the LORD to Jos
69,burn against thy servant: for thou art even as Pharaoh. 
My lord aske
56,m from the hand of him that was stronger than he. 
There
61,ncamped against Gibeah. 
And the men of Israel went out to ba
52,aise of Moab: in Heshbon they have devised evil agai
48,h and his brethren, men of valour, a thousand an
49,d earrings in thine ears, and a beautiful crown u
59,is name hath made this man strong, whom ye see and know: ye
49,th righteousness, those that remember thee in thy
52,aying, According to your faith be it unto you. 
And 
60,ng: for he endured, as seeing him who is invisible. 
Through
54,n to die, before that he which is accused have the acc
54,before him: and I took up the wine, and gave it unto t
50, 
And if I send them away fasting to their own hou
67, and sacrifices by the space of forty years in the wilderness? 
Yea
48,. 
Then were the king's scribes called on the th
63,nd deliver you up, take no thought beforehand what ye shall spe
61,hail the uncle of Mordecai, who had taken her for his daughte
72, journeys by the commandment of the LORD: and these are their journeys a
51,y God: but he stiffened his neck, and hardened his 
72, the valley of the son of Hinnom, but the valley of slaughter: for they 
70, paths. 
Lead me in thy truth, and teach me: for thou art the God of m
48,f the breadth thereof. 
And thou shalt make two 
59,om the wall? 
Who smote Abimelech the son of Jerubbesheth? 
53,
Then said Abishai the son of Zeruiah unto the king, 
53,t will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persec
60,ou faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding
55,d the trumpet was by me. 
And I said unto the nobles, a
70,e fathers upon the children, and upon the children's children, unto th
56, ready to destroy? and where is the fury of the oppresso
68,te them from city to city: 
That upon you may come all the righteous
60,t shall this man do? 
Jesus saith unto him, If I will that h
58, ye gods. 
Zion heard, and was glad; and the daughters of 
59,he wilderness, and smote the four corners of the house, and
52,him away to his house, saying, Neither go into the t
64,h is lawful and right; 
If the wicked restore the pledge, give a
67, as in the night. 
But he saveth the poor from the sword, from thei
58,ches of his goodness and forbearance and longsuffering; no
69,h first given to him, and it shall be recompensed unto him again? 
Fo
71, shall become a thousand, and a small one a strong nation: I the LORD w
61,ut mine indignation upon them; I have consumed them with the 
67,ear, and took him, and commanded him to be bound with two chains; a
69,rtain city, behold a man full of leprosy: who seeing Jesus fell on hi
70,ns; thy judgments are a great deep: O LORD, thou preservest man and be
65,sus Christ: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, an
59,on them; I have consumed them with the fire of my wrath: th
65, in their mouths, 
The wrath of God came upon them, and slew the 
72,D, and against thee; pray unto the LORD, that he take away the serpents 
50,her was an Hittite, and your father an Amorite. 
A
61,t light my candle: the LORD my God will enlighten my darkness
52,
And Israel set liers in wait round about Gibeah. 
A
61,g bird, and with the cedar wood, and with the hyssop, and wit
67,bottles of wine; he stretched out his hand with scorners. 
For they
70, brother came with subtilty, and hath taken away thy blessing. 
And he
70,ded Moses, so the children of Israel did, and they divided the land. 

69,, whereas none followeth thee to commit whoredoms: and in that thou g
51, and blood. And it is the Spirit that beareth witne
63,egation, and offered a thousand burnt offerings upon it. 
In th
69,ORD, over Israel: therefore will I play before the LORD. 
And I will 
65, the LORD which sanctify you. 
For every one that curseth his fat
68, for that was the great high place: a thousand burnt offerings did S
52,seph, and upon the top of the head of him that was s
55,h gate, and an howling from the second, and a great cra
65, all the evil that I have pronounced against it, because they hav
65,se, and he stood among the myrtle trees that were in the bottom; 
67,on: 
It is thou, O king, that art grown and become strong: for thy 
62,Pharaoh, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Heb
70,head, that ran down upon the beard, even Aaron's beard: that went down
57,t that ye do not discern this time? 
Yea, and why even of
51,eon, according to all the goodness which he had she
65,ice of himself. 
And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but
69,ord shall be upon his arm, and upon his right eye: his arm shall be c
64,at seemed good to the whole house of Benjamin. 
So Abner came to
68,ren of Israel of the Midianites: afterward shalt thou be gathered un
50,udah, the captains of thousands; Adnah the chief, 
54,them, because Ishmael the son of Nethaniah had slain G
70,ter him, when as yet he had no child. 
And God spake on this wise, Tha
60,e were stays on either side on the place of the seat, and tw
63,dah saw it. 
And I saw, when for all the causes whereby backsli
65,have said these things unto you, sorrow hath filled your heart. 

63, greater, he that sitteth at meat, or he that serveth? is not h
52,hee in, to give thee their land for an inheritance, 
68,swering saith unto them, Neither do I tell you by what authority I d
63,any of them: 
If the priest that is anointed do sin according t
70,h's master took him, and put him into the prison, a place where the ki
61,LORD in their trouble, and he delivered them out of their dis
65,o thine ovens, and into thy kneadingtroughs: 
And the frogs shall
61,e the ark of God: and Obededom and Jehiah were doorkeepers fo
72,emselves, saying, It is because we have no bread. 
And when Jesus knew i
48,go stripped and naked: I will make a wailing lik
48,s it; and he will do thee good, and multiply the
49,hy sight, my lord, O king, in that the king hath 
64,fell unto them; saying, 
The man, who is the lord of the land, s
53,eighbour. 
Thou shalt not go up and down as a talebea
69,after their counsel, and went with Jehoram the son of Ahab king of Is
64, and laid them by heaps. 
In the third month they began to lay t
58,uprightness of mine heart I have willingly offered all the
66,and to know the wickedness of folly, even of foolishness and madne
48,Aaron, Nadab, and Abihu, and seventy of the elde
59,ieth in the south of Arad; and they went and dwelt among th
49, mouth of two or three witnesses every word may b
64,or whom the LORD loveth he correcteth; even as a father the son 
58, was God. 
Now after this he built a wall without the city
53,rd of lords, and King of kings: and they that are wit
65,f them that sold doves; 
And would not suffer that any man should
61, Amasa the son of Hadlai, stood up against them that came fro
62,ot that we should appear approved, but that ye should do that 
65,od, why hast thou cast us off for ever? why doth thine anger smok
52,eir feasts: but they regard not the work of the LORD
64,were three flocks of sheep lying by it; for out of that well the
71,m with his fathers in the field of the burial which belonged to the kin
63, his tabernacle, and them that dwell in heaven. 
And it was giv
52,hath he done? And they cried out the more exceedingl
61,r you, and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of
66,ft up, nor cause his voice to be heard in the street. 
A bruised r
54,. 
After two days was the feast of the passover, and o
49,ose that eat at thy table: for so they came to me
64,; 
And he lift up his eyes and looked, and, lo, three men stood 
54,e LORD; Execute judgment in the morning, and deliver h
71,d all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles o
55, the midst thereof: and they have caused Egypt to err i
65,d a certain ruler asked him, saying, Good Master, what shall I do
48,comfort her: the LORD hath commanded concerning 
56,is was done three times: and all were drawn up again int
59,e. 
Rejoice not against me, O mine enemy: when I fall, I sh
56,arth. 
Cry out and shout, thou inhabitant of Zion: for g
55,el. What is the transgression of Jacob? is it not Samar
66,oaneth and travaileth in pain together until now. 
And not only th
57,arenes; 
Gebal, and Ammon, and Amalek; the Philistines wi
66,custom with the people was, that, when any man offered sacrifice, 
57,
For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begott
72,d he said unto them, With desire I have desired to eat this passover wit
72,ink in my name, because ye belong to Christ, verily I say unto you, he s
72, and for all the people of the land a bullock for a sin offering. 
And s
65, in the midst of the furnace, so shall ye be melted in the midst 
53,e inhabitants, and before the elders of my people. If
59,ith the LORD, Where is the bill of your mother's divorcemen
49,more grievously afflict her by the way of the sea
57,ebah and Zalmunna now in thine hand, that we should give 
68,terwards we will speak. 
Wherefore are we counted as beasts, and rep
58,y, and dwelt in their rooms: because there was pasture the
56,cketh closer than a brother. 
Better is the poor that wa
53, we are persuaded better things of you, and things th
56,ich was crucified with him. 
But when they came to Jesus
58,isdom, get understanding: forget it not; neither decline f
67,
Which he wrought in Christ, when he raised him from the dead, and 
53,ts; 
And to make thee high above all nations which he
57,archers, and had many sons, and sons' sons, an hundred an
60,ves in the daytime: they know not the light. 
For the mornin
59,er, and they receive you not, go your ways out into the str
56,d. 
For there is no difference between the Jew and the G
57,all drink it in the courts of my holiness. 
Go through, g
64,, and as the voice of a great thunder: and I heard the voice of 
59,l be put thereto in a vessel: 
And a clean person shall tak
70,t out to thy house? when thou seest the naked, that thou cover him; an
71,nce my coming: and now when shall I provide for mine own house also? 
A
60,amber of Johanan the son of Eliashib: and when he came thith
52,o me I will do. 
And she went down unto the floor, a
58,d the cock crew. 
And a maid saw him again, and began to s
59, men could not touch their garments. 
They cried unto them,
66,Lebonah. 
Therefore they commanded the children of Benjamin, sayin
69,'s nakedness: both of them shall surely be put to death; their blood 
49,thou shalt not anoint thyself with the oil; for t
53,st, that shall do according to that which is in mine 
63,he leopards, and are more fierce than the evening wolves: and t
71,d took him. 
And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, an
60,el of the church in Thyatira write; These things saith the S
71,r the grace that is to be brought unto you at the revelation of Jesus C
68,hree thousand, all males from a month old and upward: for they were 
52, said unto him, My son: and he said unto him, Behold
67,gold. 
The rich and poor meet together: the LORD is the maker of th
50,teous, and gladness for the upright in heart. 
Rej
61,n was risen upon the earth when Lot entered into Zoar. 
Then 
51,om far, and will hiss unto them from the end of the
70,Saul's host, took Ishbosheth the son of Saul, and brought him over to 
70,ve made a covenant with death, and with hell are we at agreement; when
70, word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah the prophet, after that Hananiah 
67, this day. 
And the children of Israel encamped in Gilgal, and kept
50,ess unto all men. 
For we ourselves also were some
64,m it him that passeth out and him that returneth. 
And I will fi
66,is kingdom; 
Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season;
71,ed up. 
Let them alone: they be blind leaders of the blind. And if the 
72,nclean: every thing also that she sitteth upon shall be unclean. 
And wh
59, as children of the Ethiopians unto me, O children of Israe
57,d and his men remained in the sides of the cave. 
And the
61,ing sacrifice I arose up from my heaviness; and having rent m
70,planters shall plant, and shall eat them as common things. 
For there 
60,r come before it with shields, nor cast a bank against it. 

48,s of a dove covered with silver, and her feather
58,y speak thy word, 
By stretching forth thine hand to heal;
55,: if they be shaken, they shall even fall into the mout
68, her people. 
And if the woman be not defiled, but be clean; then sh
55,is every one that hangeth on a tree: 
That the blessing
55,s brethren. 
And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Sh
61,t all the country. 
But the children of Israel committed a tr
54,; and they went both of them together. 
And Isaac spak
62,Israel, and their elders, and officers, and their judges, stoo
65,hat he rose again the third day according to the scriptures: 
And
50,lt to every one of Israel, both man and woman, to 
57,e went forth conquering, and to conquer. 
And when he had
69, daughters of thy brethren, or among all my people, that thou goest t
65,swered, God do so and more also: for thou shalt surely die, Jonat
63,el. 
As for Samaria, her king is cut off as the foam upon the w
53,sand instructers in Christ, yet have ye not many fath
70,ing, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and 
66,e trees, and strawed them in the way. 
And they that went before, 
51,liding daughter? that trusted in her treasures, say
59,t. 
And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of 
52,r cubits was the breadth of one curtain: the eleven 
70, the weak, and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how he said, I
66,e in the houses near to Micah's house were gathered together, and 
51,o Michal, Why hast thou deceived me so, and sent aw
58, men. 
Avoid it, pass not by it, turn from it, and pass aw
71,t children of transgression, a seed of falsehood. 
Enflaming yourselves
72,o him, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Thou sealest up the sum, full of wisdom,
51, of heart I wrote unto you with many tears; not tha
56,y made the ships in Eziongaber. 
Then Eliezer the son of
63,t; 
And they commanded the people, saying, When ye see the ark 
49,he had thus spoken, he spat on the ground, and ma
64,ngel of the LORD stood in the way for an adversary against him. 
62, had gone up, and taken Gezer, and burnt it with fire, and sla
56,d it was so. 
And God made two great lights; the greater
49,south side of the altar. 
Then brought he me out 
53,ive cubits high, and the chapiter that was on the top
63,pass, when the evil spirit from God was upon Saul, that David t
48, 
And we being exceedingly tossed with a tempest
55,e at all in thee; and the voice of the bridegroom and o
66, will again rejoice over thee for good, as he rejoiced over thy fa
72,cised, and all the house of Israel are uncircumcised in the heart. 
Hear
57,ings. 
And he began to speak unto them by parables. A cer
52,house unto the name of the LORD my God: 
But the wor
70,bah, which is Hebron, where Abraham and Isaac sojourned. 
And the days
57, white. 
Then said I, O my lord, what are these? And the 
58,for what have I done? or what evil is in mine hand? 
Now t
57,. 
Be not ye therefore like unto them: for your Father kn
63,And thou shalt make upon the breastplate two rings of gold, and
65, up out of Jordan. 
And it came to pass, when the priests that ba
63,ldiers, bound with two chains: and the keepers before the door 
68,efore them. 
Then ye shall rise up from the ambush, and seize upon t
49,spised reproof; 
And have not obeyed the voice of
72,dukes of Edom. 
These are the sons of Israel; Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and 
68,cording to their families. 
Now the cities of the tribe of the child
53,lem to Jericho, and fell among thieves, which strippe
51,swered one of the people, and said, Thy father stra
60,ver, that their heart melted, neither was there spirit in th
56,vanity and vexation of spirit. 
The fool foldeth his han
49,Men shall buy fields for money, and subscribe evi
53,to Moses, saying, 
Get you up from among this congreg
65,give your daughters to husbands, that they may bear sons and daug
50, had built in the mount of the house of the LORD, 
69,y taken gifts to shed blood; thou hast taken usury and increase, and 
72,rethren, and fathers, hear ye my defence which I make now unto you. 
(An
66,on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens; 
A 
56,r eyes did fail, because there was no grass. 
O LORD, th
62,lien in their sight. 
I called my servant, and he gave me no a
48,anointed, to David, and to his seed for evermore
61,o ten lavers, and put five on the right hand, and five on the
70,ming: 
Even him, whose coming is after the working of Satan with all p
61, of her uncleanness. 
Thus shall ye separate the children of 
49,increase. 
If I did despise the cause of my manse
63,of the LORD shall be in the midst thereof. 
It shall be for the
66,fer them for peace offerings unto the LORD. 
And the priest shall 
64,undred rams, and seven thousand and seven hundred he goats. 
And
56,
Then the priest shall take the jealousy offering out of
64, mightier than the noise of many waters, yea, than the mighty wa
59,they have read before the king of Judah: 
Because they have
53,the outside of the cup and the platter; but your inwa
51,hrygia, and Pamphylia, in Egypt, and in the parts o
53,amascus about noon, suddenly there shone from heaven 
61,urdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them on men's should
48, and she obtained grace and favour in his sight 
56,he Lord Jesus Christ, and the elect angels, that thou ob
58,l and the towns thereof, and eastward Naaran, and westward
56, him, sought of him a sign from heaven. 
But he, knowing
56,he dead which are already dead more than the living whic
72,afflicted soul; then shall thy light rise in obscurity, and thy darkness
70, reproach of the people any more, neither shalt thou cause thy nations
70,Israel. 
For he built again the high places which Hezekiah his father 
66,saying, What manner of man is this, that even the winds and the se
71,y refuge. 
And he shall bring upon them their own iniquity, and shall c
64,ants, Know ye not that there is a prince and a great man fallen 
72, not his writings, how shall ye believe my words? 
After these things Je
71, comforted after his mother's death. 
Then again Abraham took a wife, a
69, these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and that he
64,el, and God hearkened to her, and opened her womb. 
And she conc
48, with them, 
And tookest thy broidered garments,
70,traightway Jesus spake unto them, saying, Be of good cheer; it is I; b
54,ring, which the children of Israel had brought for the
63,ry morning pertained to them. 
And certain of them had the char
56,neither his image, neither had received his mark upon th
50,em. 
And it shall come to pass, after that I have 
52,and the hoods, and the vails. 
And it shall come to 
53,ned white, and it be in sight deeper than the skin; i
62,thee this day: 
That he may establish thee to day for a people
54,by them ye shall send unto me every thing that ye can 
56,uth of the LORD hath spoken it. 
How is the faithful cit
71,and let us make us a name, lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of
70,sons of Ephraim shall be Elishama the son of Ammihud. 
And his host, a
59, 
Endeavouring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond 
51,ok begat Shallum, 
And Shallum begat Hilkiah, and H
52,ook the LORD God of their fathers, which brought the
68,n our enemy into our hand. 
And when the people saw him, they praise
61,to let him go. 
But ye denied the Holy One and the Just, and 
61,as, and in the rivers, of all that move in the waters, and of
67,nemy prevailed. 
Zion spreadeth forth her hands, and there is none 
57,
Bring the tribe of Levi near, and present them before Aa
56,e sent darkness, and made it dark; and they rebelled not
70, a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrific
64,th destroyed me on every side, and I am gone: and mine hope hath
60,ith Joab: and there fell some of the people of the servants 
48,o fight with him: for thou art but a youth, and 
72, done these so many years? 
Then came the word of the LORD of hosts unto
54,thered much had nothing over, and he that gathered lit
71,ol, when he holdeth his peace, is counted wise: and he that shutteth hi
65,le of the congregation. 
And ye shall bear no sin by reason of it
70,he cross, and we will believe him. 
He trusted in God; let him deliver
53,t practised, and prospered. 
Then I heard one saint s
52, of the robe to minister in; as the LORD commanded M
71,atsoever she would ask. 
And she, being before instructed of her mother
50,hariots, and all his host, with the edge of the sw
63,turtledoves, or of the young pigeons, such as he can get; 
Even
64,meth shall be unclean: and all drink that may be drunk in every 
49,an answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus sa
62,ting, (for she died) that she called his name Benoni: but his 
52,ring the day that thou hast called, and they shall b
64,filled, which he spake, signifying what death he should die. 
Th
50,hew them no mercy; upon the ancient hast thou very
53,day. Remember me, O my God, concerning this also, and
64,RD, and the commandment that I have charged thee with? 
The king
53,ost. 
And when the dew that lay was gone up, behold, 
53,drew the sword. 
Then all the children of Israel, and
56, king Ahaz. 
For he sacrificed unto the gods of Damascus
71,of the God of heaven concerning this secret; that Daniel and his fellow
57, and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unsp
54,ines with the inhabitants of Tyre; 
Assur also is join
66,lace, even under the wings of the cherubims. 
For the cherubims sp
70,u, who for one morsel of meat sold his birthright. 
For ye know how th
48, with us according to all his wondrous works, th
51,elded your members servants to uncleanness and to i
65, whisperings, swellings, tumults: 
And lest, when I come again, m
68,th devils. 
And all the city was gathered together at the door. 
And
60,and of my mother. But behold thy servant Chimham; let him go
51,ours; lest they also bid thee again, and a recompen
58,nquet with Esther the queen. 
And the king said again unto
70,e it, to offer burnt offerings thereon, and to sprinkle blood thereon.
54,opia, over an hundred and seven and twenty provinces:)
67,thy cloak also. 
And whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go w
66,s father. 
Howbeit I will not take the whole kingdom out of his ha
54,stroy her vines and her fig trees, whereof she hath sa
68,r, if he be constant to do my commandments and my judgments, as at t
63,. 
And for the house he made windows of narrow lights. 
And aga
63,and. 
And Zedekiah the king said unto Jeremiah, I am afraid of 
49, and hath nothing: but the soul of the diligent s
60,auseth his wind to blow, and the waters flow. 
He sheweth hi
57,restore and to build Jerusalem unto the Messiah the Princ
60, pass in those days, that there went out a decree from Caesa
64, have spoken vanity, and seen lies, therefore, behold, I am agai
53,nd you to God, and to the word of his grace, which is
68,remain in you, and that your joy might be full. 
This is my commandm
63, the LORD. 
Hear, O LORD, when I cry with my voice: have mercy 
55,ael did evil again in the sight of the LORD; and the LO
70,lted thee from among the people, and made thee prince over my people I
63,a year, shall ye bear your iniquities, even forty years, and ye
71,e brought hither these men, which are neither robbers of churches, nor 
67,ft into the water. 
And I brought him to thy disciples, and they co
60,they had taken up, they used helps, undergirding the ship; a
58,ehabiah the chief. And Eliezer had none other sons; but th
48, is come. 
And he said, Whereunto shall we liken
68,, and underneath are the everlasting arms: and he shall thrust out t
65,esh in water, and afterward he shall come into the camp, and the 
68,, and thy manservant, and thy maidservant, and the Levite that is wi
58,ed themselves together, and stood for their lives, and had
57,e children of Lot. Selah. 
Do unto them as unto the Midia
56,ts, and on the west side two thousand cubits, and on the
56, 
Let death seize upon them, and let them go down quick 
72,ut I will sacrifice unto thee with the voice of thanksgiving; I will pay
72,riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles; which is Christ 
69,rning, and your tithes after three years: 
And offer a sacrifice of t
64, Moses commanded, and ran into the midst of the congregation; an
62,reigned in his stead. 
And David said, I will shew kindness un
64,ne can turn to the right hand or to the left from ought that my 
72,, and bare Jacob the sixth son. 
And Leah said, God hath endued me with 
55,one to Jericho and her king, so he had done to Ai and h
62, promised, and have built the house for the name of the LORD G
62,y, and black as a raven. 
His eyes are as the eyes of doves by
57,ent before thee Moses, Aaron, and Miriam. 
O my people, r
65,he great goddess Diana, and of the image which fell down from Jup
71,n the way of Asa his father, and departed not from it, doing that which
60,ld me that I should be king over this people. 
And take with
56,ah, the family of the Shuthalhites: of Becher, the famil
58, earth, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of beast, and of 
64, heart be hasty to utter any thing before God: for God is in hea
54,pon the bases; 
One sea, and twelve oxen under it. 
Th
49,him. Do the rulers know indeed that this is the v
59, came forth a little horn, which waxed exceeding great, tow
57,cured, It is the sabbath day: it is not lawful for thee t
67,e king doth speak this thing as one which is faulty, in that the ki
56,ch sing among the branches. 
He watereth the hills from 
58,ities. 
When their judges are overthrown in stony places, 
54,unto them; and he did it not. 
But it displeased Jonah
58, Edom southward were Kabzeel, and Eder, and Jagur, 
And Ki
60, on such a nation as this? 
For the mountains will I take up
59,with water. 
And thou shalt take the garments, and put upon
55,e remission of sins that are past, through the forbeara
72,t; for it is in abundance: timber also and stone have I prepared; and th
72,into prison. 
Then Pharaoh's army was come forth out of Egypt: and when 
48,l speak. 
For it is not ye that speak, but the S
68, forty days. 
And they went and came to Moses, and to Aaron, and to 
54,alim and Ashtaroth: but now deliver us out of the hand
53,r coupling thereof, above the curious girdle of the e
62,nd as he passed over Penuel the sun rose upon him, and he halt
49,t overlived Joshua, and which had known all the w
48,d the kings thereof, and the princes thereof, to
60,d no lack; they gathered every man according to his eating. 
58,
Wherefore he called that place Beersheba; because there t
61,I needs bring thy son again unto the land from whence thou ca
58,t chamber to the highest by the midst. 
I saw also the hei
72,ds for your sheep; and do that which hath proceeded out of your mouth. 

65,, and how he had advanced him above the princes and servants of t
68,ese are the generations of Noah: Noah was a just man and perfect in 
71,essenger, and he that ministered to my wants. 
For he longed after you 
50,ved. 
Have ye not known? have ye not heard? hath i
61, the prison, which was in the king of Judah's house. 
For Zed
54,ul my father seeketh to kill thee: now therefore, I pr
69, blessed for evermore, knoweth that I lie not. 
In Damascus the gover
66, of the earth, shall shake at my presence, and the mountains shall
51,vessel wherein it is sodden shall be broken: and if
71,ll. 
It shall be eaten the same day ye offer it, and on the morrow: and
53,he firstborn of cattle. 
And Pharaoh rose up in the n
65,When a righteous man turneth away from his righteousness, and com
53,d's. 
To morrow go ye down against them: behold, they
60,all put them on a bar: 
And they shall take away the ashes f
59, new moons, and her sabbaths, and all her solemn feasts. 
A
59,a spoil to the nations. 
And her daughters which are in the
69,, shall be in danger of the council: but whosoever shall say, Thou fo
70, enter therein, and they to whom it was first preached entered not in 
55, land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be w
68,m them, neither knew they the things which were spoken. 
And it came
71, they hide themselves, they mark my steps, when they wait for my soul. 
68,n thy majesty ride prosperously because of truth and meekness and ri
65,salute our master; and he railed on them. 
But the men were very 
57,m gave them a sign, saying, Whomsoever I shall kiss, that
58,but life from the dead? 
For if the firstfruit be holy, th
50,r the same Lord over all is rich unto all that cal
65,cense of rams; I will offer bullocks with goats. Selah. 
Come and
56,my name: and I say not unto you, that I will pray the Fa
51,yene even unto the border of Ethiopia. 
No foot of 
64,e thee, neither shall there any after thee have the like. 
Then 
56,h shall cease; and the mountains of Israel shall be deso
68,you, ye also shall continue in the Son, and in the Father. 
And this
61,ath, and from the islands of the sea. 
And he shall set up an
51,iada the priest, (for she was the sister of Ahaziah
68,est not suffer the revengers of blood to destroy any more, lest they
67,rness to salute our master; and he railed on them. 
But the men wer
51,ambs, shall be according to their number, after the
64,hters. 
And the firstborn said unto the younger, Our father is o
52, all the people, even all the children of Israel, be
67,and they shall fight against it, and take it, and burn it with fire
57,hout blemish of the first year for a burnt offering unto 
55,: 
His sons, and his sons' sons with him, his daughters
69, riches; neither saith he, For whom do I labour, and bereave my soul 
50,tablished him king over Israel, and that he had ex
61, his mercies are great: and let me not fall into the hand of 
66,at I were as in months past, as in the days when God preserved me;
71,and a fool when he is filled with meat; 
For an odious woman when she i
53, merchants. 
These were thy merchants in all sorts of
56,art true, and teachest the way of God in truth, neither 
59,th when Lot entered into Zoar. 
Then the LORD rained upon S
56,and saying, Hew the tree down, and destroy it; yet leave
48,ay their sons and their daughters, and burn up t
71, of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together, aga
57,he LORD came to Jeremiah the prophet, that he would accom
67,d fault? For who hath resisted his will? 
Nay but, O man, who art t
69,, 
For to do whatsoever thy hand and thy counsel determined before to
54,of David, and there was there a great slaughter that d
57,be. 
Then answered Bildad the Shuhite, and said, 
How lon
71, whom men have committed much, of him they will ask the more. 
I am com
54,the sea, and all things that are therein: 
Who in time
55,he border of Edom the wilderness of Zin southward was t
57,f work to be made by the hands of artificers. And who the
62, the sale of his patrimony. 
When thou art come into the land 
69,tween the cherubims unto the fire that was between the cherubims, and
72,ars be many, and his soul be not filled with good, and also that he have
51,elves, and the rulers take counsel together, agains
67,children of Israel stoned him with stones, that he died. But king R
69,rds shall find more favour than he that flattereth with the tongue. 

48,the faces of elders were not honoured. 
They too
72,r neighbour, jewels of silver and jewels of gold. 
And the LORD gave the
60,n. 
And God said unto Abraham, Let it not be grievous in thy
50,t they had of Cyrus king of Persia. 
Now in the se
51,owbeit there came other boats from Tiberias nigh un
48,e made perfect, that we may have boldness in the
49,r God. And all his days they departed not from fo
62,Israel: but they hearkened not unto Moses for anguish of spiri
53,at I may find grace in thy sight. 
And the messengers
66,s which he hath made, in praise, and in name, and in honour; and t
65, crying, These that have turned the world upside down are come hi
67,which the LORD thy God doth give thee for an inheritance, thou shal
50,who are called Uncircumcision by that which is cal
49,e LORD our God: his judgments are in all the eart
56,nd forsook it, because there was no grass. 
And the wild
62,new their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; 
52,This is the thing which the LORD hath commanded, say
52, compassed him in, and laid wait for him all night i
61,the eyes of them that see shall not be dim, and the ears of t
64, it came to pass about the spring of the day, that Samuel called
69,his house? 
And they shall answer, Because they forsook the LORD thei
68,t is sown in corruption; it is raised in incorruption: 
It is sown i
72, we have not preached, or if ye receive another spirit, which ye have no
57,n. 
But the LORD hath taken you, and brought you forth ou
61,appeared unto him an angel of the Lord standing on the right 
51,oke of their torment ascendeth up for ever and ever
68, that I made with their fathers in the day that I took them by the h
49,nt Timotheus, our brother, and minister of God, a
72,spised among men. 
Thy terribleness hath deceived thee, and the pride of
67,ess. 
And David numbered the people that were with him, and set cap
50,them oft in every synagogue, and compelled them to
65,yrians, and went up to Aphek, to fight against Israel. 
And the c
49,or a sign, not to them that believe, but to them 
53,gered thereby. 
If the iron be blunt, and he do not w
54,not one locust in all the coasts of Egypt. 
But the LO
54, thou shouldest not have looked on the day of thy brot
63,ere they have laid him. 
Peter therefore went forth, and that o
49,God did beseech you by us: we pray you in Christ'
64,d saw his sons, and his sons' sons, even four generations. 
So J
69,is none beside me. 
Look unto me, and be ye saved, all the ends of th
61,e drew me out of many waters. 
He delivered me from my strong
59,he whole multitude was by the sea on the land. 
And he taug
71, anointed with the holy oil. 
But if the slayer shall at any time come 
56, sockets three. 
And for the gate of the court shall be 
66, LORD were come up out of the midst of Jordan, and the soles of th
57,he prayeth, 
And hath seen in a vision a man named Anania
63,bread, and one cake of oiled bread, and one wafer out of the ba
52,old in a swine's snout, so is a fair woman which is 
72,spoken lying words in my name, which I have not commanded them; even I k
56,
Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? shall tr
56,ck, and write upon it, For Joseph, the stick of Ephraim 
57,s; because I follow the thing that good is. 
Forsake me n
68,shekels, each bowl seventy: all the silver vessels weighed two thous
62,efore them, and pleased Herod. 
Whereupon he promised with an 
68,hall the weak brother perish, for whom Christ died? 
But when ye sin
65,me down by the covert on the hill, and, behold, David and his men
59, take possession of the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite, 
69,er to be called in question for this day's uproar, there being no cau
67,d troubled about many things: 
But one thing is needful: and Mary h
60,before me: 
I gathered me also silver and gold, and the pecu
57,pake unto Moses in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jeri
59, be grown, and then return. 
And when the children of Ammon
48, answer thou me. 
Where wast thou when I laid th
66,ORD. 
The elders of the daughter of Zion sit upon the ground, and 
52, multitude away, and went into the house: and his di
54,fe's mother laid, and sick of a fever. 
And he touched
68,hem, 
The Jews ordained, and took upon them, and upon their seed, an
60,ght of the keeper of the prison. 
And the keeper of the pris
50, they stoned Stephen, calling upon God, and saying
50,rn blasted before it be grown up. 
But I know thy 
62,he that sat on him had a bow; and a crown was given unto him: 
58,ll the cattle that was with him in the ark: and God made a
50,eth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat. 

63,ve grievously rebelled: abroad the sword bereaveth, at home the
63,y shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall lay my vengeance 
60,ritance. 
But the Nethinims dwelt in Ophel: and Ziha and Gis
48,iah, Piltai: 
Of Bilgah, Shammua; of Shemaiah, J
51, over against Cnidus, the wind not suffering us, we
65,Moses, the tent, and all his furniture, his taches, his boards, h
50,as the servants of God. 
Honour all men. Love the 
50,ay, when thou shalt go into an inner chamber to hi
59,r, and said, Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water in a ves
51,n thy feet have trodden shall be thine inheritance,
61,e drink of the water of the well of Bethlehem, that is at the
52,s arm, dividing the water before them, to make himse
56,ree darts in his hand, and thrust them through the heart
61,off from their mouth. 
Cut off thine hair, O Jerusalem, and c
72, when they came out of the land of Egypt. 
And it came to pass, when the
52, prey. 
For I have set my face against this city for
62,n the presence of his friend. 
He loveth transgression that lo
64,Joash was minded to repair the house of the LORD. 
And he gather
68, wronged thee, or oweth thee ought, put that on mine account; 
I Pau
51,r, yea, gather together, O nation not desired; 
Bef
67,oxen, and seven times shall pass over thee, until thou know that th
71,seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened. 
If a son
66,hlon, as one goeth to Hamath, Hazarenan, the border of Damascus no
58,, why is this come to pass in Israel, that there should be
48,th harrows of iron, and with axes. Even so dealt
55, enter into them. And he suffered them. 
Then went the 
69, draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners; and purify your he
55, is God that girdeth me with strength, and maketh my wa
55,, saying, Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me clean.
48, to the people, a leader and commander to the pe
63, my very son Esau? And he said, I am. 
And he said, Bring it ne
68,d said unto him, Give me thy vineyard for money; or else, if it plea
48,like. Let every man be fully persuaded in his ow
59,have done perversely, we have committed wickedness; 
And so
57,and; it shall come as a destruction from the Almighty. 
T
69,hing, I pray thee, hinder thee from coming unto me: 
For I will promo
59,turn again to thee, and confess thy name, and pray, and mak
50, man or woman, that hath wrought wickedness in the
72,ring and offering oftentimes the same sacrifices, which can never take a
61, resurrection. 
And they took him, and brought him unto Areop
51, the great horn that is between his eyes is the fir
62,bulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world. 
Th
54, the mystery of iniquity doth already work: only he wh
54,Obey them that have the rule over you, and submit your
66,; 
(Yea, a sword shall pierce through thy own soul also,) that the
70,s of Benhadad. 
I will break also the bar of Damascus, and cut off the
60, 
Then I said, I have laboured in vain, I have spent my stre
66,d, and the vessels of brass and of iron, they put into the treasur
58,he servants did strike him with the palms of their hands. 
57,fore thee seven ways. 
The LORD shall command the blessin
68,and: and he arose, and went to Mesopotamia, unto the city of Nahor. 
48,and I have heard the voice of thy words, saying,
54,l thee to keep the king's commandment, and that in reg
62,dained thee a prophet unto the nations. 
Then said I, Ah, Lord
65,tters, it shall be determined in a lawful assembly. 
For we are i
56, witness for thee? what thing shall I liken to thee, O d
70,die. 
And Rebekah heard when Isaac spake to Esau his son. And Esau wen
69, dew of heaven, and let his portion be with the beasts of the field, 
68,e hand of our enemies, and we will serve thee. 
And the LORD sent Je
68, 
In that day the LORD with his sore and great and strong sword shal
58,e Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD, when I have got
50, horns of the altar shall be cut off, and fall to 
62,. 
Now it was in the heart of David my father to build an hous
59,l be few, that a child may write them. 
And it shall come t
49,ed over Abner, and said, Died Abner as a fool die
69,walls. 
And he made the most holy house, the length whereof was accor
56,ein we were held; that we should serve in newness of spi
50, of the Lord. 
And he shall send Jesus Christ, whi
49,t them all forth, and kneeled down, and prayed; a
72, thousand. 
Furthermore over the tribes of Israel: the ruler of the Reub
69,
And over the king's treasures was Azmaveth the son of Adiel: and ove
65,use certain which said, Thy daughter is dead: why troublest thou 
55, not after the tradition which he received of us. 
For 
72,trong drink; and to morrow shall be as this day, and much more abundant.
68,s taught them: 
Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of I
68,oy from among his people. 
Ye shall do no manner of work: it shall b
64,ing all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto 
53,ndred and five and thirty days. 
But go thou thy way 
67,ut thou shalt go unto my country, and to my kindred, and take a wif
57,the flood came, and destroyed them all. 
Likewise also as
64,kness; and the darkness comprehended it not. 
There was a man se
66,ery people after their language; in the name of king Ahasuerus was
50, hath no strength? 
How hast thou counselled him t
66, he wrote there upon the stones a copy of the law of Moses, which 
62,d said, Friend, I do thee no wrong: didst not thou agree with 
71,led us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of
49,seed after thee; Every man child among you shall 
53, thousand. 
And on the other side of Jordan, of the R
56,bitants of Chaldea all their evil that they have done in
61,
And the rib, which the LORD God had taken from man, made he 
51,morning: I say, more than they that watch for the m
58,evil way; and God repented of the evil, that he had said t
58,y did unto them likewise. 
But last of all he sent unto th
52,s by themselves, and put them not unto Laban's cattl
59,of the Heberites: of Malchiel, the family of the Malchielit
52,For the froward is abomination to the LORD: but his 
67,. 
And when we had finished our course from Tyre, we came to Ptolem
54, and said, Because the LORD hated us, he hath brought 
68, when the LORD your God was your king. 
Now therefore behold the kin
50,fruit had ye then in those things whereof ye are n
66, were in the land of Israel; and he set masons to hew wrought ston
71, Abimelech's servants had violently taken away. 
And Abimelech said, I 
68,he seer, and put him in a prison house; for he was in a rage with hi
53,rophet, as the LORD their God had sent him, and the p
58, into the mountain: 
And see the land, what it is, and the
58,w that the LORD will maintain the cause of the afflicted, 
55,RD, saying, Shall I go and smite these Philistines? And
60, God, and escheweth evil? 
Then Satan answered the LORD, and
63, of the congregation: 
And he shall offer his offering unto the
49,eemed? 
And the servants of Saul told him, saying
55,hat heweth therewith? or shall the saw magnify itself a
56,thee, and be thou a guard unto them. 
After many days th
54,earth shall be devoured with the fire of my jealousy. 
50,e serve thee, and nations bow down to thee: be lor
63,horses, and upon their chariots, and upon all the mingled peopl
62,r Saul, he made havock of the church, entering into every hous
60,go and serve other gods, which ye have not known; 
Then shal
50,they did eat of the old corn of the land on the mo
66,e one tabernacle. 
And he made curtains of goats' hair for the ten
63,und the man, out of whom the devils were departed, sitting at t
52,ill bring seven times more plagues upon you accordin
69, against Saul, and the archers hit him; and he was sore wounded of th
50, will yet plead with you, saith the LORD, and with
54,king's hand. 
And Saul said, Blessed be ye of the LORD
50,, the Ammonites, the Moabites, the Egyptians, and 
71,on the first day of the seventh month. 
And he read therein before the 
66,And I will strengthen them in the LORD; and they shall walk up and
65,e sent him. 
Then the Spirit of the LORD came upon Jephthah, and 
70,im to depart out of their coasts. 
And when he was come into the ship,
51,ch. 
And herein I give my advice: for this is exped
51,se than their fathers. 
Therefore thou shalt speak 
68, of Jesus: and Pilate gave him leave. He came therefore, and took th
55,ndlestick before the LORD continually. 
And thou shalt 
48,er, and unto them will I give it, and they shall
59,should hope? and what is mine end, that I should prolong my
56,im. 
And Samson said unto them, I will now put forth a r
69,hewed, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the king
55,you concerning bread, that ye should beware of the leav
63, have said unto you be circumspect: and make no mention of the 
69, the height thereof shall be three cubits. 
And thou shalt make the h
48,ore Mamre; 
The field which Abraham purchased of
54,it was told Saul, he sent other messengers, and they p
51,on king of Israel sin by these things? yet among ma
68,hes thereof were before them. 
And the gate of the inner court was o
70, and slayeth him, even so is this matter: 
For he found her in the fie
65,he work of the apothecary. 
And he made the altar of burnt offeri
67, Bechorath, the son of Aphiah, a Benjamite, a mighty man of power. 
66,d a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell f
64,pened he their understanding, that they might understand the scr
54,f the porch, and put out the lamps, and have not burne
62, Moab; and the children of Ammon shall obey them. 
And the LOR
69,pon thee, saith the Lord GOD. 
But thou didst trust in thine own beau
68,er things are come to pass, and new things do I declare: before they
59, the plain shall be destroyed, as the LORD hath spoken. 
Gi
66,he oracle, and they were not seen without: and there they are unto
56,he ark of God, and pitched for it a tent. 
Then David sa
52,ah, and unto Rachel, and unto the two handmaids. 
An
62,s in Christ, both which are in heaven, and which are on earth;
63,lying serpent. 
And the firstborn of the poor shall feed, and t
61,ne judgment and justice: leave me not to mine oppressors. 
Be
58, four rings of gold, to be set by the four corners of it; 
62,od; 
And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and
70,of Azriel: 
Of the children of Ephraim, Hoshea the son of Azaziah: of 
58,e and gone from the place of the holy, and they were forgo
52, to iniquity unto iniquity; even so now yield your m
64,rk. 
And he built the inner court with three rows of hewed stone
57,their dead bodies shall lie in the street of the great ci
54,the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God an
65,ce where they did offer sweet savour to all their idols. 
So will
67,behold, I sent this kid, and thou hast not found her. 
And it came 
52,f Christ he was nigh unto death, not regarding his l
56,King, the LORD of hosts. 
Then flew one of the seraphims
67,garment of fine linen and purple: and the city of Shushan rejoiced 
67,of Israel saith, I said indeed that thy house, and the house of thy
57,on of Christ: 
Buried with him in baptism, wherein also y
48,bad of mine own mind; but what the LORD saith, t
63,which is as thine own soul, entice thee secretly, saying, Let u
49,e pure blood of the grape. 
But Jeshurun waxed fa
72,nd Samuel sent all the people away, every man to his house. 
And Saul al
50, the molten images, Ye are our gods. 
Hear, ye dea
54,n him on the wood with fire: where the ashes are poure
72,m's children of the third generation: the children also of Machir the so
58,ents, and do them: I am the LORD. 
Neither shall ye profan
71,shall prepare that which they bring in; and it shall be twice as much a
51, pass, that when Zedekiah the king of Judah saw the
66,y name, and hast not denied my faith, even in those days wherein A
49,o me unreasonable to send a prisoner, and not wit
67,s and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted fro
51,ake. 
Then a spirit passed before my face; the hair
56,es, but thou shalt not anoint thee with oil; and sweet w
48,uproar of the people. 
And being in Bethany in t
56, laid the foundation, and is not able to finish it, all 
71, Abraham, which was the son of Thara, which was the son of Nachor, 
Whi
54,ed not to the first three. 
Benaiah the son of Jehoiad
72,ct to hear the church, let him be unto thee as an heathen man and a publ
52,l of bloody crimes, and the city is full of violence
54,tion: he is my God, and I will prepare him an habitati
72,t, one sort with another; for the governors of the sanctuary, and govern
62,cation, and not to destruction. 
Finally, brethren, farewell. 
72,ve a prophet's reward; and he that receiveth a righteous man in the name
70,thou have consumed them. 
And all the prophets prophesied so, saying, 
50, and not using your liberty for a cloke of malicio
70,t the child died. And the servants of David feared to tell him that th
69,t rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon 
62,not kill them, but that they should be tormented five months: 
64,: 
Lest they drink, and forget the law, and pervert the judgment
61,d told him, saying, Joseph is yet alive, and he is governor o
54,f old, consider the years of many generations: ask thy
61,hose things which were told them by the shepherds. 
But Mary 
62,ssachar, and out of the tribe of Asher, and out of the tribe o
48,rvest, in the first days, in the beginning of ba
70, away that night. 
Now the Philistines gathered together all their arm
72,d the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 
Speak unto the children of Israel,
48,present world, and is departed unto Thessalonica
72,ey had seen before with him in the city Trophimus an Ephesian, whom they
54,ill he make a covenant with thee? wilt thou take him f
66, this day. 
And the high priest Ananias commanded them that stood 
69, the spirit, he spake and taught diligently the things of the Lord, k
58,nocent blood. And they said, What is that to us? see thou 
68,lossom, neither shall fruit be in the vines; the labour of the olive
72,, Ye shall not serve the king of Babylon: 
For they prophesy a lie unto 
62,hout the temple leave out, and measure it not; for it is given
64,e: and in the seventh he shall go out free for nothing. 
If he c
50,t thou now govern the kingdom of Israel? arise, an
62,hus saith the Lord GOD of hosts, Go, get thee unto this treasu
69,ng's house, and there followed him a mess of meat from the king. 
But
59,l be an holy convocation: ye shall do no servile work there
70,th to their bones; it is withered, it is become like a stick. 
They th
70, because thou wentest up to thy father's bed; then defiledst thou it: 
49,thel do unto you because of your great wickedness
