1000
68,go up; for in the going down of Horonaim the enemies have heard a cr
64,ORD will cast her out, and he will smite her power in the sea; a
61,rd; neither are there any works like unto thy works. 
All nat
62, they had a great while ago repented, sitting in sackcloth and
71,n the streets of Jerusalem, saying, Hear ye the words of this covenant,
72, wilt thou pursue the dry stubble? 
For thou writest bitter things again
57,ur of the world. 
Now after two days he departed thence, 
48,on at unawares. 
And they shall be unto you citi
66, his arrows. 
He couched, he lay down as a lion, and as a great li
54,n: but I have gathered them unto their own land, and h
70,th of Jesus Christ was on this wise: When as his mother Mary was espou
72,and the names of his three sons that went to the battle were Eliab the f
52,along by the altar and the temple, by the king round
66,ommanded them not. 
And there went out fire from the LORD, and dev
69,s neighbour. This is also vanity and vexation of spirit. 
The fool fo
56, LORD that hath chosen Jerusalem rebuke thee: is not thi
53,e arrow which Jonathan had shot, Jonathan cried after
64, Abaddon, but in the Greek tongue hath his name Apollyon. 
One w
71, of leprosy, that thou observe diligently, and do according to all that
71,y were stronger than we; but let us fight against them in the plain, an
63,her palaces for a refuge. 
For, lo, the kings were assembled, t
51,ents, and coveredst them: and thou hast set mine oi
60,from them, threescore cities, all the region of Argob, the k
62,with fear. 
Whose adorning let it not be that outward adorning
61,ands? 
He answered and said unto them, Well hath Esaias proph
66,of Egypt, he, and his wife, and all that he had, and Lot with him,
51,have commanded my sanctified ones, I have also call
59,aid, What honour and dignity hath been done to Mordecai for
63,an hour that he is not aware of, 
And shall cut him asunder, an
61,hey were counted as a strange thing. 
They sacrifice flesh fo
59,re hath the LORD done thus unto this great city? 
Then they
57,of whom are all things, and we in him; and one Lord Jesus
70, for my sake, for a testimony against them. 
And the gospel must first
60,y of Succoth. 
Gilead is mine, and Manasseh is mine; Ephraim
55,ying, Heal her now, O God, I beseech thee. 
And the LOR
66,, The prophets prophesy lies in my name: I sent them not, neither 
60, Shebaniah, Hodijah, Kelita, Pelaiah, Hanan, 
Micha, Rehob, 
50,ht to answer every man. 
All my state shall Tychic
52,ittle had no lack. 
But thanks be to God, which put 
54,the house that I have built for thy name: 
Then hear t
62,. 
For I also am a man set under authority, having under me so
54,gs. 
And the priest shall wave them with the bread of 
69,d we will report it. All my familiars watched for my halting, saying,
51,he belly of hell cried I, and thou heardest my voic
71,ith water. 
And thou shalt put upon Aaron the holy garments, and anoint
52,sweet smelling myrrh. 
His hands are as gold rings s
62, come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to de
51,k; and as soon as it was sprung up, it withered awa
63,ords. 
Then cometh he to his disciples, and saith unto them, Sl
58,Son of God, God dwelleth in him, and he in God. 
And we ha
51,to the hold to the wilderness men of might, and men
50,h was given thee by prophecy, with the laying on o
52,hall be laid in the midst of the uncircumcised with 
65,, 
Thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not go up, nor fight against you
70,e angel of the LORD, What is thy name, that when thy sayings come to p
51,ittle: thou mayest not consume them at once, lest t
48, found, both let him die, and we also will be my
56,e people therefore saw that Jesus was not there, neither
52,oice, and wept. 
And they said unto her, Surely we w
61,romise drew nigh, which God had sworn to Abraham, the people 
53,shall choose. 
His soul shall dwell at ease; and his 
60,r battle in array? am not I a Philistine, and ye servants to
56,e son of Zeruiah, Joab's brother, and a third part under
60,aharath, 
And Rabbith, and Kishion, and Abez, 
And Remeth, a
56,heir father. 
This is the inheritance of the tribe of th
48,to pass, that on one of those days, as he taught
51,e these things upon me? For the greatness of thine 
54, of great stature, whose fingers and toes were four an
56, even set my face against that soul, and will cut him of
66,hets that make my people err, that bite with their teeth, and cry,
71,nd Master, have washed your feet; ye also ought to wash one another's f
68,ent me: for he that is least among you all, the same shall be great.
55,ght her to him; and he went in unto her. 
And Laban gav
50,s of his chariots and horsemen. 
And these were th
65,ords, and made of cedar, among thy merchandise. 
The ships of Tar
62,said again unto Esther on the second day at the banquet of win
57,wn, then the congregation shall offer a young bullock for
70,rose, and all the people of war, to go up against Ai: and Joshua chose
69,o hurt. 
Yet ye have not hearkened unto me, saith the LORD; that ye m
66, winds of heaven. 
And out of one of them came forth a little horn
55,ght. 
And the Jews marvelled, saying, How knoweth this 
68,f God: these ought ye to have done, and not to leave the other undon
71,e. 
And his fame went throughout all Syria: and they brought unto him a
70, saith the LORD, thy Redeemer, the Holy One of Israel; I am the LORD t
51,outh of the prophets, which were in the day that th
64,the forces, and all the people, obeyed not the voice of the LORD
61,gave the people favour in the sight of the Egyptians, so that
55,ll deliver it into thine hand this day; and thou shalt 
65,ho in the days of his flesh, when he had offered up prayers and s
55,s is dumb, so he openeth not his mouth. 
He was taken f
72,him, and he in God. 
And we have known and believed the love that God ha
57,ll with him: was not this to know me? saith the LORD. 
Bu
50,, and blessed her; yea, the queens and the concubi
51,his son be dead? 
And the young man that told him s
66,tables of stone, and a law, and commandments which I have written;
55,'s garden, and unto the stairs that go down from the ci
66,roubled; 
But sanctify the Lord God in your hearts: and be ready a
63, so much the more a great deal they published it; 
And were bey
54,sh, and went along the highway, lowing as they went, a
50,hat they might conceive among the rods. 
But when 
53,e LORD, happy is he. 
The wise in heart shall be call
64,ed with bread. 
Those that remain of him shall be buried in deat
55, 
Where the word of a king is, there is power: and who 
65,are not known. 
Thou leddest thy people like a flock by the hand 
55,the day of battle. 
Grant not, O LORD, the desires of t
60,ither we flee for help to be delivered from the king of Assy
71,e long their furrows. 
The LORD is righteous: he hath cut asunder the c
66,e the place where the Lord lay. 
And go quickly, and tell his disc
55,o twenty basons of gold, of a thousand drams; and two v
50,livered them out of the hand of those that spoiled
71,mit adultery? thou that abhorrest idols, dost thou commit sacrilege? 
T
53,the Philistines, and all the Canaanites, and the Sido
63, of Israel unto Abel, and to Bethmaachah, and all the Berites: 
60,e Jews. 
Write ye also for the Jews, as it liketh you, in th
60,And he straitly charged them, and commanded them to tell no 
58,thief. Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garmen
60, of Ahira the son of Enan. 
This was the dedication of the a
64,her Helem; Zophah, and Imna, and Shelesh, and Amal. 
The sons of
49,hat the passages are stopped, and the reeds they 
72,d the Priests of the LORD: men shall call you the Ministers of our God: 
57,t were grown up with him spake unto him, saying, Thus sha
66, 
None of them can by any means redeem his brother, nor give to Go
60,he lay down as a lion, and as a great lion: who shall stir h
59,hat I should do this: is not this the blood of the men that
62, be obedient unto his voice; 
(For the LORD thy God is a merci
70,d, which is he that betrayeth thee? 
Peter seeing him saith to Jesus, 
72,t the valley of Shaveh, which is the king's dale. 
And Melchizedek king 
55,g; I give it all. 
And king David said to Ornan, Nay; b
48,f; yea, his heart taketh not rest in the night. 
60,urteen cubits long and fourteen broad in the four squares th
63,ely with a mighty hand, and with a stretched out arm, and with 
55,may be said, See, this is new? it hath been already of 
49,sober, just, holy, temperate; 
Holding fast the f
48,nia, Paul's companions in travel, they rushed wi
56,RD of hosts, doth take away from Jerusalem and from Juda
61, 
Thou meetest him that rejoiceth and worketh righteousness, 
60,ttle, and I will shew thee that I have yet to speak on God's
50,or a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five 
69,aying, This is the land which ye shall inherit by lot, which the LORD
70, I heard another out of the altar say, Even so, Lord God Almighty, tru
51,, that they slew them not. 
And Joshua made them th
48,n the sabbath days. 
And they were astonished at
49,
And Solomon said unto God, Thou hast shewed grea
66,e ointment of the spices. 
And Mattithiah, one of the Levites, who
56,uilt cities in the mountains of Judah, and in the forest
63,ering mingled with oil: for to day the LORD will appear unto yo
55,s: 
Wherein they think it strange that ye run not with 
50, David in Hebron. 
And it came to pass, while ther
48,ch any other gospel unto you than that which we 
64,uble I have prepared for the house of the LORD an hundred thousa
53,welfare, let it become a trap. 
Let their eyes be dar
50,tle faith, why reason ye among yourselves, because
61,out of her place, and the pillars thereof tremble. 
Which com
69,er, and hast made me to reign in his stead. 
Now, O LORD God, let thy
66,D doth man live. 
Thy raiment waxed not old upon thee, neither did
72, of the tabernacle of the house of God. 
But Aaron and his sons offered 
65, Behold, I will send and take Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon,
50,ld go into the temple to save his life? I will not
59,rejoiced with exceeding great joy. 
And when they were come
69,y life; for I am not better than my fathers. 
And as he lay and slept
53,heir visitation. 
The voice of them that flee and esc
67,ng, 
The incense that ye burned in the cities of Judah, and in the 
61, him, and brought him unto Areopagus, saying, May we know wha
50,had made was not able to receive the burnt offerin
50,e word of truth, by the power of God, by the armou
71,ow will I gather them, and they shall sorrow a little for the burden of
48,as poured, and that is consecrated to put on the
53,u shalt sanctify unto the LORD thy God: thou shalt do
54,ry them for thee there: and it shall be, that of whom 
48, to his fellow; the screech owl also shall rest 
70,Beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth 
48,es from me, saith the LORD; because thou hast fo
48,offer that which is for the sin offering first, 
57,t sitteth on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb: 
50,d with thy tabrets, and shalt go forth in the danc
57,vites, were in all the cities of Judah, every one in his 
67, not, neither be afraid: have not I told thee from that time, and h
72,e not our prayer before the LORD our God, that we might turn from our in
51,him, Son, why hast thou thus dealt with us? behold,
71,hall be a statute for ever in your generations. 
He shall order the lam
70,said, Is this Naomi? 
And she said unto them, Call me not Naomi, call 
64, glory and honour and thanks to him that sat on the throne, who 
48,s; In those days it shall come to pass, that ten
58,unto Bethel: and Jeroboam stood by the altar to burn incen
49,whoredom, and Israel is defiled. 
They will not f
59,ren of Joseph, Manasseh and Ephraim, took their inheritance
59,ll: though thou shouldest make thy nest as high as the eagl
63,ke Lotan, duke Shobal, duke Zibeon, duke Anah, 
Duke Dishon, du
66,us house, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Set on a pot
50, 
And I said unto the king, If it please the king,
53,t to death. 
And if he smite him with throwing a ston
53,le began to bring the offerings into the house of the
65,er you, as a cart is pressed that is full of sheaves. 
Therefore 
58,ow that thus saith the LORD of the king that sitteth upon 
56,the field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of
51, according to the fewness of years thou shalt dimin
55,ngels came out of the temple, having the seven plagues,
50,ly shoot at the upright in heart. 
If the foundati
69,e house of my father: for thy servant knew nothing of all this, less 
65,as a drunken man staggereth in his vomit. 
Neither shall there be
48,ounding cymbals. 
Let every thing that hath brea
70,p, 
Was returning, and sitting in his chariot read Esaias the prophet.
66, thirst. 
Yea, forty years didst thou sustain them in the wilderne
50,d wine, and oil, and multiplied her silver and gol
60, he rent his clothes, and put sackcloth upon his flesh, and 
56,tream beat vehemently upon that house, and could not sha
69,e them that lead them captive, so that they shall come again into thi
70,All hands shall be feeble, and all knees shall be weak as water. 
They
66,. 
And Moses and Eleazar the priest did as the LORD commanded Mose
61, his kingdom ruleth over all. 
Bless the LORD, ye his angels,
64, rested the sabbath day according to the commandment. 
Now upon 
56,ent to recover his border at the river Euphrates. 
And D
66, went the Levites in to do their service in the tabernacle of the 
57,dren of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred sev
49,g obtained eternal redemption for us. 
For if the
61,people from the least even unto the greatest, came near, 
And
54, his hands in the midst of them, as he that swimmeth s
65,ies; for they are many; and they hate me with cruel hatred. 
O ke
48, he was come near, he beheld the city, and wept 
59,lk not: neither speak they through their throat. 
They that
53,ms of the wellfavoured harlot, the mistress of witchc
56, it for a wave offering before the LORD; and it shall be
58,crease Israel like to the stars of the heavens. 
Joab the 
67,e in the garden of God, envied him. 
Therefore thus saith the Lord 
62, Lo, now speakest thou plainly, and speakest no proverb. 
Now 
56, a sin offering: 
And for a sacrifice of peace offerings
51, be left one stone upon another, that shall not be 
57, harp, to give thanks and to praise the LORD. 
Of Heman: 
53,, O LORD? wilt thou hold thy peace, and afflict us ve
60,eor, in the land of Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwelt at
69,e is a mart of nations. 
Be thou ashamed, O Zidon: for the sea hath s
58,those things. And Jonathan brought David to Saul, and he w
61,d up, so that he could not pull it in again to him. 
The alta
53,hat a man is not justified by the works of the law, b
48, saying, When ye fasted and mourned in the fifth
50,dgments which I speak in your ears this day, that 
63,tify unto you these things in the churches. I am the root and t
57,not been forsaken, nor Judah of his God, of the LORD of h
67,e him: for he himself knew what he would do. 
Philip answered him, 
53,
Then commanded Belshazzar, and they clothed Daniel w
61,you also in preaching the gospel of Christ: 
Not boasting of 
64,uble; they are glad that thou hast done it: thou wilt bring the 
54,e tabernacle southward. 
And he lighted the lamps befo
65, harp: I myself will awake early. 
I will praise thee, O LORD, am
66,ore deliver up their children to the famine, and pour out their bl
68,ch as fear God, men of truth, hating covetousness; and place such ov
55,ys shall the righteous flourish; and abundance of peace
68,All that were numbered in the camp of Reuben were an hundred thousan
57,nation; that the name of Israel may be no more in remembr
56,e son of Reuben: 
And the border went up toward Debir fr
70,there is no God like thee, in heaven above, or on earth beneath, who k
65, and Bethharan, fenced cities: and folds for sheep. 
And the chil
72, earth, is mount Zion, on the sides of the north, the city of the great 
61,hat creepeth upon the earth. 
For I am the LORD that bringeth
57,b, shall no more again stay upon him that smote them; but
49,at day, and would let him go no more home to his 
59,e; 
Because of the voice of the enemy, because of the oppre
66,, and mine heart shall sound like pipes for the men of Kirheres: b
68, of Saul. 
And all the congregation said that they would do so: for 
56,stones, shall fall; and a stormy wind shall rend it. 
Lo
62, ye do. 
When I blow with a trumpet, I and all that are with m
55,
And the wild beasts of the islands shall cry in their 
60,h, let every one of them pass away: like the untimely birth 
66,u hast redeemed out of Egypt? 
For thy people Israel didst thou ma
56, thing sown by the brooks, shall wither, be driven away,
57,d Rosh, Muppim, and Huppim, and Ard. 
These are the sons 
63,rd heaven. 
And said, O LORD God of Israel, there is no God lik
65, all the inhabitants of the land from before you, therefore we we
56,f heaven worshippeth thee. 
Thou art the LORD the God, w
57,ty and five years, and begat Methuselah: 
And Enoch walke
53,ome shortly. 
Yet I supposed it necessary to send to 
65,r all things that are commanded thee of God. 
Then Peter opened h
56,es of their detestable and abominable things. 
O LORD, m
60, LORD, they set the priests in their apparel with trumpets, 
70,of Jacob. 
Take a psalm, and bring hither the timbrel, the pleasant ha
69,sons of Ulam; Bedan. These were the sons of Gilead, the son of Machir
50,r. 
And the south quarter was from the end of Kirj
60,nd said, What do we? for this man doeth many miracles. 
If w
59,ined the foundations. 
Be it known now unto the king, that,
60,ify the altar: and it shall be an altar most holy. 
And thou
57,man be as the cities which the LORD overthrew, and repent
49,aid unto the young man that bare his armour, Come
49,ness to his house, that he may set his nest on hi
66,
Afterwards the spirit took me up, and brought me in a vision by t
51,of wayfaring men; that I might leave my people, and
51,ields, which is of you kept back by fraud, crieth: 
63,w, when the Philistines came to strip the slain, that they foun
72,er of Ahaziah,) hid him from Athaliah, so that she slew him not. 
And he
55, corrupted themselves, their spot is not the spot of hi
54,which were born unto him in Hebron; the firstborn Amno
59,d murderers: 
Who have received the law by the disposition 
68,from him all his armour wherein he trusted, and divideth his spoils.
58,clear from this my oath, when thou comest to my kindred; a
53, afraid of our lives because of you, and have done th
62,th on wind, and followeth after the east wind: he daily increa
65, have received their inheritance beyond Jordan on the east, which
66,nto his servant that was set over the reapers, Whose damsel is thi
50,f be divided between many and few. 
And these are 
62,nt and cast him into prison, till he should pay the debt. 
So 
53,ailing in birth, and pained to be delivered. 
And the
72,t I may ride thereon, and go to the king; because thy servant is lame. 

48,oab, and Jashubilehem. And these are ancient thi
54, upon him, and he judged Israel, and went out to war: 
67,e leadeth counsellors away spoiled, and maketh the judges fools. 
H
62,s epistle is read among you, cause that it be read also in the
70,than with a contentious and an angry woman. 
There is treasure to be d
53,ther such as I am, except these bonds. 
And when he h
66,led you in the matter of Peor, and in the matter of Cozbi, the dau
49,s of the earth? declare, if thou hast understandi
62,for money, that ye may eat; and ye shall also buy water of the
67,say they, doth hear? 
But thou, O LORD, shalt laugh at them; thou s
68,o speak the word without fear. 
Some indeed preach Christ even of en
52,, his blood shall be upon his own head. 
He heard th
57,so their root shall be as rottenness, and their blossom s
69,the heaven, and hath founded his troop in the earth; he that calleth 
58,s hands and upon his feet, and his armourbearer after him:
49,cute me? 
The proud have digged pits for me, whic
65,es, he speaketh with his feet, he teacheth with his fingers; 
Fro
61,upon them: neither shalt thou serve their gods; for that will
48,a, I will help thee; yea, I will uphold thee wit
62,he spoil of the cities which we took. 
From Aroer, which is by
55,ORD your God is God of gods, and Lord of lords, a great
65,re opened, he saw no man: but they led him by the hand, and broug
61,and blessed the people: and their voice was heard, and their 
50,her it be bare within or without. 
And if the prie
62, Azubah was dead, Caleb took unto him Ephrath, which bare him 
61,sus came into the ruler's house, and saw the minstrels and th
61,and upon the handmaids in those days will I pour out my spiri
59,dged in the camp. 
And Joshua rose early in the morning, an
60,d in you, when he told us your earnest desire, your mourning
63,his skull. 
Then he called hastily unto the young man his armou
53,shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole wor
57,en from my mouth, the words of the LORD in the ears of th
48,aid, He is a good man, and cometh with good tidi
59,at. 
Thus shall Aaron come into the holy place: with a youn
49,e midst of the years make known; in wrath remembe
49,bernacle of the congregation. So they made an end
71,nations shall come to seek the LORD of hosts in Jerusalem, and to pray 
58, rebellious house, said unto thee, What doest thou? 
Say t
64, their secret parts. 
Therefore they sent the ark of God to Ekro
66,s portion. This also is vanity and a great evil. 
For what hath ma
61,ye; and, behold, a beam is in thine own eye? 
Thou hypocrite,
67,ushi. And Joab said, Wherefore wilt thou run, my son, seeing that t
50,nother: for verily I say unto you, Ye shall not ha
72,em: thus shall it be done unto them. 
Wherefore thus saith the LORD God 
60, Philistine arose, and came, and drew nigh to meet David, th
59,am in a great strait: let us fall now into the hand of the 
57,d; and they brought him to Jerusalem, and he died, and wa
67, Bethshean and her towns, and they who are of the valley of Jezreel
69,saying, 
These are the names of the men which shall divide the land u
61,, and Adaiah, Jashub, and Sheal, and Ramoth. 
And of the sons
57,niah the son of one of the apothecaries, and they fortifi
58,here, that thine heart may be merry; and to morrow get you
57, Moab, hath sent unto me, saying, 
Behold, there is a peo
71, border of Moab. 
And from thence they went to Beer: that is the well w
60,he holy things of the LORD; then he shall bring for his tres
56,en of Harhur, 
The children of Bazlith, the children of 
49,the king said to his servants, Have me away; for 
49,elled, saying, It was never so seen in Israel. 
B
57,hosts, the God of Israel; The daughter of Babylon is like
67,y left their images, and David and his men burned them. 
And the Ph
67,of the LORD's house, and all that is carried away captive, from Bab
67, of a great age, and had lived with an husband seven years from her
52,nd love of God our Saviour toward man appeared, 
Not
64,for the hay is withered away, the grass faileth, there is no gre
71,, if ye obey the commandments of the LORD your God, which I command you
72,for us from thence; that we may live, and not die. 
And Joseph's ten bre
70,e according to the writing thereof, and to every people after their la
67,vants, and ye that fear him, both small and great. 
And I heard as 
55,then how canst thou contend with horses? and if in the 
57,and him they killed, and many others; beating some, and k
60,Gilead, and the people made him head and captain over them: 
69,sacrifices and sweet incense: the shewbread also set they in order up
72, It is a gift, by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me; 
And honou
68,on the morrow, and thrust the fleece together, and wringed the dew o
50,were; duke Timnah, duke Aliah, duke Jetheth, 
Duke
58,d in her place, from Benjamin's gate unto the place of the
67,, as far as light excelleth darkness. 
The wise man's eyes are in h
53,of the hand of our enemies might serve him without fe
69, and pitched his tent there: and there Isaac's servants digged a well
48, will gather you from all the nations, and from 
54,of hosts. 
The burden of the word of the LORD to Israe
52,lso to her brother and to her mother precious things
59,your Father which is in heaven. 
Think not that I am come t
61,s are multiplied before thee, and our sins testify against us
63,urity, and out of darkness. 
The meek also shall increase their
60,one thing, some another, among the multitude: and when he co
70,ef is not asswaged: and though I forbear, what am I eased? 
But now he
67,oungest: and the three eldest followed Saul. 
But David went and re
57,m, saying, We found this fellow perverting the nation, an
57,d about. 
He hath bent his bow like an enemy: he stood wi
51, substance is increased in the land. 
But put forth
61,he south: into the land of trouble and anguish, from whence c
50,hority I do these things. 
The baptism of John, wa
72, God, lest I tear you in pieces, and there be none to deliver. 
Whoso of
68,o the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest
66,en of Israel departed thence at that time, every man to his tribe 
48,RD said unto me, Arise, take thy journey before 
56,eat. 
Labour not to be rich: cease from thine own wisdom
68,his brethren, and to his friends, and have not delivered thee into t
54,poken words, swearing falsely in making a covenant: th
69, and Benhadad sent out, and they told him, saying, There are men come
64,e breastplate of judgment the Urim and the Thummim; and they sha
53, be king: and he prepared him chariots and horsemen, 
65,e Abimelech rose early in the morning, and called all his servant
49,stines all the days of Samuel. 
And the cities wh
52,ter; 
Whose possessors slay them, and hold themselve
48,have I yet to cry any more unto the king? 
And t
53,t may be consumed. 
She hath wearied herself with lie
64,ereof: an homer of barley seed shall be valued at fifty shekels 
49, unto the LORD of hosts: and all they that sacrif
53,to the land of Israel, into the country for the which
62,shbon with her suburbs, Jazer with her suburbs; four cities in
69,ven to pass on the third day, that, behold, a man came out of the cam
69, that way: and the people that fled to the wilderness turned back upo
68,. 
And every little chamber was one reed long, and one reed broad; a
54, of war. 
And the children of Israel arose, and went u
71,dom was not told me: for thou exceedest the fame that I heard. 
Happy a
60, This is nothing else save the sword of Gideon the son of Jo
60,venture I shall make an atonement for your sin. 
And Moses r
69, lucre, and took bribes, and perverted judgment. 
Then all the elders
58, of teeth in all your cities, and want of bread in all you
70,me from all evil, bless the lads; and let my name be named on them, an
69,ass in the fourth year of king Darius, that the word of the LORD came
62, the plowman plow all day to sow? doth he open and break the c
59,he city, and overthrow it: and encourage thou him. 
And whe
48,ties of the kingdom of Og in Bashan. 
For only O
63,d twentieth day of the ninth month, in the second year of Dariu
50,b is confounded; for it is broken down: howl and c
61,, (for under it the people received the law,) what further ne
53,ay dip the tip of his finger in water, and cool my to
51,she, even she herself said, He is my brother: in th
52,e woman, and of him that lieth with her that is uncl
62,e letter that the king Artaxerxes gave unto Ezra the priest, t
58,me. 
Thou hast a mighty arm: strong is thy hand, and high 
48,ent said unto the woman, Ye shall not surely die
69,y that lieth by Bethrehob. And they built a city, and dwelt therein. 
58,t turn not away: neither shall he greatly multiply to hims
70,ery man a penny. 
And when they had received it, they murmured against
72,nto my lord? 
And he said, An hundred measures of oil. And he said unto 
68,ultiplied his seed, and gave him Isaac. 
And I gave unto Isaac Jacob
53,turn unto me, and have mercy upon me; give thy streng
54,ast not sinned; and if a virgin marry, she hath not si
57,knew thee that thou art an hard man, reaping where thou h
56,he waters: whatsoever hath fins and scales in the waters
59,se. 
And Gideon had threescore and ten sons of his body beg
57,ngdom of God: but to others in parables; that seeing they
51,en which pleaseth the king be queen instead of Vash
68, word: that thou mayest know that there is none like unto the LORD o
56,liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away, 
As it w
72,d of the goats for a sin offering, to make an atonement for you: 
Beside
63,f Reuben shall be Elizur the son of Shedeur. 
And his host, and
71,th him: and he turned, and said unto them, 
If any man come to me, and 
65,s unto the hills, from whence cometh my help. 
My help cometh fro
56,LORD hath sworn that the LORD will have war with Amalek 
57,; for I say unto you, That in heaven their angels do alwa
53,r they were in three stories, but had not pillars as 
71,r the hoofs of beasts trouble them. 
Then will I make their waters deep
61,ot the unclean thing; and I will receive you. 
And will be a 
70,in their nations. 
And the sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, and Phut, a
58,horsemen: and it was a very great company. 
And they came 
61,let him understand:) 
Then let them which be in Judaea flee i
48,nto his ears. 
Then the earth shook and trembled
61,is not worthy to die: for he hath spoken to us in the name of
60,he heavens; and thy faithfulness reacheth unto the clouds. 

51,th our fathers, when he brought them out of the lan
56,teaching, and ye took me not: but the scriptures must be
55, have sinned; what shall I do unto thee, O thou preserv
69, of war were consumed and dead from among the people, 
That the LORD 
52,g, and go round about the city. 
Behold, they belch 
65,ut the years of the wicked shall be shortened. 
The hope of the r
60, a man's hands shall be rendered unto him. 
The way of a foo
55,uickened together with him, having forgiven you all tre
60,
Then I looked, and, behold, in the firmament that was above
70,D. 
God is the LORD, which hath shewed us light: bind the sacrifice wi
67,n, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage
66,ypt, and as a dove out of the land of Assyria: and I will place th
54, loud voice glorified God, 
And fell down on his face 
50,shall be forsaken of both her kings. 
The LORD sha
61,e same day, to keep the passover, and to offer burnt offering
69,profit, which leadeth thee by the way that thou shouldest go. 
O that
51, is laid upon him. 
Whether he have gored a son, or
62,is she made desolate. 
Rejoice over her, thou heaven, and ye h
61, all that ye said unto me, and have made a king over you. 
An
60,ing, They are laid desolate, they are given us to consume. 

66,t, and saith unto his disciples, How hardly shall they that have r
58,anballat his servant unto me in like manner the fifth time
54,on Joseph. 
Now Jacob's well was there. Jesus therefor
66,house of cedars? 
Now therefore thus shalt thou say unto my servan
64,oy it; let them be driven backward and put to shame that wish me
53,selves. 
For your shame ye shall have double; and for
49,od Pilate had mingled with their sacrifices. 
And
72,ent Timotheus, our brother, and minister of God, and our fellowlabourer 
64,ord. If they have called the master of the house Beelzebub, how 
56, house; also I had great possessions of great and small 
66,h her suburbs, 
And Jokmeam with her suburbs, and Bethhoron with h
50,Ethiopians shall be at his steps. 
But tidings out
60,the camp. 
And Omri went up from Gibbethon, and all Israel w
57, of her soul, shall not stand: her husband hath made them
51,in hither: thinking, David cannot come in hither. 

70,eak the brotherhood between Judah and Israel. 
And the LORD said unto 
54, mine enemies are lively, and they are strong: and the
52,for Babylon: for the spoilers shall come unto her fr
53,le men for strength for the service, were threescore 
58,d speak unto them, and tell them, Thus saith the Lord GOD;
64,into captivity for their iniquity: because they trespassed again
61,nd knew not that it was Jesus. 
Jesus saith unto her, Woman, 
61,h of Jehoiada came the princes of Judah, and made obeisance t
52,laces through the wilderness: for the sword of the L
63,
And the priest shall make an atonement for all the congregatio
63,t offering, and his drink offering. 
These things ye shall do u
68,wash them with water. 
And thou shalt put upon Aaron the holy garmen
57,m death: O death, I will be thy plagues; O grave, I will 
56,so laid the beams thereof, and set up the doors thereof,
59,: and what is thy request? even to the half of the kingdom 
66,and said unto him, If the men come to call thee, rise up, and go w
59,ven you, saith the LORD; and I will bring you again into th
69, day. 
Now therefore, O LORD God of Israel, keep with thy servant Dav
66,s are these; The first, Simon, who is called Peter, and Andrew his
64,ot: 
And the priest shall take some of the log of oil, and pour 
48, was jasper; the second, sapphire; the third, a 
67,l the people. 
Let them praise thy great and terrible name; for it 
50,, that we perish not. 
And they said every one to 
51,nt the whole ram upon the altar: it was a burnt sac
66,ar the LORD. He that sweareth to his own hurt, and changeth not. 

71, thou hast made thy servant king instead of David my father: and I am b
54,unto Moses, 
Even all that the LORD hath commanded you
50, the length of one base, and four cubits the bread
52,desh. 
Then they went along through the wilderness, 
60, God in Horeb, when the LORD said unto me, Gather me the peo
71,n the praise of God. 
Jesus cried and said, He that believeth on me, be
51, of Keilah, and went whithersoever they could go. A
56,. 
Ye are cursed with a curse: for ye have robbed me, ev
52,d from the east, and gather thee from the west; 
I w
53,stributed for inheritance to them. 
By lot was their 
56,; and gold for the pattern of the chariot of the cherubi
51,er, or gold, or apparel. 
Yea, ye yourselves know, 
71,rd a language that I understood not. 
I removed his shoulder from the b
64,shalt fear the LORD thy God, and serve him, and shalt swear by h
64, it seemeth good and right unto thee to do unto us, do. 
And so 
70,: and there fell at that time of the Ephraimites forty and two thousan
68,, and hath lifted up his eyes to the idols, hath committed abominati
60,his clothes, and put sackcloth upon his flesh, and fasted, a
70,els. 
And one cherub stretched forth his hand from between the cherubi
58,ce. 
But the tithes of the children of Israel, which they 
59,ness; from the loins even unto the thighs they shall reach:
66,ou hast hewed thee out a sepulchre here, as he that heweth him out
71,s through the lusts of their own hearts, to dishonour their own bodies 
67,me to pass, that when Sanballat, and Tobiah, and the Arabians, and 
55,Gibeah of Benjamin looked; and, behold, the multitude m
71,lare us things for to come. 
Shew the things that are to come hereafter
55,
Now therefore make a new cart, and take two milch kine
70,, Edomites, Zidonians, and Hittites: 
Of the nations concerning which 
59,hom he raised not up, if so be that the dead rise not. 
For
56,ebephratah, then Abiah Hezron's wife bare him Ashur the 
50,esus Christ, and the elect angels, that thou obser
67, two shoulders for a memorial. 
And thou shalt make ouches of gold;
60,get. 
And three hundred shields made he of beaten gold: thre
48, name Israel. 
And God said unto him, I am God A
49,ge his floor, and will gather the wheat into his 
70,ive. 
And it was known throughout all Joppa; and many believed in the 
71,re. 
And Sharon shall be a fold of flocks, and the valley of Achor a pl
55,it entered into me, and set me upon my feet, and spake 
69,gypt, and redeemed you out of the house of bondage, to thrust thee ou
49,
To the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and m
50,t their generations, after their families, by the 
71,that avengeth me, and that bringeth down the people under me. 
And that
51,I came down from heaven? 
Jesus therefore answered 
64, thy hair is as a flock of goats, that appear from mount Gilead.
60, in word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, 
67,; 
(For six months did Joab remain there with all Israel, until he 
57,t Silas and Timotheus abode there still. 
And they that c
65, be: for who can tell him when it shall be? 
There is no man that
71, that take the spoil? 
So let all thine enemies perish, O LORD: but let
58,to Jerusalem, and stood before the ark of the covenant of 
52,heir wound. 
Behold, the name of the LORD cometh fro
63,m ye delight in: behold, he shall come, saith the LORD of hosts
50,art? 
Who can number the clouds in wisdom? or who 
49,y heart out of their flesh, and will give them an
48,ndness, that thou hast given him a son to sit on
52, the guard: but Paul was suffered to dwell by himsel
52,them under the oak which was by Shechem. 
And they j
62, be an overflowing flood, and shall overflow the land, and all
49, your sheep: and ye shall be his servants. 
And y
49,'s heart, when he goeth in before the LORD: and A
57,of one size. 
And he coupled five curtains by themselves,
55,rnt offering: 
One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
61,they be strong. 
And the whole congregation of the children o
66,ce of the wheels and their work was like unto the colour of a bery
66,e: and the smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace, and t
62, and set her as in the day that she was born, and make her as 
61,a thousand two hundred and threescore days. 
And there was wa
51,and before thee. 
Joshua therefore came unto them s
49,ry land, and slay her with thirst. 
And I will no
64,s: the sun knoweth his going down. 
Thou makest darkness, and it
57,shraites; of them came the Zareathites, and the Eshtaulit
53,nia. 
And there accompanied him into Asia Sopater of 
49,t that Rachel had stolen them. 
And Laban went in
70,ncense, 
And onyx stones, and stones to be set for the ephod, and for 
52,ons, and used similitudes, by the ministry of the pr
66,And at this house, which is high, every one that passeth by it sha
70,ars of the strange gods, and the high places, and brake down the image
57,out are against her; come ye, assemble all the beasts of 
50, multitude of dreams and many words there are also
70,hand? give me five loaves of bread in mine hand, or what there is pres
56,f the houses, wherein they shall eat it. 
And they shall
70,m; by the greatness of thine arm they shall be as still as a stone; ti
65,thing, some another, among the multitude: and when he could not k
64, by the word of God. 
But I say, Have they not heard? Yes verily
57,he princes of Zoan are fools, the counsel of the wise cou
69,rophesy, O son of man. 
And the Spirit of the LORD fell upon me, and 
55,of the law of God, and took a great stone, and set it u
56, and three on that side; they three were of one measure:
71,s skipped like rams, and the little hills like lambs. 
What ailed thee,
61,and the law prophesied until John. 
And if ye will receive it
54, dieth, let it die; and that that is to be cut off, le
68,e wrote a title, and put it on the cross. And the writing was JESUS 
57,th, Sacrifice and offering thou wouldest not, but a body 
62,ians will I give over into the hand of a cruel lord; and a fie
57,g, 
Take the sum of the people, from twenty years old and
56,he that cometh preacheth another Jesus, whom we have not
52,, and afterward go your way. 
And they sat down, and
67,ntain and eminent: 
In the mountain of the height of Israel will I 
58,d make it boil well, and let them seethe the bones of it t
65,t thou mayest go in and possess the good land which the LORD swar
69, of the kings of Israel and Judah: and Jehoiachin his son reigned in 
62, wings, which is beyond the rivers of Ethiopia: 
That sendeth 
67,ered into Jerusalem, and into the temple: and when he had looked ro
64,to them, Whatsoever he be of the house of Israel, or of the stra
53,f myself; but as my Father hath taught me, I speak th
72,ntries: I will therefore now make preparation for it. So David prepared 
61,salem at the corner gate, and at the valley gate, and at the 
65,ren, and forbiddeth them that would, and casteth them out of the 
51,f. 
The simple believeth every word: but the pruden
58,And Samuel died; and all the Israelites were gathered toge
71,id, Let be, let us see whether Elias will come to save him. 
Jesus, whe
56,thy servants the dream, and we will shew the interpretat
54,rom on high, and utter his voice from his holy habitat
72,very thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have g
63,palm trees and chains. 
And he garnished the house with preciou
63,or there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the 
56,he LORD. 
And Abraham drew near, and said, Wilt thou als
67,fowls of the air devoured it. 
And some fell upon a rock; and as so
52, go before thee; the glory of the LORD shall be thy 
48, thereof every morning pertained to them. 
And c
65,water: and the LORD said unto Gideon, Every one that lappeth of t
70, thee of God. 
Then Peter opened his mouth, and said, Of a truth I per
69, not the beam that is in thine own eye? 
Or how wilt thou say to thy 
53,d his angels fought against the dragon; and the drago
72,ed upon him to hear the word of God, he stood by the lake of Gennesaret,
61, chariots; and came unto Mareshah. 
Then Asa went out against
64,not, brethren, that he was the high priest: for it is written, T
48,th many other words did he testify and exhort, s
50,ll be cut off. 
The righteous shall inherit the la
65,mael also slew all the Jews that were with him, even with Gedalia
67,red us out of the hand of the shepherds, and also drew water enough
54,ealt ye so ill with me, as to tell the man whether ye 
62,e member suffer, all the members suffer with it; or one member
56,ubits eastward and northward. 
And the gate of the outwa
59,in me is broken because of the prophets; all my bones shake
54,r's, 
The son of a woman of the daughters of Dan, and 
57,en your eyes for the dead. 
For thou art an holy people u
59,he is dead, wherefore should I fast? can I bring him back a
70,e by faith. 
And the law is not of faith: but, The man that doeth them
56,late and faint all the day. 
The yoke of my transgressio
60,d fifty talents of gold, and brought them to king Solomon. 

67,have not commanded; 
And it be told thee, and thou hast heard of it
69,hall put their hands upon the Levites: 
And Aaron shall offer the Lev
52, the Girgashites, and the Amorites, and the Jebusite
69,eady, as a matter of bounty, and not as of covetousness. 
But this I 
67,to all the house of my father: for thy servant knew nothing of all 
52,and drink of that which the young men have drawn. 
T
69,that they had done these things unto him. 
The people therefore that 
49,f it. 
And the city had no need of the sun, neith
61,at my presence, and the mountains shall be thrown down, and t
62,ambers for the treasures, for the offerings, for the firstfrui
65,ough he had not been anointed with oil. 
From the blood of the sl
49,ire in them, and laid incense thereon, and stood 
56,es of their land; whatsoever sore or whatsoever sickness
71,of the LORD came unto me, saying, 
Son of man, when the house of Israel
68,oth of them together: for the damsel's father had said unto the man,
63,him not; for he will not pardon your transgressions: for my nam
65,at day will I make the governors of Judah like an hearth of fire 
59,unto me, and stood, and said unto me, Brother Saul, receive
62,and will reveal unto them the abundance of peace and truth. 
A
69,I have not sent them, saith the LORD. 
For thus saith the LORD, That 
72,ses, and weighed him the money in the balances. 
So I took the evidence 
57, thee; that thou cause me not to return to the house of J
70,ess, and according to mine integrity that is in me. 
Oh let the wicked
49, of the earth. 
After it a voice roareth: he thun
72,sea of the Philistines, and from the desert unto the river: for I will d
56,d, and dwelt in the habitation of Chimham, which is by B
63,stified, them he also glorified. 
What shall we then say to the
68, charged your judges at that time, saying, Hear the causes between y
56,ousands: and what can he have more but the kingdom? 
And
65,e house, and finished it. 
And he built the walls of the house wi
55,fore the LORD; but the LORD was not in the wind: and af
66,have cut off all thine enemies from before thee, and have made the
72, of the month, the waters were dried up from off the earth: and Noah rem
49,into Egypt: but God was with him, 
And delivered 
62,er, according to the spirit of holiness, by the resurrection f
72,Shemaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred: 
Of the sons of Hebron
48,eareth gall and wormwood; 
And it come to pass, 
60,t out from Beersheba, and went toward Haran. 
And he lighted
70,strain wisdom to thyself? 
What knowest thou, that we know not? what u
60,nd when the flood arose, the stream beat vehemently upon tha
53,sciples rebuked them. 
But Jesus said, Suffer little 
63, out of the offerings of the LORD made by fire, in the day when
54,the land of Egypt. 
And Moses took the bones of Joseph
71,d all Judah stood before the LORD, with their little ones, their wives,
56, forty and one thousand and five hundred. 
Of the childr
68, still do wickedly, ye shall be consumed, both ye and your king. 
Sa
49, I have kept thy testimonies. 
Princes also did s
67, of the LORD, and his own house, 
That the cities which Huram had r
69, and twenty thousand men. 
Then David put garrisons in Syria of Damas
63,n end of all strife. 
Wherein God, willing more abundantly to s
68,nd are counted as the small dust of the balance: behold, he taketh u
51, side, round about the camp, and as it were two cub
50, shewed Moses, so he made the candlestick. 
And th
69,Haman came to banquet with Esther the queen. 
And the king said again
52,ake him flee: slingstones are turned with him into s
69,eedy out of the dunghill; 
That he may set him with princes, even wit
54,nd he shall give thee rest; yea, he shall give delight
56, sons of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, 
48,t let me go, that I may hide myself in the field
52,ed him forth out of the city, and stoned him with st
72,ly received him into the ship: and immediately the ship was at the land 
51, jewels. 
Thus will I make thy lewdness to cease fr
64,the LORD hath given it a charge against Ashkelon, and against th
51,a fat pasture shall they feed upon the mountains of
69,trumpet in Ramah: cry aloud at Bethaven, after thee, O Benjamin. 
Eph
50,e the Lord Christ. 
But he that doeth wrong shall 
60,aith unto him, I will; be thou clean. 
And as soon as he had
63,among them: I am the LORD their God. 
And thou shalt make an al
70,s neighbour's goods. 
For all manner of trespass, whether it be for ox
63, God dwelleth in you? 
If any man defile the temple of God, him
69,f the LORD thy God, and for the Holy One of Israel; for he hath glori
63,acceptance on mine altar, and I will glorify the house of my gl
49,l it be fulfilled in the kingdom of God. 
And he 
65,there is none among them that calleth unto me. 
Ephraim, he hath 
57,hey set their mouth against the heavens, and their tongue
62, dead, and become the firstfruits of them that slept. 
For sin
72,iest. 
And Bezaleel the son Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah, 
60,manner of living thing that creepeth on the ground, which I 
66,so will I tear, and deliver my people out of your hand, and they s
55,great teeth of the young lions, O LORD. 
Let them melt 
61,ess required haste. 
And the priest said, The sword of Goliat
57, on the plague, after that it is washed: and, behold, if 
65,ther: and there were thirty and two kings with him, and horses, a
64,t hundred and forty years, and begat sons and daughters: 
And al
60, habitation. 
This is my rest for ever: here will I dwell; f
68,et come to pass, that there shall come people, and the inhabitants o
68,d shall be your possession before the LORD. 
But if ye will not do s
61,me into Babylon, come; and I will look well unto thee: but if
59,at a stay, and the plague spread not in the skin; then the 
51,ses, saying, 
Only thou shalt not number the tribe 
54,h were numbered seven hundred chosen men. 
Among all t
53, and displeased, and came to Samaria. 
And it came to
60,ing rams against it round about. 
Moreover take thou unto th
48,name is Peter: 
He lodgeth with one Simon a tann
58,on the tip of the right ear of his sons, and upon the thum
70,tisfied, yea, four things say not, It is enough: 
The grave; and the b
69,ather, which went forth out of this place; He shall not return thithe
49,r on the holy day: and that we would leave the se
53,s were fulfilled for him; for so are fulfilled the da
53, cuckow, and the hawk after his kind, 
The little owl
52,D said unto me, Distress not the Moabites, neither c
53,her. 
My mouth shall speak of wisdom; and the meditat
58, shall therefore sanctify yourselves, and ye shall be holy
48,ael his sin. 
Hear this, I pray you, ye heads of
49,rought her masters much gain by soothsaying: 
The
66,ll thy borders. 
And thou, even thyself, shalt discontinue from th
71,fetched from thence gold, four hundred and twenty talents, and brought 
64,ll be my son. If he commit iniquity, I will chasten him with the
66,es forced the children of Dan into the mountain: for they would no
63,vered wagons, and twelve oxen; a wagon for two of the princes, 
49,they themselves shew of us what manner of enterin
52,, then shall he that smote him be quit: only he shal
69,re numbered of them were seven thousand and five hundred. 
The famili
60, a fast, and set Naboth on high among the people: 
And set t
51,ave spoken lies, and their tongue is deceitful in t
71,e anointing, and to thy sons, by an ordinance for ever. 
This shall be 
67,iple whom Jesus loved saith unto Peter, It is the Lord. Now when Si
58,ll remain in it, neither man nor beast, but that it shall 
72,l be in many waters, and his king shall be higher than Agag, and his kin
53, name of the beast, or the number of his name. 
Here 
64,tines, which are ashamed of thy lewd way. 
Thou hast played the 
58,uare, and the length is as large as the breadth: and he me
49, my father, and am set on the throne of Israel, a
49,tan. 
Fear none of those things which thou shalt 
68,aac, and circumcised him the eighth day; and Isaac begat Jacob; and 
48, city of them that work iniquity, and is pollute
55,d, and not the tail; and thou shalt be above only, and 
70,the other side Jordan eastward. 
This is the inheritance of the childr
62,be, that upon the eighth day, and so forward, the priests shal
57,ill be with hurt and much damage, not only of the lading 
54,me to the ground. 
They said in their hearts, Let us d
51, a serpent? 
If ye then, being evil, know how to gi
59,fore God: yea, let them exceedingly rejoice. 
Sing unto God
59,at are round about us, as the ox licketh up the grass of th
50,n, Gibeon with her suburbs, Geba with her suburbs,
61,rth; and righteousness shall look down from heaven. 
Yea, the
66,on high are open, and the foundations of the earth do shake. 
The 
58,maid, I pray thee, speak one word unto my lord the king. A
50,ing shall perish, and the heart of the princes; an
64,nd; and the land is subdued before the LORD, and before his peop
53,gan to salute him, Hail, King of the Jews! 
And they 
72,ple pass on, and are punished. 
By humility and the fear of the LORD are
49,d overthrow it: and encourage thou him. 
And when
68,ppeared. 
And Moses and Aaron came before the tabernacle of the cong
57,e peace in the land, and ye shall lie down, and none shal
62,eir own conscience, went out one by one, beginning at the elde
60,ceived the atonement. 
Wherefore, as by one man sin entered 
68,ies, which he built in Hamath. 
Also he built Bethhoron the upper, a
57,azarus out of his grave, and raised him from the dead, ba
61,andle me, and see; for a spirit hath not flesh and bones, as 
71,enerations, for a perpetual covenant. 
It is a sign between me and the 
54,ainly return in peace, then hath not the LORD spoken b
52,o more. 
And the LORD said unto Moses, Yet will I br
63,il the thousand years were finished. This is the first resurrec
55,priest of them that are no gods. 
But as for us, the LO
55,th sobriety. 
This is a true saying, if a man desire th
51,de, and the naughtiness of thine heart; for thou ar
50,f the children of Judah; Athaiah the son of Uzziah
52,to thee. 
But we will certainly do whatsoever thing 
72,destroy the works of the devil. 
Whosoever is born of God doth not commi
49,And they said, He is well: and, behold, Rachel hi
54, in the depth of the sea. 
Woe unto the world because 
57,said unto him, Why art thou alone, and no man with thee? 
65,plague were fourteen thousand and seven hundred, beside them that
55,g of Babylon shall come upon thee. 
By the swords of th
54, not after other gods to serve them, and ye shall dwel
59,ll snatch on the right hand, and be hungry; and he shall ea
49,esought him instantly, saying, That he was worthy
56,redeem it within a whole year after it is sold; within a
71,ore afraid, they shall be troubled in their countenance. 
The merchants
51,f their eggs dieth, and that which is crushed break
52,e a serpent; adders' poison is under their lips. Sel
63,e that are afflicted by it; and a flattering mouth worketh ruin
61,hou shalt thrice deny that thou knowest me. 
And he said unto
53, of spirits; to another divers kinds of tongues; to a
59,mi, and Hur, and Shobal. 
And Reaiah the son of Shobal bega
53,versity they rejoiced, and gathered themselves togeth
71,bout: thus shalt thou cleanse and purge it. 
Thou shalt take the bulloc
66, passengers that pass through the land, when any seeth a man's bon
57,ed from the day that he forced his sister Tamar. 
Now the
72,urtenance thereof. 
And ye shall let nothing of it remain until the morn
59, evil, neither tempteth he any man: 
But every man is tempt
55, out of Syriamaachah, and out of Zobah. 
So they hired 
48,t, so that they could not any longer stand befor
58,ssed him: and Esau said in his heart, The days of mourning
55,o the ship; and the wind ceased: and they were sore ama
55,he son of Moses, was ruler of the treasures. 
And his b
70,and circumcised him because of the Jews which were in those quarters: 
68,also of the seed of the land, and planted it in a fruitful field; he
68,e prisoner called me unto him, and prayed me to bring this young man
49, we have not an high priest which cannot be touch
57,out of Zobah. 
So they hired thirty and two thousand char
49,teach you: as I commanded them, so ye shall obser
71,n, and all the birds of the heavens were fled. 
I beheld, and, lo, the 
49,ph the son of Deuel, prince of the children of Ga
48,ame of the day, even of this same day: the king 
50,man, that I may appoint over her? for who is like 
59,en; he will say, Why then did ye not believe him? 
But if w
50,e of you keepeth the law? Why go ye about to kill 
49, loosed from Crete, and to have gained this harm 
62,that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be ope
51,nd I should heal them. 
Be it known therefore unto 
70,en by the prophets concerning the Son of man shall be accomplished. 
F
71,h not sinners: but if any man be a worshipper of God, and doeth his wil
60, of the flesh: but envy the rottenness of the bones. 
He tha
65, the milk of the flock? 
Say I these things as a man? or saith no
51,unto the treasure of the work threescore and one th
70,s that are not their's. 
They are terrible and dreadful: their judgmen
59,thereof: and it shall be an habitation of dragons, and a co
49,ad done. 
And some cried one thing, some another,
56,nd they shall follow them: and I will get me honour upon
64,We accept it always, and in all places, most noble Felix, with a
62,shall be an execration, and an astonishment, and a curse, and 
70,he sanctuary: 
The golden spoons were twelve, full of incense, weighin
68, law died without mercy under two or three witnesses: 
Of how much s
56,ispleased, 
And said unto him, Hearest thou what these s
59,ugh with terror: and the high ones of stature shall be hewn
57, 
Whose graves are set in the sides of the pit, and her c
59,lieving in God with all his house. 
And when it was day, th
50,against Israel, and he moved David against them to
53,shall mingle themselves with the seed of men: but the
62,Israel shall abide many days without a king, and without a pri
71, took him out of her bosom, and carried him up into a loft, where he ab
63,e sun. 
And I turned myself to behold wisdom, and madness, and 
57,e roll: but he would not hear them. 
But the king command
52, now he hath taken away my blessing. And he said, Ha
68,s. 
Therefore also said the wisdom of God, I will send them prophets
53,rebel against the LORD, and turn this day from follow
49,g grow without water? 
Whilst it is yet in his gr
53,m, with thy cunning men, and with the cunning men of 
52, he could not be hid. 
For a certain woman, whose yo
57,he is the head; and the prophet that teacheth lies, he is
50,ill I turn also from them, and they shall pollute 
48,n, which is Kadesh. 
And they removed from Kades
54, bring evil upon them, which they shall not be able to
62,near, even at the doors. 
Verily I say unto you, This generati
70,ey are wanting to him. 
He that getteth wisdom loveth his own soul: he
68,or thou hast born a son. But she answered not, neither did she regar
65,rowing; for the wind was contrary unto them: and about the fourth
59,putteth his trust in me shall possess the land, and shall i
52,ent and called the child's mother. 
And Pharaoh's da
71,s in the house of mirth. 
It is better to hear the rebuke of the wise, 
60,se I have you in my heart; inasmuch as both in my bonds, and
58, and the women ravished; and half of the city shall go for
57,ess: 
For their redeemer is mighty; he shall plead their 
63,nd the LORD said unto Joshua, Stretch out the spear that is in 
57,rael, Ye shall eat the blood of no manner of flesh: for t
56,cording to thy word. 
My lips shall utter praise, when t
69,ly charged them, and commanded them to tell no man that thing; 
Sayin
50, closed upon them: and they perished from among th
59,fore us, 
Looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our
62,he land which ye shall inherit by lot, which the LORD commande
70,rom that time many of his disciples went back, and walked no more with
55,way. 
I, even I, am he that comforteth you: who art tho
72,s hand; and he knew not ought he had, save the bread which he did eat. A
68,RD reigneth: the world also shall be established that it shall not b
59,and of the captives, from the beginning of revenges upon th
52,the people according to the law, he took the blood o
48,the south, under Ashdothpisgah: 
And the coast o
65,unto God and the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ; 
Su
58,w that I the LORD have poured out my fury upon you. 
And t
51, down like rivers. 
And they sinned yet more agains
56,e earth on the head of the poor, and turn aside the way 
55,seven days, and the feast seven days. 
And on the three
68,prayer prevent thee. 
LORD, why castest thou off my soul? why hidest
56,, saying, Alleluia; Salvation, and glory, and honour, an
50,
And David rose up early in the morning, and left 
64,m up into an high mountain apart, 
And was transfigured before t
60,e up hither. And they ascended up to heaven in a cloud; and 
66,nd thou shalt have a paddle upon thy weapon; and it shall be, when
69,among the sons. I sat down under his shadow with great delight, and h
69,eaketh lies, and he that soweth discord among brethren. 
My son, keep
56,hildren of Israel according to their armies, when they s
59,of his brother whom he slew; and we will destroy the heir a
67,, duke Shammah, duke Mizzah: these are the dukes that came of Reuel
71,o the Jews a stumblingblock, and unto the Greeks foolishness; 
But unto
58,and he did to the king of Makkedah as he did unto the king
50,s established greatly. 
And Adonijah the son of Ha
61,udges, but they went a whoring after other gods, and bowed th
72,Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. 
Now to him that is of power to
68,ived by him. 
And she arose, and went away, and laid by her vail fro
64,d, when he led thee by the way? 
And now what hast thou to do in
57,lings, and among them. 
As for me, I will call upon God; 
48,that the dead are raised, even Moses shewed at t
59,and great in power, and will not at all acquit the wicked: 
60,ce for ever from the LORD. 
So Benaiah the son of Jehoiada w
56,mong the children of Israel, and the cattle of the Levit
68, even Moses, in whom ye trust. 
For had ye believed Moses, ye would 
58,ne, but ye shall not dwell in them; ye have planted pleasa
51,e saith unto him, Out of thine own mouth will I jud
59,achish into the hand of Israel, which took it on the second
61,e that were with him, unto the battle against the Syrians: an
53, boldness in the day of judgment: because as he is, s
66,e one flesh? 
Wherefore they are no more twain, but one flesh. Wha
51, the king, How long have I to live, that I should g
53,mong you, and that I shall bewail many which have sin
51, and they shall have none to bury them, them, their
70,of the four hundred and thirty years, even the selfsame day it came to
55,d wrought all his work. 
For he cast two pillars of bra
59,he LORD came upon them: and they spoiled all the cities; fo
66,saying, There are men come out of Samaria. 
And he said, Whether t
53,cept your righteousness shall exceed the righteousnes
58, in putting off the body of the sins of the flesh by the c
70,rams, and the fat of fed beasts; and I delight not in the blood of bul
56, I will lay thy stones with fair colours, and lay thy fo
53, utterly. 
Then came the word of the LORD unto Samuel
54,in thy house: 
Grace to you, and peace, from God our F
65, the people that were round about them, and bowed themselves unto
61,ht of the people. 
My righteousness is near; my salvation is 
56,hers they shall inherit. 
According to the lot shall the
54,one kid of the goats for a sin offering, and two lambs
64,the LORD our God: lo, shall we sacrifice the abomination of the 
59, set me a time to plead? 
If I justify myself, mine own mou
71,n he cometh, he shall smite the land of Egypt, and deliver such as are 
63,hey have done drinking. 
And she hasted, and emptied her pitche
61,nath: and, behold, a young lion roared against him. 
And the 
60,rth. 
It is better to hear the rebuke of the wise, than for 
61,Why are thy valiant men swept away? they stood not, because t
69,en thine eyes upon such an one, and bringest me into judgment with th
68,kiah appointed the courses of the priests and the Levites after thei
61,the wall of Ophel he built much. 
Moreover he built cities in
49,t. 
Abraham saith unto him, They have Moses and t
69, from the midst of Sihon, and shall devour the corner of Moab, and th
55,d and said unto the woman, Hide not from me, I pray the
56,it, and testified to the Jews that Jesus was Christ. 
An
51,. 
He that hath no rule over his own spirit is like
53,t loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy o
48,de, and their pomp, and he that rejoiceth, shall
60,d which I give unto you, and shall reap the harvest thereof,
59, and of the Levites, shall be porters of the doors; 
And a 
59,and he sat down among the ashes. 
Then said his wife unto h
62, his tent. And Joab returned to Jerusalem unto the king. 
Now 
70,e mount up at thy command, and make her nest on high? 
She dwelleth an
69,reel, and his nurse took him up, and fled: and it came to pass, as sh
